"Welcome in our spacious and warm apartment in the center of Amsterdam.  With a large living, a diner table for 6, the wonderful windmill view, it is a perfect homecoming.  The house has 2 comfortable bedrooms.","Living in the centre across a windmill and the best brewery in town is pretty unique! Our house is kids friendly, if your kids want to play with toys, we will leave them in the house for you. For 2 adults and 2 kids, the house is perfect. If you are with more people it's easy to place a 5th bed in the study room. Guusje, our cat will be in the house. Only if you like cats and do not care to give her some dry food, you are welcome to stay!","Welcome in our spacious and warm apartment in the center of Amsterdam.  With a large living, a diner table for 6, the wonderful windmill view, it is a perfect homecoming.  The house has 2 comfortable bedrooms. Living in the centre across a windmill and the best brewery in town is pretty unique! Our house is kids friendly, if your kids want to play with toys, we will leave them in the house for you. For 2 adults and 2 kids, the house is perfect. If you are with more people it's easy to place a 5th bed in the study room. Guusje, our cat will be in the house. Only if you like cats and do not care to give her some dry food, you are welcome to stay! Guests do have acces to the whole house. We won't be at the house during your stay. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact me by app or sms. If you want we will have some tourist information at the table. Although our house is across a very touristical spot in town, the brewery and the windmill, in the evening the terras is empty, ","Although our house is across a very touristical spot in town, the brewery and the windmill, in the evening the terras is empty, and you will enjoy the birds in the (shared) backyard again! The Plantage area, wich we live in, is beautiful. There are lots of quiet places, parcs and even an urban beach in the neighborhood as well. We live so close to the Zoo that sometimes we can hear the weeping woolfs!","All public transport is available within 1 or 2 minutes walking.  Bus 22 will drive you in 7 minutes to Central Station. from there are many trains to for example to Schiphol Tram 10  is good for Rijksmuseum, Leidse Square  Tram 14 drives you to the Dam, old centre and the canals.","No smoking in the house. You can smoke at the balcony.  There are so many nice places to hang out in Amsterdam, so please no Party in the house! Our house is very suitable for families. We do rather not have a group of students in our house.  Please be respectful with the the house.  We do have a house cat. She will be mostly away during your stay. cats. But if you are badly allergic to cats, you better search for another place....."
