"Vintage, comfortable, spacious (100m2), 17th century monumental mansion located in the midst of the canal district with a side view on one of Amsterdam's most charming canals. The mansion is a 5min walk from Central Station, The 9 streets, The Jordaan, Anne Frank House and Dam square. The area is widely considered as one of the most scenic locations in Amsterdam.","A tasteful, spacious (100m2) 17th century mansion located in the midst of the canal district with a side view on one of Amsterdam's most charming canals. The mansion is a 5min walk from Central Station, The Jordaan, Anne Frank House and Dam square.  The house was built in 17th century and has been fully renovated three years ago. It is divided over three floors and covers a total of a hundred square meters (1076 ft2).  You enter the house on the ground floor and walk up the (steep) stairs to the first floor, where you will find a fully equipped kitchen, dining area and separate toilet. The dining area consists of a large dining table with six comfortable chairs.  The large living room can be found on the second floor. Its main features are the high ceiling, classic bookcase and view over the canal. It's clean and very comfortable. The living room has a big wood burning fireplace. A blazing fire adds the best cozy feeling to a living room in the wintertime! In the living room you will a","Vintage, comfortable, spacious (100m2), 17th century monumental mansion located in the midst of the canal district with a side view on one of Amsterdam's most charming canals. The mansion is a 5min walk from Central Station, The 9 streets, The Jordaan, Anne Frank House and Dam square. The area is widely considered as one of the most scenic locations in Amsterdam. A tasteful, spacious (100m2) 17th century mansion located in the midst of the canal district with a side view on one of Amsterdam's most charming canals. The mansion is a 5min walk from Central Station, The Jordaan, Anne Frank House and Dam square.  The house was built in 17th century and has been fully renovated three years ago. It is divided over three floors and covers a total of a hundred square meters (1076 ft2).  You enter the house on the ground floor and walk up the (steep) stairs to the first floor, where you will find a fully equipped kitchen, dining area and separate toilet. The dining area consists of a large dinin","The house is in a quiet street between the Herengracht, Blauwburgwal and Singel. One of the most scenic locations in Amsterdam.  There are plentiful nice restaurants, bars and markets in the area. All major shopping areas, Kalverstreet and nine streets, are within a five minutes’walk. Furthermore there are three supermarkets and two biological supermarkets within five minutes walking distance.  Anne Frank’s house is on a five minute walk.","Central station is approximately a 5 to 10 minutes walk.  Nieuwezijdse Kolk tram/busstop 1 minute walk Tram and bus is will take you within 10 minutes to the Museum square, Leidse square and Rembrandt square. I would recommend going by bike. Biking through the canal district is a unique experience.",- No smoking - Maximum 2 persons - Enjoying your stay - No parties
