"Close to center but nice and quiet. Around the corner of many new trendy bars and restaurants, like Fier, Bar Spek,  Bar Centraal and the Hallen etc. The parrots mentioned in the review, are not in the house but frequent the tree behind the house!","Our apartment next to the thriving area of amsterdam is a oasis of piece and gives you relaxation after a day of sightseeing. Enjoy the roof top terrace, take a bath or stroll around the neighbourhood and discover the new cool places to eat and dine. A relaxt beautifull oasis right next to the busy city center. The house is yours. Im always reachable and have friend a block away to help out if you need anything. This area is upcoming and has a lot of bars, restaurants and a daymarket. Also there is a new area called the Hallen which will be ready in june with cool design stores and a cinema just five minutes walking distance. Public transit is 150m away. Trams take you to Dam square (5 mins) or 20 mins walk. Tram 13 to Amsterdam Central Station (15mins).","Close to center but nice and quiet. Around the corner of many new trendy bars and restaurants, like Fier, Bar Spek,  Bar Centraal and the Hallen etc. The parrots mentioned in the review, are not in the house but frequent the tree behind the house! Our apartment next to the thriving area of amsterdam is a oasis of piece and gives you relaxation after a day of sightseeing. Enjoy the roof top terrace, take a bath or stroll around the neighbourhood and discover the new cool places to eat and dine. A relaxt beautifull oasis right next to the busy city center. The house is yours. Im always reachable and have friend a block away to help out if you need anything. This area is upcoming and has a lot of bars, restaurants and a daymarket. Also there is a new area called the Hallen which will be ready in june with cool design stores and a cinema just five minutes walking distance. Public transit is 150m away. Trams take you to Dam square (5 mins) or 20 mins walk. Tram 13 to Amsterdam Central Stati","My neighborhood is easy going, multi cultural with young and old people. Since most students live west of my area they all bike through the main street nearby and hang out at bars in the area giving it a nice lively buzz.","Its easy to get to my place by public transport. Tram 13 from amsterdam Central station only 15 mins. Also tram 14, 12 and 7 are around the corner. Paid parking is possible in front of the appartment.","Pets are allowd, smoking on the terrace. No parties. No inviting people in unless permission is asked in advance. (like inviting your long dear friend from amsterdam over for dinner kinda thing)"
