This great apartment has 2 separate bedrooms & a comfortable bathroom with bathtub and shower. The toilet is separate. The kitchen is fully equipped to cook your own dinner. The front/back terraces have lots of light and sun. Families are preferred.,"- Wifi - 2 bedrooms - kitchen with dishwasher and fully equipped - 3 terraces - quiet, yet down town 20 meters from restaurants, boutiques etc Very spacious apartment downtown Amsterdam. 2 terraces, 1 small garden. In the 1st floor this lovely apartment has a hallway with built-in closets for coats, washing machine and storage.    The light living room with wide windows also has space for a loggia that fits 2 chairs and a table and morning sun.  A modern open kitchen with all utensils you need has oven, microwave and dishwasher. There are TV sets in the living room and 1 of the bedrooms. There wireless internet in the entire apartment. There are 2 bedrooms and 1 yoga / meditation studio. One bedroom has a terrace. A new bath room has a bath and separate shower. The WC is located separately in the hallway.  The entire apartment has warm wooden floors. It is located 20 meters away from the lovely Utrechtsestraat, with over 25 of the best restaurants, boutiques, special gift shops and tak","This great apartment has 2 separate bedrooms & a comfortable bathroom with bathtub and shower. The toilet is separate. The kitchen is fully equipped to cook your own dinner. The front/back terraces have lots of light and sun. Families are preferred. - Wifi - 2 bedrooms - kitchen with dishwasher and fully equipped - 3 terraces - quiet, yet down town 20 meters from restaurants, boutiques etc Very spacious apartment downtown Amsterdam. 2 terraces, 1 small garden. In the 1st floor this lovely apartment has a hallway with built-in closets for coats, washing machine and storage.    The light living room with wide windows also has space for a loggia that fits 2 chairs and a table and morning sun.  A modern open kitchen with all utensils you need has oven, microwave and dishwasher. There are TV sets in the living room and 1 of the bedrooms. There wireless internet in the entire apartment. There are 2 bedrooms and 1 yoga / meditation studio. One bedroom has a terrace. A new bath room has a bath",,,"Welcome to Amsterdam @  Kerkstraat 391  !! Thank you for being respectful, mindful guests and for choosing to share our apartment.  We hope you have a pleasant stay in our apartment. Here are some useful things to know: GeneralPlease leave your shoes in the hallway before you come into the rest of the apartment. We would really appreciate it if you would honor this.  KitchenFeel free to use coffee, tea, spices, and cooking oil. Dishes, pots and pans are all easily found in the cupboards. Please don’t use metal utensils in the pans and coated pots as they will scratch – wooden spoons are available in pot in the kitchen counter.  Please make sure the fridge and deep-¬‐freezer doors shut tight, sometimes they can spring back.  Linen/TowelsWe have emptied out the mirrored wardrobe and a few shelves in the other wardroom/room for your use. Extra blankets, should they be needed, are located in this latter wardrobe. Please take off the linen from the bed and leave in bath tub when you leave. "
