"We have a large two story apartment (120m2), with 4 rooms (2 bedrooms), 2 toilets, a big bathroom with bath, a fully equipped kitchen and stylishly decorated interior.  There are three supermarkets within 5 mins walking and the city center is close ","We have a large two story apartment (120m2), with 4 rooms (2 bedrooms), 2 toilets, a big bathroom with bath, a fully equipped kitchen and stylishly decorated interior.  It has a nice balcony that has sun from 9:00 to at least 16:00 in spring and summer. The garden is nicely kept en allows for some relaxed sunbathing or reading. It's located in a great looking city garden (typical for Amsterdam). The apartment is well spec'd too: General: - Super fast internet (120mbit down, 10mbit up). - Wifi reception throughout the 120m2 (also in bed) - Two separate toilets with sink, one on each floor - Great cat called 'Nixon', he is very sweet and cuddly, and the best: no cat box/litter. We built our one 'cat stairs', so Nixon can use the toilet in the communal garden outside. Living room: - 42 inch LED TV with HD cable - Nintendo Wii with motion plus and balance board - Massage chair Video room / study / spare bedroom: -  Playstation 3  (bring your blurays!) - 720p projector - Full surround sound","We have a large two story apartment (120m2), with 4 rooms (2 bedrooms), 2 toilets, a big bathroom with bath, a fully equipped kitchen and stylishly decorated interior.  There are three supermarkets within 5 mins walking and the city center is close We have a large two story apartment (120m2), with 4 rooms (2 bedrooms), 2 toilets, a big bathroom with bath, a fully equipped kitchen and stylishly decorated interior.  It has a nice balcony that has sun from 9:00 to at least 16:00 in spring and summer. The garden is nicely kept en allows for some relaxed sunbathing or reading. It's located in a great looking city garden (typical for Amsterdam). The apartment is well spec'd too: General: - Super fast internet (120mbit down, 10mbit up). - Wifi reception throughout the 120m2 (also in bed) - Two separate toilets with sink, one on each floor - Great cat called 'Nixon', he is very sweet and cuddly, and the best: no cat box/litter. We built our one 'cat stairs', so Nixon can use the toilet in the ",,"Ja, trams en bussen naar het centrum. Daarnaast zijn er overal fietsen te huur. Parkeren kan voor de deur. Er gelden Amsterdamse parkeertarieven tot en met 21:00. Zondag is parkeren altijd gratis.","No smoking please.  When you're staying here, can you maybe water the plants on the balcony once in a while? And feed our great cat called 'Nixon'? We usually give him his 'wet' food at the end of the day, early in the evening, he will remember you :) Before we go to sleep we also give him dry food and refill his water. Nixon is very sweet and cuddly, and the best of all: no cat box/litter. We built our own 'cat stairs', so Nixon can use the toilet in the communal garden outside. Since may 2014 we have a new addition to our family, our kitten ""Hoover""! He is very very cute and still a little playful. ""Nixon"" and ""Hoover"" can get along and play together. ""Hoover"" has separate kitten food. ""Hoover"" still has a  cat box/litter and goes on his own."
