"In the South part of the city centre, in a true Amsterdam peaceful and vibrant neighbourhood (de Pijp) lies this spacious 125sqm luxury design apartment which is suitable for 4 people. Only for couples, families and business travelers.","In the South part of the city centre, in a true Amsterdam peaceful and vibrant neighbourhood (de Pijp) lies this spacious 125sqm luxury apartment which is suitable for 4 people. Only for couples, families and business travelers.  The apartment: The 2 story apartment sits on the 3rd floor (3 stairs) and has a large living room with fire place, a dining table for 6, and a balcony. The magnificent kitchen is a pleasure to cook in and the dishwasher makes clean-up a snap! The apartment is uniquely designed and has one unique wall closet which spans over the entire length of the apartment and connects the 2 floors. On the second floor the master bedroom has a vide and huge double bed. The second bedroom has two singles. The truly unique and gorgeous bathroom links the 2 bedrooms with 2 frosted glass sliding doors on both sides. By sliding all the doors wide open one could in fact make one huge open area of the 2nd floor. The sliding doors have no locks. The apartment is available for short-","In the South part of the city centre, in a true Amsterdam peaceful and vibrant neighbourhood (de Pijp) lies this spacious 125sqm luxury design apartment which is suitable for 4 people. Only for couples, families and business travelers. In the South part of the city centre, in a true Amsterdam peaceful and vibrant neighbourhood (de Pijp) lies this spacious 125sqm luxury apartment which is suitable for 4 people. Only for couples, families and business travelers.  The apartment: The 2 story apartment sits on the 3rd floor (3 stairs) and has a large living room with fire place, a dining table for 6, and a balcony. The magnificent kitchen is a pleasure to cook in and the dishwasher makes clean-up a snap! The apartment is uniquely designed and has one unique wall closet which spans over the entire length of the apartment and connects the 2 floors. On the second floor the master bedroom has a vide and huge double bed. The second bedroom has two singles. The truly unique and gorgeous bathroom ",,,"No smoking indoors, tough partying or loud music playing. Just be nice and respectful to the apt/building/neighbors and you will have a great time, I guarantee. Cheers, Marv"
