,"• Located in culturally exiting westerpark (nearby the centre) • Light and spacious apartment with self containing aquaria • Quiet house, with all it’s luxury incl. free wifi • XL roof terrace and balcony This fully furnished 2-bedroom apartment is located in Westerpark, one of the most charming neighbourhoods in Amsterdam with plenty of attractions and walking distance from the Jordaan. The apartment is completely renovated, very clean and is equipped with everything you need to make your stay as pleasant as possible. Both bedrooms have a double bed, a closet and airco. One bedroom has a beamer connected to a mac with movies. Plenty of sheets, blankets and pillows available. Bathroom has a bath and separate shower. Towels are included.  2 toilets on separate floors. There are two outside terraces (12 + 30m2) with lots of pillows, a BBQ, fridge and sink! Pictures will speak for themselves ;-) I stay at my girlfriends house which is 10 minutes away, so easy to contact if anything is nec","• Located in culturally exiting westerpark (nearby the centre) • Light and spacious apartment with self containing aquaria • Quiet house, with all it’s luxury incl. free wifi • XL roof terrace and balcony This fully furnished 2-bedroom apartment is located in Westerpark, one of the most charming neighbourhoods in Amsterdam with plenty of attractions and walking distance from the Jordaan. The apartment is completely renovated, very clean and is equipped with everything you need to make your stay as pleasant as possible. Both bedrooms have a double bed, a closet and airco. One bedroom has a beamer connected to a mac with movies. Plenty of sheets, blankets and pillows available. Bathroom has a bath and separate shower. Towels are included.  2 toilets on separate floors. There are two outside terraces (12 + 30m2) with lots of pillows, a BBQ, fridge and sink! Pictures will speak for themselves ;-) I stay at my girlfriends house which is 10 minutes away, so easy to contact if anything is nec",,,
