Big apartment with 3 bedrooms. Perfect for families with kids. Big dining and seperate living room.  10 minutes walk to the city center and 5 minutes to the Westerpark where many activities/culrure events take place. 2 minutes walk you can find a few cafes restaurants and the haven.,The 3rd to 5th floor in the building of 1913 is our Apartment. It's a perfect place for max. 4 adults plus 2 children. The house is child-proof with gates in front of all the stairs.  3rd floor:  -a spacious living room -an open kitchen/dining area with a big dining table -toilet -balcony (enjoy sunny breakfast with fresh air) 4th floor: -2 bedrooms: one with baby bed or 2-persons mattress (1.40m) and one with a double bed (1.80m) -bathroom with toilet & walk-in shower 5th floor: -master bedroom (with two windows enjoying the great view of Amsterdam),Big apartment with 3 bedrooms. Perfect for families with kids. Big dining and seperate living room.  10 minutes walk to the city center and 5 minutes to the Westerpark where many activities/culrure events take place. 2 minutes walk you can find a few cafes restaurants and the haven. The 3rd to 5th floor in the building of 1913 is our Apartment. It's a perfect place for max. 4 adults plus 2 children. The house is child-proof with gates in front of all the stairs.  3rd floor:  -a spacious living room -an open kitchen/dining area with a big dining table -toilet -balcony (enjoy sunny breakfast with fresh air) 4th floor: -2 bedrooms: one with baby bed or 2-persons mattress (1.40m) and one with a double bed (1.80m) -bathroom with toilet & walk-in shower 5th floor: -master bedroom (with two windows enjoying the great view of Amsterdam) The whole apartment is yours! There is free Wifi available in the whole apartment. Upon arrival there will be tasty things in the fridge for your breakfast. Pa,"Cafes, supermarkets, (film) theatres, children's playgrounds and a park are all just around the corner. In the main street and in the park area you can already find many restaurants.  The museum 'Het Schip', located within 3 minutes, tells the story of the amsterdammers' life back in the 20's century. Its building presents the architect style of 'Amsterdamse school' which has inspired the Dutch designers.","10 minutes to the city centre by bus. There you can reach the canals, Dam Square, the Van Gogh Museum, the National Museum(Rijksmuseum), the Flower Market and China Town.  You can also take a free ferry to visit the Film Museum (Eye) and enjoy the view on the water.  There are a few nice cafes, Bagels & Beans, a few lovely restaurants, 2 supermarkets, take-away restaurants, snacks shops, beauty-salon etc. on the Spaarndanmerstraat(1 minute walk).",Smoking is prohibited. You can find more information about your comfortable stay in the apartment.
