"Enjoy Amsterdam at it's finest from this spacious loft in a former monastry, perfect for families. The loft is located in the popular area called The Pijp, close to the the famous Albert Cuyp Market, but offers a silent retreat from the city's buzz. Especially our private garden where children can safely play around is just amazingly calm.  The loft is within walking distance of many bars, restaurants and the Museum District. Read along for more information on this hidden gem!","This beautiful and modern trendy loft apartment (180m2) is situated in the garden house of a former monastry. The living area is very spacious with high ceilings and entrance to the large, quiet, private garden. Situated in the green of the garden is the garden room with a separate seating. The livingroom also consists of an open kitchen and large diningtable, perfect for spending some quality time together. Upstairs you will find three bedrooms with each a double bed.  Please note: in accordance with local laws this loft is only available for a maximum of four adults!","Enjoy Amsterdam at it's finest from this spacious loft in a former monastry, perfect for families. The loft is located in the popular area called The Pijp, close to the the famous Albert Cuyp Market, but offers a silent retreat from the city's buzz. Especially our private garden where children can safely play around is just amazingly calm.  The loft is within walking distance of many bars, restaurants and the Museum District. Read along for more information on this hidden gem! This beautiful and modern trendy loft apartment (180m2) is situated in the garden house of a former monastry. The living area is very spacious with high ceilings and entrance to the large, quiet, private garden. Situated in the green of the garden is the garden room with a separate seating. The livingroom also consists of an open kitchen and large diningtable, perfect for spending some quality time together. Upstairs you will find three bedrooms with each a double bed.  Please note: in accordance with local laws ","The apartment is in the bohemian neighbourhood ""De Pijp"", only 10 minutes walk from the museum area with the ""Van Gogh museum"", ""Rijksmuseum"" and ""Stedelijk museum"". If you like to explore Amsterdam with children, this is the place to be.",Getting around is easy as the apartment is located in a colorful and popular area. Most spots are within walking distance. Of course you can also rent a bike and travel around like locals do.  Prefer public transportation? There is a tramstop (Tram 12) 50 meters from our home which connects you with the rest of the city.,Niet roken binnen. Buiten geen wiet roken. Geen Huisdieren No smoking inside. Oustside no smoking of weed (pot) No Pets
