,"A spacious house (4 floors), that can accommodate four people, located in the heart of shopping area ""de Beethovenstraat"" in the best area of Amsterdam. The house was built in the 1930's and is ideal for families who want to stay in a nice and peaceful part of Amsterdam, very near the major attractions. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum are within walking distance. Trams 5 and 24 stop around the corner and bring you just about everywhere (Dam Square, Leidseplein, Albert Cuypmarket, museums) in less than 10 minutes.  There is ample parking space in this area but there are parking costs. The living room with semi-open kitchen is nicely furnished. The kitchen is equipped with dishwasher, oven, microwave and coffee machine. In the living room there is a flatscreen television with four moviechannels. On the first floor there is a bathroom with bathtub and shower and on the second floor a smaller bathroom.   The house has a garden and a roof terrace.  Free wifi. ","A spacious house (4 floors), that can accommodate four people, located in the heart of shopping area ""de Beethovenstraat"" in the best area of Amsterdam. The house was built in the 1930's and is ideal for families who want to stay in a nice and peaceful part of Amsterdam, very near the major attractions. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum are within walking distance. Trams 5 and 24 stop around the corner and bring you just about everywhere (Dam Square, Leidseplein, Albert Cuypmarket, museums) in less than 10 minutes.  There is ample parking space in this area but there are parking costs. The living room with semi-open kitchen is nicely furnished. The kitchen is equipped with dishwasher, oven, microwave and coffee machine. In the living room there is a flatscreen television with four moviechannels. On the first floor there is a bathroom with bathtub and shower and on the second floor a smaller bathroom.   The house has a garden and a roof terrace.  Free wifi. Access to two","Beethovenstraat, with a lot of shops and cafes. Every part of Amsterdam can be reached by tram or bicycle.","Trams 5 and 24 stop around the corner and bring you just about everywhere (Dam Square, Leidseplein, Albert Cuypmarket, museums) in less than 10 minutes",
