Stay in a classical 1918-dikehouse in a pituresque street of Amsterdam (protected cultural area!) and discover this great city!,"Our 3-storey-house, located in a protected historical area of Amsterdam, is build in 1918. We've completely renovated it but kept the beautiful classical features, e.g. stained glass, Art Deco-sinks in all bedrooms, etc. So you will enjoy the typical classic 19th century architecture, yet enjoying all the luxuries of a modern home. The house is a typical dikehouse: opening to the garden there's the spacious modern kitchen, a luxurous bathroom with jacuzzi and walk-in-shower, and separate toilet. On the dike-level/first floor there's the livingroom, with en-suite the study. The livingroom - with pianocorner -features large windows opening to the adjacent greenery.  Also on this level there's the 2nd toilet. 2nd floor: you will find 3 bedrooms, which can accomodate up to 6 people (3 x 2). Bedroom 1: 1 kingsize bed, bedroom 2: 1 double bed (140x200), bedroom 3: 2x single beds (90x200). Shower and 3rd toilet are also on this level. And last but not least there's the rooftop-balcony where y","Stay in a classical 1918-dikehouse in a pituresque street of Amsterdam (protected cultural area!) and discover this great city! Our 3-storey-house, located in a protected historical area of Amsterdam, is build in 1918. We've completely renovated it but kept the beautiful classical features, e.g. stained glass, Art Deco-sinks in all bedrooms, etc. So you will enjoy the typical classic 19th century architecture, yet enjoying all the luxuries of a modern home. The house is a typical dikehouse: opening to the garden there's the spacious modern kitchen, a luxurous bathroom with jacuzzi and walk-in-shower, and separate toilet. On the dike-level/first floor there's the livingroom, with en-suite the study. The livingroom - with pianocorner -features large windows opening to the adjacent greenery.  Also on this level there's the 2nd toilet. 2nd floor: you will find 3 bedrooms, which can accomodate up to 6 people (3 x 2). Bedroom 1: 1 kingsize bed, bedroom 2: 1 double bed (140x200), bedroom 3: 2","Our neighbourhood is a very popular area in Amsterdam: our street is protected historical area, because of the small harbour and traditional wooden houses. It is very green, and yet, you just hop on the free pont and you'll be at central station within 10 minutes!",Public transport within 150m. Public bus to Central Station takes 10 minutes.,"No smoking please! Check-in after 3 PM, check-out before 11 PM Treat it with respect as if it was yours."
