"Spacey 2ppl room with desk, coach and fridge in a colorful house with spacey bathroom Trendy eastern docklands  is a quite and safe neighborhood, with lots of modern architecture. 30min walk to city-center,  10min with bus or tram that has stop on the street corner.","5.5m x 5m Strong Wifi, accessible toilet+bath on same floor,  fridge, desk, easy day and night access  Kitchen is fully equipped with oven/mwave/grill,  coffeemaker  There are little kitties around on the ground floor.","Spacey 2ppl room with desk, coach and fridge in a colorful house with spacey bathroom Trendy eastern docklands  is a quite and safe neighborhood, with lots of modern architecture. 30min walk to city-center,  10min with bus or tram that has stop on the street corner. 5.5m x 5m Strong Wifi, accessible toilet+bath on same floor,  fridge, desk, easy day and night access  Kitchen is fully equipped with oven/mwave/grill,  coffeemaker  There are little kitties around on the ground floor. Our guests have their own (main) front door access and toilet, we are living downstairs but have our own toilet and access. You only share kitchen with us. Love to help you around in the city, and show you the coolest architectural spots close to here. Spoken languages are English, Dutch and a little German. Very open and trendy neighborhood with lots of water , trendy designed buildings and bridges. .Neighborhood is pretty trendy, clean and safe and only 5min. walk from the older neighborhood called ""Indisch","Very open and trendy neighborhood with lots of water , trendy designed buildings and bridges. .Neighborhood is pretty trendy, clean and safe and only 5min. walk from the older neighborhood called ""Indische Buurt"" where you have a daily market (dappermarkt), cheap coffee shops, etc.","There are 3 ways of Public transport: tram 7 (almost endpoint ) tram 26 (2/3 stops from central station) bus 48 ( central station end pt in our street: platform F towards borneoeiland)  bus 65 (down the street) and a night bus (174) from center  after entering the house, there is one stairway to the room",We ask you to always clean the kitchen and place the dirty dishes in the dishwasher
