"This cozy, 1930’s, up to date 75m2 ground floor apartment with a nice garden is just a 3 minute bike-ride from the Vondelpark & 10 minutes from the Museumplein which makes it the perfect quiet, hang-out for a stay in Amsterdam.","Our, two-bedroom city apartment is on the ground floor of a quiet street, with a private garden at the back.  It contains: - comfortable living area - two bedrooms (one double bed and one 4-persons bunkbed) - one bathroom (bath and a spacious rain shower) - separate toilet - kitchen  There is room for 4 adults but is perfect for a family with 1-4 small children. The kitchen is open to the living room and has a table with a couch, 4 chairs, and 2 children chairs, and is fully equipped. (microwave, 2 ovens, 6 gas stove, dishwasher, coffeemaker). Free hi-speed internet is available all thru the apartment. At the back lies our garden, where you can relax after a day out in the town. The garden is perfect to have a BBQ on the Weber or for your children to play at a small slide or the trampoline.","This cozy, 1930’s, up to date 75m2 ground floor apartment with a nice garden is just a 3 minute bike-ride from the Vondelpark & 10 minutes from the Museumplein which makes it the perfect quiet, hang-out for a stay in Amsterdam. Our, two-bedroom city apartment is on the ground floor of a quiet street, with a private garden at the back.  It contains: - comfortable living area - two bedrooms (one double bed and one 4-persons bunkbed) - one bathroom (bath and a spacious rain shower) - separate toilet - kitchen  There is room for 4 adults but is perfect for a family with 1-4 small children. The kitchen is open to the living room and has a table with a couch, 4 chairs, and 2 children chairs, and is fully equipped. (microwave, 2 ovens, 6 gas stove, dishwasher, coffeemaker). Free hi-speed internet is available all thru the apartment. At the back lies our garden, where you can relax after a day out in the town. The garden is perfect to have a BBQ on the Weber or for your children to play at a s","The house is located in a residential neighborhood, on a quiet street. Around the corner you can find: - supermarket - liquor store Ton Overmars (voted best liquor store in the Netherlands) - bakery  - convenience stores. Several nice cafe's and restaurants are within a short walking distance from the house.","I am happy to tell you about my own favorite places or help with any bookings or travel arrangements. Using public transport in Amsterdam is easy. From Schiphol Airport you can arrive via Sloterdijk station within 30-45 minutes, and central station is just one tram ride away (ca. 20 minutes).","NO SMOKING inside, only in the garden."
