"Modern spacious 2-floor apartment next to Vondelpark and near the museum district and Leidse square. 2 large and quiet bedrooms, big dining table and patio. The JP Heijestraat offers many boutiques and little restaurants as well as a tram stop.","Modern spacious 2-floor apartment next to Vondelpark and near the museum district and Leidse square. 2 large and quiet bedrooms, big dining table and patio. The JP Heijestraat offers many boutiques and little restaurants as well as a tram stop. My place is quiet and large. As it is newly renovated I am keen to keep it clean and well maintained. Both beds are hotel quality. It also has an outside terrace. The place is ideal to stay with two couples or for a family with older children. As there are two floors and lots of room it is easy to share space.","Modern spacious 2-floor apartment next to Vondelpark and near the museum district and Leidse square. 2 large and quiet bedrooms, big dining table and patio. The JP Heijestraat offers many boutiques and little restaurants as well as a tram stop. Modern spacious 2-floor apartment next to Vondelpark and near the museum district and Leidse square. 2 large and quiet bedrooms, big dining table and patio. The JP Heijestraat offers many boutiques and little restaurants as well as a tram stop. My place is quiet and large. As it is newly renovated I am keen to keep it clean and well maintained. Both beds are hotel quality. It also has an outside terrace. The place is ideal to stay with two couples or for a family with older children. As there are two floors and lots of room it is easy to share space. My guests are welcome to feel at home. Therefore they have access to all facilities in the house. I am happy to help out my guests in planning their trip. Otherwise I will be available by telephone ",The apartment is located in one of the areas directly surrounding the city's core center. It is a popular neighbourhood of young people. This brings a lot of affordable restaurants and small bars.,"There is a tram stop close-by that goes towards the central train station passing the main canals. Museums, park, entertainment area are all on walking distance (i.e. 1.5 km).",-
