"2 bedrooms family friendly apt on 7th floor (Lift), with view over the whole city next to a park. Main bedroom with 1 queen bed, 2nd bedroom with a single bed which can open to a queen bed. 10 mins bus or bike ride to center, 3 mins to Jordan area, 10 mins Tram to Leidseplein tourist area and museums area.","The apartment is a two bedroom apartment, Family and kids friendly.  Main bedroom with 1 queen bed, 2nd bedroom with a single bed which xan be converted into a double bed. The living room has 42"" flat LED TV with Cable TV, DVD and XBOX 360 with kinect and games. Also Fast internet (150 MB) though the whole apartment (wifi). Kitchen is fully equipped with oven, Fridge, Dishwasher, Toaster, cooking gas and even Nespresso machine. The place has a bathroom with a shower and bathtub as well.","2 bedrooms family friendly apt on 7th floor (Lift), with view over the whole city next to a park. Main bedroom with 1 queen bed, 2nd bedroom with a single bed which can open to a queen bed. 10 mins bus or bike ride to center, 3 mins to Jordan area, 10 mins Tram to Leidseplein tourist area and museums area. The apartment is a two bedroom apartment, Family and kids friendly.  Main bedroom with 1 queen bed, 2nd bedroom with a single bed which xan be converted into a double bed. The living room has 42"" flat LED TV with Cable TV, DVD and XBOX 360 with kinect and games. Also Fast internet (150 MB) though the whole apartment (wifi). Kitchen is fully equipped with oven, Fridge, Dishwasher, Toaster, cooking gas and even Nespresso machine. The place has a bathroom with a shower and bathtub as well. Guest will have access to the whole place beside the wardrobes. We are offering the place in times we are traveling so you will have the house to yourself. A friend or the neighbors will meet you and ","The apartment is located next to the Westergasfabriek and WesterPark. plenty or nearby cafes, pubs and restaurants (also a place to dance in the weekend). The Park is great for running or walking with the kids with playgrounds around and a petting zoo for kids.  The Neighborhood is a relatively new one (the first ECO neighborhood in the Netherlands). Located 3 km from the center. 1.5KM from the famous Jordan area.   5 mins walk you can find the AH supermarket, Pharmacy and more.","Under the building you can find the bus 21 which will take you to the central station (10 mins ride) or the first stop of the Tram 10 which stops in the famous Jordan, Leidseplein, Heineken brewery and more.",
