"This cozy 2 storey apartment is located in the center of Amsterdam, just around the corner of the famous Leidse Square, the canals, the VondelPark and Museum Square.","It's a short tram ride south of Central Station & surrounded by lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs. Everything Amsterdam has to offer in a walking distance from the apartment! The apartment is divided over 2 floors (2nd and 3rd). Beware that there is no elevator in the building, so prepare for some stairs. Amsterdam stairs are very steep. Due to the stairs this apartment is not suitable for people with mobility problems. On the 2nd floor you will find the 2 bedrooms and a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. On the 3rd floor you will find a fully equipped open kitchen with dining table connected to the living room with 32 inch TV and a stereo.  The kitchen has a fridge, dishwasher, microwave/oven, 5 pit stove, Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle. On this floor you will find the second toilet. - the apartment is suitable for 2 guests and it's not allowed to have guests over - towels & bed linen are provided - smoking is allowed - coffee, tea and sugar are complimentary. - loca","This cozy 2 storey apartment is located in the center of Amsterdam, just around the corner of the famous Leidse Square, the canals, the VondelPark and Museum Square. It's a short tram ride south of Central Station & surrounded by lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs. Everything Amsterdam has to offer in a walking distance from the apartment! The apartment is divided over 2 floors (2nd and 3rd). Beware that there is no elevator in the building, so prepare for some stairs. Amsterdam stairs are very steep. Due to the stairs this apartment is not suitable for people with mobility problems. On the 2nd floor you will find the 2 bedrooms and a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. On the 3rd floor you will find a fully equipped open kitchen with dining table connected to the living room with 32 inch TV and a stereo.  The kitchen has a fridge, dishwasher, microwave/oven, 5 pit stove, Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle. On this floor you will find the second toilet. - the apartment is s","The location is very central. It's just a short tram ride south of Central Station & surrounded by lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs.  With ""Leidseplein"" being the nightlife center of the city it can be noisy on the street during the night.","Everything Amsterdam has to offer is in a walking distance from the apartment!  There is a tram stop around the corner (line 2 ), so it's easy to take a tram as well. Central Station is reachable within 10 minutes. Off course the best way to go around Amsterdam is on a bicycle. If you are interested in renting one I can arrange it. Just let me know and I will have them delivered to the apartment.","PLEASE NOTE: it's NOT possible to check in after midnight (don't book if you are landing after 10.30pm) Bare in mind the late check-in fees, to be paid in cash upon arrival;  Arrivals between 17.00 - 21.-00 = €25 Arrivals between 21.00 - midnight = €50"
