"2 Connected rooms in House Boat.  The House Boat is on maximum 20 minutes walking from all major touristic places as Dam square with Royal palace, Anny Frank-, Rijks-, Van Goch-, Stedelijk- and Heineken-museum. You also can use public transport","You rent 2 small connected rooms in a House Boat. The 2 rooms are separated by a door. The front room of 10,5 m2 contains 2 single beds, which are used as 2 sofas round a coffee table. The back room of 6 m2 contains a double bed and a small desk here you also find the bathroom.  We provide once a week clean bed cloth and one towel per person. The rooms are special suited for parents with kids or a two friends couple.","2 Connected rooms in House Boat.  The House Boat is on maximum 20 minutes walking from all major touristic places as Dam square with Royal palace, Anny Frank-, Rijks-, Van Goch-, Stedelijk- and Heineken-museum. You also can use public transport You rent 2 small connected rooms in a House Boat. The 2 rooms are separated by a door. The front room of 10,5 m2 contains 2 single beds, which are used as 2 sofas round a coffee table. The back room of 6 m2 contains a double bed and a small desk here you also find the bathroom.  We provide once a week clean bed cloth and one towel per person. The rooms are special suited for parents with kids or a two friends couple. Private bathroom, fridge, coffee machine, water heater, cookie and microwave After welcome we have only interaction with the guests on request. On walking distance of many bars and restaurants, Anne Frank House, Rijks museum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum, Heineken brewery, Shipping museum, Royal Palace, Wester tower, Dam squ","On walking distance of many bars and restaurants, Anne Frank House, Rijks museum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum, Heineken brewery, Shipping museum, Royal Palace, Wester tower, Dam square, Central Station",Allthough everything is on walking distance you can take one of the many tram or busses which will bring you to Central Station and from there to all location in town.,"In everything you do, please remind not to disturb the neighbors."
