"A glorious reconditioned heritage listed house in one of the most tourist friendly, and locally loved parts of Amsterdam.","This light and airy apartment is part of a protected memorial that took millions and almost a decade to renovate. Just this year, the row of houses were nominated for a national architectural award.  Built in the 1800's, for the brewery workers, it is located on the high part of the dyke (Hoogte Kadijk) and has both back and front windows for all day sunlight. The top story is in a romantic archway and features double bed, ensuite bathroom with bath, toilet and power shower. Waking up here is a treat! The downstairs features a second toilet, balcony overlooking beautiful gardens and a lounge and kitchen. The kitchen is all purpose, and looks out onto the street. A nearby clocktower will remind you of how many hours are left in the day! The lounge holds a stereo for your own music, a fold out Butterfly chair and one of the cosiest sofas by Kartell. This could be a second sleeping area if needed.  Located in a secure and sweet part of Amsterdam, this street features a miniature movie cin","A glorious reconditioned heritage listed house in one of the most tourist friendly, and locally loved parts of Amsterdam. This light and airy apartment is part of a protected memorial that took millions and almost a decade to renovate. Just this year, the row of houses were nominated for a national architectural award.  Built in the 1800's, for the brewery workers, it is located on the high part of the dyke (Hoogte Kadijk) and has both back and front windows for all day sunlight. The top story is in a romantic archway and features double bed, ensuite bathroom with bath, toilet and power shower. Waking up here is a treat! The downstairs features a second toilet, balcony overlooking beautiful gardens and a lounge and kitchen. The kitchen is all purpose, and looks out onto the street. A nearby clocktower will remind you of how many hours are left in the day! The lounge holds a stereo for your own music, a fold out Butterfly chair and one of the cosiest sofas by Kartell. This could be a se",,"Canal boats to the left, bike hire to the right and buses and trams at the end of the street.",Please smoke out on the balcony and please turn down the heating when you're leaving the house. Try and keep the music down at night if you don't mind and do't jump on the couch Tom Cruise styles! That's it! p.s If there is a lack of rain (not likely) then I may ask that you water the plants!
