"Our apartment is perfectly located in central Amsterdam, just a short stroll from Dam Square and Leidse Plein.The B&B enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. Simple, affordable accommodation in central Amsterdam! "," There are two simple guest rooms: a spacious tripleroom (25m2), which has a double and a single bed, and a dining table, and a single room (7m2). This room is equipped with a french bed (1m20 x 2m00) and can be available for two if they don't mind to sleep with two in the french bed. The guest rooms share a bathroom and kitchen, and are both equipped with Wi-Fi, tv and heating. Guests can make use of the microwave, fridge and coffee-maker in the kitchen, although it is not possible to cook. Breakfast is provided on demand (extra cost).","Our apartment is perfectly located in central Amsterdam, just a short stroll from Dam Square and Leidse Plein.The B&B enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. Simple, affordable accommodation in central Amsterdam!   There are two simple guest rooms: a spacious tripleroom (25m2), which has a double and a single bed, and a dining table, and a single room (7m2). This room is equipped with a french bed (1m20 x 2m00) and can be available for two if they don't mind to sleep with two in the french bed. The guest rooms share a bathroom and kitchen, and are both equipped with Wi-Fi, tv and heating. Guests can make use of the microwave, fridge and coffee-maker in the kitchen, although it is not possible to cook. Breakfast is provided on demand (extra cost). The B&B enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. It is within easy walking distance of the Anne Frank House, the van Gogh museum, Prinsengracht canal, the Amsterdam Tulip House, and a host of shops, b","The B&B enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. It is within easy walking distance of the Anne Frank House, the van Gogh museum, Prinsengracht canal, the Amsterdam Tulip House, and a host of shops, bars, galleries, restaurants and cafés. Simple, affordable accommodation in central Amsterdam! ",We are very accessible by public transport. The bus/tram stop is 50 metres away from the B&B. ,"Please respect these rules out of courtesy to other guests and the staff, and to protect the rooms. • Breakfast is served only on request. For any special requirements, please advise the management the evening before. Guest can use the kitchen on base of self-catering. • Guests must check out before 12.00. • Smoking in the rooms is forbidden. Using soft- or harddrugs in the rooms is forbidden. • Guests are required to pay for any damage to the rooms. • Out of respect for the B&B and the other guests, please avoid making noise after 22.00. •Let the kitchen and bathroom tidy after use . • We will not accept any liability for any money or possessions, valuable or otherwise, left behind in the room. • Please do not leave children alone in the room. • If the rules are not obeyed, an immediate check-out will be the result."
