"Cosy clean studio on the 4th floor of a Dutch style mansion. A throwstone from the city Zoo, the Amstel and Rembrandt Square. Excellent place to chill, close to the vibrant city centre of Amsterdam.","- Living room with open kitchen and seperate bedroom and bathroom. - Fully furnished and well decorated. - TV, radio and DVD-player present. - All spaces clean and comfortable. - Apartment is on the top floor of an old Amsterdam mansion, which gives you a stunning view over parcs and the Waterloo Square. - Cosy bedroom in the roof/attic. - Real East Amsterdam neighbourhood, with lots of restaurants and cafes. - The Hermitage, Waterloo Square, Artis Amsterdam Royal Zoo, Rembrandt Square and Hortus Botanicus on walking distance. - 2 Supermarkets around the corner. - Metro Station: 2 minutes walking. - Central Station: 15 minutes walking.","Cosy clean studio on the 4th floor of a Dutch style mansion. A throwstone from the city Zoo, the Amstel and Rembrandt Square. Excellent place to chill, close to the vibrant city centre of Amsterdam. - Living room with open kitchen and seperate bedroom and bathroom. - Fully furnished and well decorated. - TV, radio and DVD-player present. - All spaces clean and comfortable. - Apartment is on the top floor of an old Amsterdam mansion, which gives you a stunning view over parcs and the Waterloo Square. - Cosy bedroom in the roof/attic. - Real East Amsterdam neighbourhood, with lots of restaurants and cafes. - The Hermitage, Waterloo Square, Artis Amsterdam Royal Zoo, Rembrandt Square and Hortus Botanicus on walking distance. - 2 Supermarkets around the corner. - Metro Station: 2 minutes walking. - Central Station: 15 minutes walking. - Internet - Cable TV - Fully equiped kitchen - A double bed - Clean bed sheets and towels - Anything else you need, please ask! - Only toilet is shared with","Quiet beautiful green neighbourhood in university area ('Weesper Plantage'). Easy-going area with some cute little restaurants and cafes and an arthouse cinema. Though still very close to the vibrant city centre with bars, clubs, restaurants, museums, theaters and big cinemas around the corner.","- Metro Station on 2 minutes walking distance: direct metros to Central Station. - There's a direct train from Schiphol Airport to Central Station. - City centre and Dam Square are walkable.  - Central Station is 12 minutes cycling. Bikes for rent from Waterloo Square, on 3 minutes walking distance. - Parking within the Amsterdam ring is expensive. Rather park your car at a P&R or at Diemen-Zuid, and take public transport from there.","- No smoking, drugs and pets allowed.  - Please replace things when you break or lose them."
