"This luxury appartement is located along a canal in the popular neighbourhood Oud-West on a 10 minutes walk distance of het Leidseplein, Amsterdam's main entertainment area, and a 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark, Amsterdam's main and most famous park.","The appartment is spacious, well lit, recently renovated and has a spectacular view over a cosy bridge and the canal in front of it.  3-room appartment with fully equiped kitchen (combi-oven, dishwasher, fresh bean espresso machine), newly renovated bathroom, balcony and courtyard (shared) garden. I only rent out my place when I am out of town, so unfortunately rarely get to meet my guests. However, my girlfriend or one of my friends is always there to welcome the guests, show them around and take care of anything that needs taking care of. In my opinion, Oud-West is the best neighbourhood to live in Amsterdam (and also to stay as a visitor). Its cosy, central, vibrant and non as touristy as the city centre.   Plenty of nice bars, galleries, markets, shops and restaurants around, with new ones opening almost weekly . This is reflected by the fact that Oud-West is currently the most wanted neighbourhood to live for 20 -35 yo in whole of the Netherlands.   Trams 1 and 17 both stop around","This luxury appartement is located along a canal in the popular neighbourhood Oud-West on a 10 minutes walk distance of het Leidseplein, Amsterdam's main entertainment area, and a 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark, Amsterdam's main and most famous park. The appartment is spacious, well lit, recently renovated and has a spectacular view over a cosy bridge and the canal in front of it.  3-room appartment with fully equiped kitchen (combi-oven, dishwasher, fresh bean espresso machine), newly renovated bathroom, balcony and courtyard (shared) garden. I only rent out my place when I am out of town, so unfortunately rarely get to meet my guests. However, my girlfriend or one of my friends is always there to welcome the guests, show them around and take care of anything that needs taking care of. In my opinion, Oud-West is the best neighbourhood to live in Amsterdam (and also to stay as a visitor). Its cosy, central, vibrant and non as touristy as the city centre.   Plenty of nice bars, galleri",,,
