"Very neat and complete typical Amsterdam appartment, 3 rooms. Near CENTRE, cosy pubs and terras. Confortable boxspring bed (new), with opening doors. Awesome tree and water view, quite area, parking in front of door, dishwasher! And spacy rooms, fully furnished ofcourse with flat screen TV, fast wireless internet and true coffee in the morning :) Enjoy your stay...!","Very neat, typical 3 room Amsterdam appartment. Near CENTRE. Perfect confortable boxspring bed (new) with opening doors to the balcony. Awesome green view (front and back!) , quite area, parking in front of door, very spacy and clean living area with Flat screen smart TV, fast wireless internet, cosy couch and tique wooden dining table. with banana plants that i would like you to give water once in a while. Dishwasher in stylish kitchen with excelent coffey! :) Enjoy the luxery Life in Amsterdam with supermarket, playground (for kids), Pubs and public transport near by to the city centre (5 min).","Very neat and complete typical Amsterdam appartment, 3 rooms. Near CENTRE, cosy pubs and terras. Confortable boxspring bed (new), with opening doors. Awesome tree and water view, quite area, parking in front of door, dishwasher! And spacy rooms, fully furnished ofcourse with flat screen TV, fast wireless internet and true coffee in the morning :) Enjoy your stay...! Very neat, typical 3 room Amsterdam appartment. Near CENTRE. Perfect confortable boxspring bed (new) with opening doors to the balcony. Awesome green view (front and back!) , quite area, parking in front of door, very spacy and clean living area with Flat screen smart TV, fast wireless internet, cosy couch and tique wooden dining table. with banana plants that i would like you to give water once in a while. Dishwasher in stylish kitchen with excelent coffey! :) Enjoy the luxery Life in Amsterdam with supermarket, playground (for kids), Pubs and public transport near by to the city centre (5 min). FAST wifi internet, smart t","Walk around Amsterdam Baarjes! You'll love it. It's a very nice neighbourhood with supermarket, playground (for kids), and enjoy the cosy pubs and sunny terras nearby (2 min walk). Public transport (trams /Busses, 2 min walk) and in 5 min to the city centre",public transport near by to the city centre (5 min). Schiphol (20 min),"Respect for you and you for my place, no party's, no pets, smoking on the balcony. Enjoy and feel home."
