"No parties/drugs in the house, please respect our neighbors. Our apartment is perfect for a family with children! Children 4 years and younger pay 50% This beautiful apartment is located in the nice neighborhood de Baarsjes. With many cafes, restaurants and shops within walking distance. From Amsterdam CS it is less than 15 minutes by tram (line 13 and 17). Public transport stops at the end of the street. Also on the Kinkerstraat several trams go towards the center.","This apartment is located in the beautiful neighbourhood De Baarsjes in Amsterdam! it is available for 2 to 4 persons.  New bars, cafes and restaurants are opening monthly. A lot of artists are beginning gallery’s as well and you will find the surrounding area lively and relaxing. From Amsterdam central station you will be at the apartment in 15 minutes. (trams 13 and 17) Travel time from the airport is just 20 minutes by taxi. The apartment is between de Kinkerstraat and de Clerqustraat, 2 streets full of different shops, bars and restaurants. The Vondelpark is a 10 minute walk from the apartment. The Anne Frank House is 15 minute’s walk or take the direct tram at the end of the street.  Direct tramlines ( 13-17-7-1) to every main touristic point you need to be ( Dam square, the palace, Leidseplein, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Van Gogh museum) stop at the end of the street and are all under 10 minutes away. The apartment is on the 1st floor, there are 2 bedrooms, 1 master bedroom a","No parties/drugs in the house, please respect our neighbors. Our apartment is perfect for a family with children! Children 4 years and younger pay 50% This beautiful apartment is located in the nice neighborhood de Baarsjes. With many cafes, restaurants and shops within walking distance. From Amsterdam CS it is less than 15 minutes by tram (line 13 and 17). Public transport stops at the end of the street. Also on the Kinkerstraat several trams go towards the center. This apartment is located in the beautiful neighbourhood De Baarsjes in Amsterdam! it is available for 2 to 4 persons.  New bars, cafes and restaurants are opening monthly. A lot of artists are beginning gallery’s as well and you will find the surrounding area lively and relaxing. From Amsterdam central station you will be at the apartment in 15 minutes. (trams 13 and 17) Travel time from the airport is just 20 minutes by taxi. The apartment is between de Kinkerstraat and de Clerqustraat, 2 streets full of different shops, ","De Baarsjes is erg aan het vernieuwen er bevinden zich veel winkels, cafe's, bistro's en pop-up stores. Daardoor is de buurt erg vernieuwend. Ook de Foodhallen zijn op loopafstand.  Ook voor kleine kinderen is er veel te doen, er zijn veel speeltuinen en er is een kleine kinderboerderij op 5 minuten lopen van ons huis.","Er zijn verschillende trams in de buurt die richting het centrum, Museumplein of Schiphol rijden. Ook is er een markt waar je fruit, groente, brood etc. kan kopen en er zijn verschillende supermarkten dichtbij ons huis.",
