Nice lively but quiet local neighbourhood! The area is very popular with lots of bars and restaurants.,"Nice renovated 3 room apartment (44 m2) with balcony (and sun in the afternoon!) in Amsterdam-Oost. There are two small bedrooms with a 2-person bed and a 2 person matrass. You can use the whole apartment (living room, bathroom, balcony and kitchen). The rooms are all clean and very light.  You can use my bed linen, blankets and towels. I have a television, radio and wireless internet. For if you need to do you laundry, I have a washing machine in the kitchen. Important to know is that I have a cat. She is very friendly and won't break your stuff. The apartment is situated in the eastern part of Amsterdam and is on the third floor. All necessary facilities are present. There are many small grocery stores and bars/restaurants around and there is a cinema around the corner (Studio K). There are good public transportation connections (bus, tram and train) to the the city center. Also the central station is easy to reach. There is a place to rent bikes nearby. It takes you 10/15 minutes to","Nice lively but quiet local neighbourhood! The area is very popular with lots of bars and restaurants. Nice renovated 3 room apartment (44 m2) with balcony (and sun in the afternoon!) in Amsterdam-Oost. There are two small bedrooms with a 2-person bed and a 2 person matrass. You can use the whole apartment (living room, bathroom, balcony and kitchen). The rooms are all clean and very light.  You can use my bed linen, blankets and towels. I have a television, radio and wireless internet. For if you need to do you laundry, I have a washing machine in the kitchen. Important to know is that I have a cat. She is very friendly and won't break your stuff. The apartment is situated in the eastern part of Amsterdam and is on the third floor. All necessary facilities are present. There are many small grocery stores and bars/restaurants around and there is a cinema around the corner (Studio K). There are good public transportation connections (bus, tram and train) to the the city center. Also the","Very mixed neighborhood close to a lot of grocery stores, restaurants and coffee bars.","Very close to bus, tram and train stations.","- All the facilties in the house can be used - No smoking in the house (you can smoke on the balcony) - No big parties - No loud music after 23.00 - only 18+ - children with parents is no problem - I have a cat, you have to feed her (she is very friendly) - Please treat my house with respect :)"
