"Ons gezellige huis in Amsterdam Oud-West is uniek. Het is rommelig, niet af, vol met spullen en zeker niet spik en span schoon. Wel biedt het veel ruimte, midden in Amsterdam, direct achter De Hallen en ideaal voor een stel met kinderen! Er zijn 3 kinderbedjes extra.","A lot of space in the heart of a lovely, lively area in Amsterdam. Just behind the Foodhallen and 5 min away from the Vondelpark. The house is all 4 floors above a clothing shop. Living room with open kitchen. Roof terrace on 1st floor. Bedrooms on 3rd floor and quiet sleeping on the top floor as well. Plenty, plenty of space!","Ons gezellige huis in Amsterdam Oud-West is uniek. Het is rommelig, niet af, vol met spullen en zeker niet spik en span schoon. Wel biedt het veel ruimte, midden in Amsterdam, direct achter De Hallen en ideaal voor een stel met kinderen! Er zijn 3 kinderbedjes extra. A lot of space in the heart of a lovely, lively area in Amsterdam. Just behind the Foodhallen and 5 min away from the Vondelpark. The house is all 4 floors above a clothing shop. Living room with open kitchen. Roof terrace on 1st floor. Bedrooms on 3rd floor and quiet sleeping on the top floor as well. Plenty, plenty of space! Access to the whole house for the guests. Basically when are house is available for you we are away.  Since we are fixing our house slowly, currently the second floor is being redone with a new bathroom. So that is not too interesting to visit. As much as wished for. I am very happy to help you prepare your trip and give recommendations for the city. Overal gezellige koffietentjes in de straat. Handi","Overal gezellige koffietentjes in de straat. Handige winkels op loopafstand zoals supermarkt en drogisterij. Ten Kate markt met vers fruit, groente, bloemen, noten etc om de hoek",Tram 7 en 17 a few meters away from the house. These bring you to station Lelylaan where you can take a train to Schiphol or the tram can take you in the city to Dam or Centraal Station. Very practical,"Alsof ze thuis zijn. Met respect voor alle spullen in huis. No-smoking! Eten alleen aan de eettafel, we zijn trots dat we geen muizen in huis hebben."
