"The apartment is a modern five bedroom apartment with large (55 m2) living/dining room with Yamaha U1 piano. Sleeping up to twelve, the apartment is perfect for big groups and families. The location is very close to Museum Square.","The Adam apartment is a modern five bedroom apartment with large (55 m2) living/dining room with Yamaha U1 piano. Sleeping up to twelve, the apartment is perfect for big groups and families. The location is close to Museum Square and is within walking distance of the city center.   This apartment is situated on the first two floors. The living room downstairs is bright and spacious. There is a large table capable of seating twelve. The kitchen is fully equipped with an (microwave) oven, dishwasher, coffee-maker, Nespresso and other essential electrical appliances and kitchenware. The first and second bedroom have double beds. The third, fourth and fifth bedroom all have bunk beds. The bathroom is equipped with a bath, separate shower and two vanities. A garden (not accessible) is behind the house. This apartment is ideal for large groups/families. It also has a small business centre: wired + wireless Internet, color laserprinter, scanner, laminator, shredder. RAI and WTC are within 5 m","The apartment is a modern five bedroom apartment with large (55 m2) living/dining room with Yamaha U1 piano. Sleeping up to twelve, the apartment is perfect for big groups and families. The location is very close to Museum Square. The Adam apartment is a modern five bedroom apartment with large (55 m2) living/dining room with Yamaha U1 piano. Sleeping up to twelve, the apartment is perfect for big groups and families. The location is close to Museum Square and is within walking distance of the city center.   This apartment is situated on the first two floors. The living room downstairs is bright and spacious. There is a large table capable of seating twelve. The kitchen is fully equipped with an (microwave) oven, dishwasher, coffee-maker, Nespresso and other essential electrical appliances and kitchenware. The first and second bedroom have double beds. The third, fourth and fifth bedroom all have bunk beds. The bathroom is equipped with a bath, separate shower and two vanities. A garde",,,"All towels, bed linens and sheets will be provided for all the guests that stay here. There is a convenient garage to park your car for 8 euros a day called P&R (park and ride). Around the corner is a big supermarket (mon-sun 8:00 - 22:00) and a nice shopping street with also good restaurants and cafes. I'm flexible on arrivals and departure. Accidents do happen! Please just tell me asap and I can rectify any problems/breakages for you, and the next guests."
