5 BR contemporary apartment on a beautiful canal in Amsterdam City Centre. Very quite neighbourhood with major sights only steps away.,"5 BR contemporary apartment on a beautiful canal in Amsterdam City Centre. Very quite neighbourhood with major sights only steps away. This house has been renovated completely in 2005 and 2012. In the old days it was used as a shop, with the people living in the rear part of the building. The entrance is now a library with a 4 meter high bookshelf. Behind the entrance there is the main floor, with dining room, living room and contemporary kitchen (microwave, dishwasher, stove). On the same floor is a washing machine (no dryer) and a powder room (wall mount toilet). On the second floor is the master bedroom (queen size mattress), a study and a guest room which is also used as play room (with TV and sofa bed). On this floor there is also a powder room (wall mount toilet) and a very nice bathroom with bathtub, 2 wall mount sinks, and a separate shower. The third floor has 3 bedrooms, and there is a second beautiful bathroom with separate shower, bath and toilet. The garden is big for Amst","5 BR contemporary apartment on a beautiful canal in Amsterdam City Centre. Very quite neighbourhood with major sights only steps away. 5 BR contemporary apartment on a beautiful canal in Amsterdam City Centre. Very quite neighbourhood with major sights only steps away. This house has been renovated completely in 2005 and 2012. In the old days it was used as a shop, with the people living in the rear part of the building. The entrance is now a library with a 4 meter high bookshelf. Behind the entrance there is the main floor, with dining room, living room and contemporary kitchen (microwave, dishwasher, stove). On the same floor is a washing machine (no dryer) and a powder room (wall mount toilet). On the second floor is the master bedroom (queen size mattress), a study and a guest room which is also used as play room (with TV and sofa bed). On this floor there is also a powder room (wall mount toilet) and a very nice bathroom with bathtub, 2 wall mount sinks, and a separate shower. The",,,Please treat this house as you would treat your own house. Only families.
