"Experience true authenticity in Amsterdam! Our 'gezellig' family home of 275m2 located in the Helmersbuurt offers a truly great place to stay and explore Amsterdam. Our home is ideal for a (large)family. With 6 bedrooms, 4 toilets, 3 showers and 2 baths there's plenty of space for everyone. Enjoy a drink in the garden while your kids are playing in their own private playground. Imagine sipping a glass of wine in the evening sun while looking out over the city form your private roof terrace....","3.000 square foot (275 square meter) recently renovated family home in the Helmersbuurt in Amsterdam. Close to the Vondelpark and the Centre of town. A supermarket around the corner and a lot of nice restaurants and shops around the corner.  Our ground floor has a cosy living room with a working fireplace, a dining room with a three meter table, and a fully equipped open kitchen with island seating. Doors open up to our garden with a slide and playhouse for children.  We have 3 bedrooms each with double beds, 1 bedroom with a single bed, 1 bedroom with a bunkbed (standard single bed) and a single bed, and 1 bedroom with high bed (standard single bed) and a junior bed. Our home sleeps 6 adults and 4 kids comfortably.  4 WCs (toilets), 3 showers and 2 baths.  There is also a laundry room and access to our roof terrace and sunroom. In addition to the use of two bicycles, we have children's toys,  English & Dutch books for all ages, and a piano.","Experience true authenticity in Amsterdam! Our 'gezellig' family home of 275m2 located in the Helmersbuurt offers a truly great place to stay and explore Amsterdam. Our home is ideal for a (large)family. With 6 bedrooms, 4 toilets, 3 showers and 2 baths there's plenty of space for everyone. Enjoy a drink in the garden while your kids are playing in their own private playground. Imagine sipping a glass of wine in the evening sun while looking out over the city form your private roof terrace.... 3.000 square foot (275 square meter) recently renovated family home in the Helmersbuurt in Amsterdam. Close to the Vondelpark and the Centre of town. A supermarket around the corner and a lot of nice restaurants and shops around the corner.  Our ground floor has a cosy living room with a working fireplace, a dining room with a three meter table, and a fully equipped open kitchen with island seating. Doors open up to our garden with a slide and playhouse for children.  We have 3 bedrooms each with","Situated in popular Helmersbuurt area of Amsterdam, full of nice bars, restaurants and shops.  Close to the Vondelpark, the Jordaan, The Negen Straatjes (the Nine Streets), Leidseplein (with bars, cinemas and theater and Paradiso concert venue). The Museumplein, van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk are a short walk away. Also within walking distance you will find the P.C. Hooftstraat, with all the big fashion and design brand stores, and Coster Diamonds center.","You can explore Amsterdam by foot, rent a bike (or use ours!), or take public transportation. Several tram lines (1, 3, 12) stop close by. All major car hire companies within walking distance. Perfect public transport connection with airport, less than 30 minutes door to door. ",We expect our guests to respect our home and to be mindful of our neighbors.  No smoking and no pets.  The biggest house rule is to leave our home having enjoyed Amsterdam!
