"My apartment is spacious, clean and openly designed. It is located in the upcoming ""Rijnbuurt"" district in Amsterdam South. This neighborhood is increasingly more popular under business people or young starters who work in Amsterdam South near the RAI. My place is therefore ideal for people who visit Amsterdam for conventions or other business.  The city centre is easily reachable by tramline 4 on the ""Rooseveltlaan"". Overall I'm sure that you'll have a great stay in Amsterdam & in my apartment",My space is ideal for business travelers or couples who prefer to stay near the RAI convention and near the city centre in a calm neighborhood. My place is fully equipped and nicely decorated. It has everything you need for a short in Amsterdam.,"My apartment is spacious, clean and openly designed. It is located in the upcoming ""Rijnbuurt"" district in Amsterdam South. This neighborhood is increasingly more popular under business people or young starters who work in Amsterdam South near the RAI. My place is therefore ideal for people who visit Amsterdam for conventions or other business.  The city centre is easily reachable by tramline 4 on the ""Rooseveltlaan"". Overall I'm sure that you'll have a great stay in Amsterdam & in my apartment My space is ideal for business travelers or couples who prefer to stay near the RAI convention and near the city centre in a calm neighborhood. My place is fully equipped and nicely decorated. It has everything you need for a short in Amsterdam. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. BnB Assistant will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house. After that you can always call if ","Rijnbuurt features plenty of  Amsterdam School architecture with quite wide lanes and trees. With parks, waterways, connecting ‘green strips’ for bicyclists and even a forest nearby, residents are generally living much ‘greener’ than most other Locals. This area,  easy for basic shopping, is very much more about the ‘home’ than nightlife. You are quite close to the more dynamic neighbourhoods but you will have to use public transport or a bike to get there.","From RAI: Bus 62 to bus stop President Kennedylaan/ Waalstraat, 2min walk. Go to President Kennedylaan on the same side of the road as the bus stop. The 3th street on the left is the Hunzestraat. From Amstelstation: Tram 12 to tram stop Victorieplein, 5min walk. Go south to the Rijnstraat. Go the 3th street to the right (where the  supermarkets 'Deen' and 'Albert Heijn' are) into the Uiterwaardenstraat and then the 2nd street on the left is the Hunzestraat. From Central station: Tram 4 to tram stop Waalstraat/ Rooseveltlaan, 5 min walk. Go south to the Waalstraat. 2nd street to the left to Uiterwaardenstraat and then the 2nd street to the right is the Hunzestraat.","- Smoking only on the balcony (no drugs). Not inside. - It's forbidden to possess, smoke or use drugs in the apartment. - No extra guests/visitors Violation of any of these rules will result in a loss of the full deposit."
