"Beautiful apartment in Centre, Vondelpark area. Great view, 30m2 roof terrace (!) and authentic Amsterdam feel. Open Kitchen, large bedroom, great Auping bed and near tram towards city centre and Airport. Shops, bars, restaurants walking distance.","Beautiful apartment in Centre with wooden floor and 30m2 roof terrace (!) overviewing the entire city of Amsterdam. Open Kitchen, nice living with view over canal, large bedroom with great Auping bed. Vintage style furniture with typical Amsterdam feel.  ","Beautiful apartment in Centre, Vondelpark area. Great view, 30m2 roof terrace (!) and authentic Amsterdam feel. Open Kitchen, large bedroom, great Auping bed and near tram towards city centre and Airport. Shops, bars, restaurants walking distance. Beautiful apartment in Centre with wooden floor and 30m2 roof terrace (!) overviewing the entire city of Amsterdam. Open Kitchen, nice living with view over canal, large bedroom with great Auping bed. Vintage style furniture with typical Amsterdam feel.   There are fresh towels and freshly made sheets on the bed, also a 4-season luxurious feather blanket. The Vondelpark neighborhood is one of the best in Amsterdam. The park, the restaurants, the people. But I especially like the typical Amsterdam market square at Katenmarkt (2 min from my house) and the new concept stores (fashion, food, coffee) around the corner (Jan Pieter Heyestraat, 1 min walk). It is very easy to reach my house from the airport! Also the train station is very easily reac","The Vondelpark neighborhood is one of the best in Amsterdam. The park, the restaurants, the people. But I especially like the typical Amsterdam market square at Katenmarkt (2 min from my house) and the new concept stores (fashion, food, coffee) around the corner (Jan Pieter Heyestraat, 1 min walk).","It is very easy to reach my house from the airport! Also the train station is very easily reached from my house by tram 1 or 17 (10 minutes) stop at Lelylaan, only 5 minutes by train from Lelylaan to Schiphol Airport. Tram 1 and 17 go around the corner from my house to all the interesting places in the city: Dam square, Leidseplein and Anne Frank House (max 7 minutes by tram). ","I arrange fresh bed sheets and towels for every guest! Please water my plants on the roof terrace now and than, for the rest I trust on your kindness! :)"
