,"We offer a 76 square meter appartment in the east-side of the city-center.  LOCATION Amsterdam-Oost is a 19th century working-class neighbourhood that has become a favourite place amongst students, artist and young professionals. We live very close to the subwaystop 'Wibautstraat', from where you can reach Central Station in 5 minutes. Around the corner is the Oosterpark, a beautiful 19th century park, where you can relax, barbeque, sunbath, run, play tennis or just watch a variety of people. In the summer it host the famous free Amsterdam Roots Festival and the Appelsap Festival.  Our house is just a little walk from the the biggest outdoor market of Amsterdam, the best beer brewery of Amsterdam 't IJ (forget Heineken!), the windmill, the Tropical museum, nightlife hotspots like Trouw, Canvas, Hotel Arena and Studio-K, and of course the beautiful Amstel river that gave Amsterdam her name. Many supermarkets, typcial dutch stores and etnic shops can be found in the neighbourhood. We wil","We offer a 76 square meter appartment in the east-side of the city-center.  LOCATION Amsterdam-Oost is a 19th century working-class neighbourhood that has become a favourite place amongst students, artist and young professionals. We live very close to the subwaystop 'Wibautstraat', from where you can reach Central Station in 5 minutes. Around the corner is the Oosterpark, a beautiful 19th century park, where you can relax, barbeque, sunbath, run, play tennis or just watch a variety of people. In the summer it host the famous free Amsterdam Roots Festival and the Appelsap Festival.  Our house is just a little walk from the the biggest outdoor market of Amsterdam, the best beer brewery of Amsterdam 't IJ (forget Heineken!), the windmill, the Tropical museum, nightlife hotspots like Trouw, Canvas, Hotel Arena and Studio-K, and of course the beautiful Amstel river that gave Amsterdam her name. Many supermarkets, typcial dutch stores and etnic shops can be found in the neighbourhood. We wil",,,
