,"As the title says: it's a triple A apartment! A great place, full of light, spacious and with a nice view! At a good location in Amsterdam. From the airport Schiphol you just take a train for 10 minutes and then a tram for 7 minutes or a quick taxi ride and then you're here already! So perfectly close to the airport and the (touristic) centre of the city. The apartment is west of the centre and a bit west of the beautiful Jordaan area. The Jordaan area is the first area build outside of the canal belt and it's famous for its little streets, many canals, shops, boutiques, typical Dutch pubs & restaurants and of course the famous Anne Frank museum next to the Westerkerk (western church). It takes 15 minutes to walk to the Jordaan and walking to the Dam Square from the apartment would take about 30 minutes, which is a nice walk through the Jordaan and the canal belt, but we don't really talk about ""walking distance"" here, we talk about cycling distance! Do as the Dutch do and go ride your","As the title says: it's a triple A apartment! A great place, full of light, spacious and with a nice view! At a good location in Amsterdam. From the airport Schiphol you just take a train for 10 minutes and then a tram for 7 minutes or a quick taxi ride and then you're here already! So perfectly close to the airport and the (touristic) centre of the city. The apartment is west of the centre and a bit west of the beautiful Jordaan area. The Jordaan area is the first area build outside of the canal belt and it's famous for its little streets, many canals, shops, boutiques, typical Dutch pubs & restaurants and of course the famous Anne Frank museum next to the Westerkerk (western church). It takes 15 minutes to walk to the Jordaan and walking to the Dam Square from the apartment would take about 30 minutes, which is a nice walk through the Jordaan and the canal belt, but we don't really talk about ""walking distance"" here, we talk about cycling distance! Do as the Dutch do and go ride your","I love that this neighborhood is close to the center yet just outside of it so you can find the localness and regularness of a typical Amsterdam neighborhood, with its  Amsterdammers filled local shops, restaurants and cafe's. So the local Amsterdam experience is right outside the door but if you want to experience the old center of Amsterdam with all of its tourist attractions then you walk for lass than 1 minute, hop in a tram or bus and a few minutes later you're at the heart of the city: the dam square. Or another tram takes you to the museum square when you're ready to see the astonishing works of Van Gogh or the extensive collection of the Rijksmuseum. Prefer to walk around in the scenic Jordaan neighborhood? Then don't even bother taking a tram or bus, just have a nice stroll eastwards and before you know it you're walking along the small picturesque canals of the Jordaan.","very convenient public transport, busses and trams just a minute walk away from the apartment. ","The most important rules is: Do not bother or disturb the neighors whatsoever. This means whenever you're near the apartment or going upstairs or downstairs, avoid making any noise and whisper untill you're inside the apartment. I've received some complaints in the past and i will not let this happen again. So: be well behaved, don't make loud noise inside of the building and apartment, keep the sound to a minimum, keep the place tidy, so clean after yourself.  NO fire inside of the house (smoking is okay as long as you keep the windows open for fresh air, don't smoke in bed though!).  If you use the heater, turn it off when you leave the apartment! This is very important to assure safety. Same as with the lights, turn them off when you leave the apartment.  Be careful but despite of that If something breaks somehow or there's any other issue, just let me know right away so i can help out.  So we should also be able to keep good communication, we should always be able to call or messag"
