"Very cosy apartment on the 1st floor in the popular neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. The pijp is known as a trendy area, it feels like a little village in the city. Great restaurants, the most famous market and lots of trendy bars are just around the corner.","The apartment itself is a great way to stay with two people. It is a 65 square meter apartment. Cozy living room in the same area a convenient kitchen  In the bathroom a bubblebath, shower and two sinks. One bedroom, with flatscreen, double bed. Their is a flatscreen in the livingroom and in the bedroom. Possibility to use washing machine & dryer, nespresso machine, bubble bath and dishwasher included.The apartment is fully at your disposal. I will be at the apartment at the time of your arrival, to show you around and give the keys. The Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk Museum and very nice to visit: The Heineken Brewery (just around the corner). It will take about 10 minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You will also be able to take the tram, stops are only a two minutes walk from the apartme","Very cosy apartment on the 1st floor in the popular neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. The pijp is known as a trendy area, it feels like a little village in the city. Great restaurants, the most famous market and lots of trendy bars are just around the corner. The apartment itself is a great way to stay with two people. It is a 65 square meter apartment. Cozy living room in the same area a convenient kitchen  In the bathroom a bubblebath, shower and two sinks. One bedroom, with flatscreen, double bed. Their is a flatscreen in the livingroom and in the bedroom. Possibility to use washing machine & dryer, nespresso machine, bubble bath and dishwasher included.The apartment is fully at your disposal. I will be at the apartment at the time of your arrival, to show you around and give the keys. The Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, the ","The Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk Museum and very nice to visit: The Heineken Brewery (just around the corner).","It will take about 10 minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You will also be able to take the tram, stops are only a two minutes walk from the apartment. De Pijp is also known for it's shops, nice bars and trendy restaurants. The Sarphatipark and the Vondelpark are just around the corner.","We love to show you round. We are always at your disposal with questions, in order to ensure that you have the best time ever in Amsterdam!"
