"Cat Lovers! Fantastic apartment seeking lovely, respectful guests for good times and more. This apartment doesn't like long walks on the beach but the Amstel River is just minutes away if you do! Oh, and there's a 2 person Jacuzzi bathtub.","Calling all cat lovers! This apartment is perfect for a romantic get-away or a few friends enjoying some chilled out time in the Dam. It does come with 2 cats that need feeding and kitty litter management so if you aren't familiar with cats, it is probably best to take advantage of some of Amsterdam's other great Air BnB offerings!  There is one functioning bedroom and a small spare room which has the washer, dryer and cat stuff in. The master bedroom is just that - MASTER. TempurPedic mattress to die for!  I think the crowning glory of this flat is the bathroom. It is equipped with a 2 person jacuzzi bath, heated floors and it also has a television where you can play a show or movie from USB.  A comfortable living room and a sleek kitchen come free of charge. ;)","Cat Lovers! Fantastic apartment seeking lovely, respectful guests for good times and more. This apartment doesn't like long walks on the beach but the Amstel River is just minutes away if you do! Oh, and there's a 2 person Jacuzzi bathtub. Calling all cat lovers! This apartment is perfect for a romantic get-away or a few friends enjoying some chilled out time in the Dam. It does come with 2 cats that need feeding and kitty litter management so if you aren't familiar with cats, it is probably best to take advantage of some of Amsterdam's other great Air BnB offerings!  There is one functioning bedroom and a small spare room which has the washer, dryer and cat stuff in. The master bedroom is just that - MASTER. TempurPedic mattress to die for!  I think the crowning glory of this flat is the bathroom. It is equipped with a 2 person jacuzzi bath, heated floors and it also has a television where you can play a show or movie from USB.  A comfortable living room and a sleek kitchen come free ","What is perfect about my neighbourhood is that it's REAL Amsterdam. People are nicer, the service is better and you don't have to worry about stepping in, ahem, tourist mishaps. There are some great restaurants and cool shops nearby and if you do want to hit the centre, a tram right into the centre runs right past the flat! If you feel like Dutching-it-up, there's a bike rental place across the street!",Tram 4 is right outside the flat!,No smoking indoors.  Please keep things to a respectable volume (I have neighbours I need to keep happy!)  Feed the cats once in the morning and once in the evening Clean kitty litter boxes 1x per day
