Super cosy apartment located in the Pijp (2 min walk from Heineken experience) with the GARDEN!  If you want to experience crazy parties/ visit museums/ parks/ markets/ do shopping - all is possible just in 5 min walking distance from the apartment.,"Hi, Welcome to Our Home!  We are recently married couple who like to share our super cozy apartment with friendly travelers like we are ☺ I am a professional in banking and my husband works as a lawyer. We live in the house just two of us but it could easily accommodate 4 people as we have 2 comfortable double beds in separate rooms.   Our house is cozy and comfortable for 4 people and has a magnificent garden where you can hear many birds singing all day and can make lovely BBQ. The location of the house is great! It is quiet and very central at the same time. Just a 3 minutes walk to the famous Albert Cuypt Market, many bars, small shops and restaurants or 10 minutes stroll to the center of the city. Our goal is to make you feel at home so you can fully enjoy your stay in Amsterdam! It is also our own experience that staying in a house of locals can make your trip much more memorable and relaxed. We will take care that our house is clean and comfortable with enough towels and fresh m","Super cosy apartment located in the Pijp (2 min walk from Heineken experience) with the GARDEN!  If you want to experience crazy parties/ visit museums/ parks/ markets/ do shopping - all is possible just in 5 min walking distance from the apartment. Hi, Welcome to Our Home!  We are recently married couple who like to share our super cozy apartment with friendly travelers like we are ☺ I am a professional in banking and my husband works as a lawyer. We live in the house just two of us but it could easily accommodate 4 people as we have 2 comfortable double beds in separate rooms.   Our house is cozy and comfortable for 4 people and has a magnificent garden where you can hear many birds singing all day and can make lovely BBQ. The location of the house is great! It is quiet and very central at the same time. Just a 3 minutes walk to the famous Albert Cuypt Market, many bars, small shops and restaurants or 10 minutes stroll to the center of the city. Our goal is to make you feel at home s",The neighbours are friendly and helpful. No complaints just nice chit chats.,The house is super centrally located so you can walk everywhere you want. on the corner is very trendy Albert Cuypt Markt where you can buy the most frech fruits and vegetables and of course experience Dutch culture.,No pets! Smoking just outside please :)
