"This apartment features 3 bedrooms, a gracious living room, the coolest kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet, and 2 balconies . All 100m2 is available for max. 7 guests. It's easy to reach and very close to the centre Amsterdam (15 minutes on bike).","The 100m2 apartment features 3 bedrooms (two with double bed), beds for max. 7 people, a big living room, a red kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet and 2 balconies. Please inform if you like to visit with more than 6 guests. There are extra costs connected to the extra guest. The house is filled with a mixture of industrial & Hungarian furniture. If you like cooking, you will love the red kitchen. We're passionate cooks, so it's fully equipped with a stove, fridge and dishwasher and cooking machines/tools. For you travellers worried about safety, the area is quite safe! The building has a locked entry at street level. The building is quiet, with friendly neighbours, and it's part of an active community for years.","This apartment features 3 bedrooms, a gracious living room, the coolest kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet, and 2 balconies . All 100m2 is available for max. 7 guests. It's easy to reach and very close to the centre Amsterdam (15 minutes on bike). The 100m2 apartment features 3 bedrooms (two with double bed), beds for max. 7 people, a big living room, a red kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet and 2 balconies. Please inform if you like to visit with more than 6 guests. There are extra costs connected to the extra guest. The house is filled with a mixture of industrial & Hungarian furniture. If you like cooking, you will love the red kitchen. We're passionate cooks, so it's fully equipped with a stove, fridge and dishwasher and cooking machines/tools. For you travellers worried about safety, the area is quite safe! The building has a locked entry at street level. The building is quiet, with friendly neighbours, and it's part of an active community for years. Basically the whole apartment is at your","Our apartment is located close to A10 (highway) exit S105. And you’ll find a big supermarket, public swimming-pool, a pharmacy, restaurants very close by as well. ORGANIC FARMERS MARKET ‘S (""boerenmarkt"") held in Amsterdam. - Noordermarkt (Jordaan) - Saturdays 09:00h-16:00h direct bus18 from Mercatoplein  20min. - Nieuwmarkt (Centre) - Saturdays 09:00h-17:00h direct tram from Merkatoplein 35min. - Haarlemmerplein (West) - Wednesdays 10:00h-17:00h direct bus 18 from Mercatoplein 20min PARKS We live close by 3 parks of Amsterdam. Every direction you’ll take to the city on foot or by bike you cross these wonderful green parks. Nature is all around you if you stay in this apartment. In summer you might like to take your meals in the shadow of the tree in Erasmuspark or Westerpark music festivals. To cool off you could swim in the outdoor swimming pool right next to at the Jan van Galenbad on the edge of Rembrantpark. ","BUS & TRAM At bus stop 'Jan van Galenstraat/Hoofdweg' - Tram 7; direct connection to Leidscheplein/Amsterdam night-life (ca. 10-15 min) - Bus 15; direct connection to station Amsterdam Sloterdijk (train goes to the airport from here). At 'Mercatoplein' (6 min walk) you can take a tram to go to Central station -Tram 13; direct connection to station Central Station where you can walk to the main tourist attractions. It's a great starting point for exploring some of the best historical sights of Amsterdam. METRO Just 10 minutes from the house, across the high way, is the subway station 'Jan van Galenstraat'. You can catch line 50 to the South of Amsterdam over there. PARKING: Parking in front of the apartment is safe and easy. It costs €2.40/hour (Mon-Sat 09:00h-24:00h). A day ticket is about €20. Sundays parking is free. In the nearby parking garage of Bosenlommerplein one day parking costs about 13 euro. Special P+R prices for parking at Bosenlommerplein don't work at our address, becau","SMOKING  This is a non smoking house. Smoking on the balcony is fine, but be aware of the neighbours. At night, please do not speak at the balconies. PARTY Party Policy (we do have neighbours, so no music after 22:00 hours)  If the police is called because of neighbours complaining about loud music or drug-use in our apartment then you have to leave immediately. CHECK-IN AND OUT TIME:  Check in is usually around 14:00h, check out around 11.00h, but we’re flexible. Please let us know in advance what works best for you. BEFORE YOU LEAVE: RECYCLE – We try to live in harmony with our environment, please help us to recycle. Please put glass, plastic and metal in the in the kitchen unit, all other garbage in the bin outside of the balcony..  CLEANING  – We expect you to leave the premises the way you found it.  On top of each bed you’ll find clean bed sheets and duvet covers as well as a set of towels. Upon departure please strip the beds and put all your laundry in front of the washing mach"
