"Big and cozy room, with a great view over Amsterdam, be awaken by the singing birds. Go for a run, get some wild berries from the park, or go fishing before heading to the buzz of the city center.","Surrounded by the relaxing green trees, this bright room has a beautiful skyline view over the Amsterdam city center. Situated in a flourishing and vibrant neighborhood with very easy access to both Schiphol Airport (10 mins.by Uber or 12 mins. by IC train) and Central Station(20min). It's a bright and sunny room. A large window looking over the city gives great morning sunshine and a spectacular evening view of the city center.  Room has 1 big single bed. (190x200).","Big and cozy room, with a great view over Amsterdam, be awaken by the singing birds. Go for a run, get some wild berries from the park, or go fishing before heading to the buzz of the city center. Surrounded by the relaxing green trees, this bright room has a beautiful skyline view over the Amsterdam city center. Situated in a flourishing and vibrant neighborhood with very easy access to both Schiphol Airport (10 mins.by Uber or 12 mins. by IC train) and Central Station(20min). It's a bright and sunny room. A large window looking over the city gives great morning sunshine and a spectacular evening view of the city center.  Room has 1 big single bed. (190x200). Obviously you have access to your room as well as the bath- and rest-rooms. You may also make use of the kitchen if you tidy up after yourself. It is possible to do laundry for a fee, but please ask first. The apartment is in the flat building. Outside you can have a barbecue, or a healthy long run through green pads. I am always","As noted, I live among the trees, situated just west of the center of Amsterdam. A quickly flourishing neighborhood full of young people, students and immigrants from all over the world, cool new cafes, restaurants, galleries and shops are popping up here everyday, a rather lively and dynamic part of the city. You can easily stroll or bike into town along the local shopping street, stopping by the the open food kitchens, bars and galleries of the Hallen (an old renovated tram depot)... passing through the Jordaan and the historic canals on your way to many of the sites in the center. Alternatively you could go into town via an almost entirely green (car-free) route... walking/riding along the length of the parks, you exit at the south end, cross the canal, and directly enter the Vondelpark which, at the other end, connects you with the clubs, bars and theaters of Leidseplein, as well as the Museum Square with where you will find the major art museums of Amsterdam. You are situated next","Place is surprisingly well connected with a public transport and rather quick to get to from the airport..  If you are driving, it's 20 minutes from the airport. As for getting around, by far the best way is by bicycle of course. I can rent a standart bike, if you want something extra there are plenty bike rent shops around. There is more than plenty of public transport to everywhere.","You can smoke in the house, but not in your bedroom."
