"Neat private room and luxury bathroom (shared with other guests) The room has four beds with a romantic few over the water. The lovely bathroom is new, big and clean and even has a bath. Architectural area, 12 min. to central station by tram","Neat room on toplocation in Amsterdam, with a private bathroom up to 4 people. On toplocation with architectural houses. Just three minutes walk to the tramstop. By tram within 12 minutes in the center (central station Amsterdam) or take one of the guestbikes for a ride into the center (10 euro a day). Public transportation runs 24 hours from the center to the house, including the nightbus (during the day the tram runs every 6 minutes).  Breakfast, high speed wireless internet, clean sheets and towels are all included. Cars can be parked after prior permission on our property for 10 euro per day per car. Late check-in is no problem, early check-in can be arranged most of the time. Before 11am bags and suitcases can be left behind (just drop off) if check-in is not yet possible. Children are welcome as well, kidfriendly area. Let me know the time you expect to arrive at our place, so I can schedule ourselves to be there :-). We do our best to suite you and to let you have a most pleasan","Neat private room and luxury bathroom (shared with other guests) The room has four beds with a romantic few over the water. The lovely bathroom is new, big and clean and even has a bath. Architectural area, 12 min. to central station by tram Neat room on toplocation in Amsterdam, with a private bathroom up to 4 people. On toplocation with architectural houses. Just three minutes walk to the tramstop. By tram within 12 minutes in the center (central station Amsterdam) or take one of the guestbikes for a ride into the center (10 euro a day). Public transportation runs 24 hours from the center to the house, including the nightbus (during the day the tram runs every 6 minutes).  Breakfast, high speed wireless internet, clean sheets and towels are all included. Cars can be parked after prior permission on our property for 10 euro per day per car. Late check-in is no problem, early check-in can be arranged most of the time. Before 11am bags and suitcases can be left behind (just drop off) if","Architectural area, clean and quiet, but still close to the center, just take the tram (nr 26)or the nightbus (nr 359) at the end of the street, 12 minutes to central station. Exclusive designshop across the street with a lunchroom and restaurant and a unique view on the waterside. Then there is a second (low profile) restaurant in front of the bridge around the corner.  A shopping center with 2 supermarkets, lunchrooms, bakery, restaurants, etc. just one tramstop away or a short walk over one of the bridges.  Young and old love our area since it is spacey, clean, nice waterviews, easy to find and one of the safest places in Amsterdam.","Take the TRAIN from Amsterdam Airport ( Schiphol) to amsterdam central station (about 20 min.) there change to TRAM 26 in the direction of IJburg, get of after 12 min. at the stop named ""Steigereiland"". From the stop make a right U-turn at the trafficlight. Then you are walking on the IJburglaan, in the opposite direction of the tram. The first street on your left is the Pedro de Medinalaan. Number 112 is almost at the end of the street on your left. In total it is less than five minutes walk. Please, PRINT OUT this description OR SAFE it on your smartphone, then it will be very easy to find! By car: drive to the highway circle around Amsterdam (A10), take exit S114. At the traffic light follow direction IJburg. By car: drive to the highway circle around Amsterdam (A10), take exit S114.","1. No smoking, no drugs, no party in or around the house. 2. Stay friendly and positive (like ourselves ;-)) 3. No wearing of shoes in the house to keep it neat. 4. No music, laud talking or slamming doors after 22u. (and keep the doors of the rooms closed). 5. No gathering together in the hallway. 6. Lost keys will be charged with 50 euro (sharing in expenses for a new lock). 7. Not following these houserules will result in guest having to leave without any refunds. 8. Questions can be asked preferably by using (Hidden by Airbnb) . + (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) (Michael) or textmassage + (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) (Faith) 9. Upon arrival we ask ALL THE GUESTS to send a picture of your ID together with your ADDRESS, PHONENUMBER and EMAIL via (Hidden by Airbnb) (+ (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) or email (Email hidden by Airbnb)"
