Enjoy Amsterdam like a local in our light and spacious apartment. With canal view and the Vondelpark in your backyard! Located on the border of popular districts Oud-Zuid and Oud-West. Museum district and Leidseplein are just a 10 min bikeride away!   ,"Our 70 m2 appartment was completely renovated, but still has beautiful original elements. It is equipped with all modern facilities and incredibly light and spacious. The sun streams in the living room all morning; perfect to enjoy your breakfast and coffee while watching the boats passing by on the canal. The bedroom and kitchen are lit up all afternoon until sunset. You will have it all to yourself during your stay. We love interior design and always add new elements to our apartment. These pictures were taken 2 years ago, we think our apartment looks even better now :) Highlights: * From both the bedroom and the kitchen there are double doors leading to the cosy balcony, which overlooks a quiet green garden * Heart of the home is the big living kitchen, equipped with all modern facilities such as a big stove, dishwasher and bean-to-cup machine * The bedroom leads to the modern bathroom with luxury rain shower  * The living room has a huge comfy sofa which you will love!","Enjoy Amsterdam like a local in our light and spacious apartment. With canal view and the Vondelpark in your backyard! Located on the border of popular districts Oud-Zuid and Oud-West. Museum district and Leidseplein are just a 10 min bikeride away!    Our 70 m2 appartment was completely renovated, but still has beautiful original elements. It is equipped with all modern facilities and incredibly light and spacious. The sun streams in the living room all morning; perfect to enjoy your breakfast and coffee while watching the boats passing by on the canal. The bedroom and kitchen are lit up all afternoon until sunset. You will have it all to yourself during your stay. We love interior design and always add new elements to our apartment. These pictures were taken 2 years ago, we think our apartment looks even better now :) Highlights: * From both the bedroom and the kitchen there are double doors leading to the cosy balcony, which overlooks a quiet green garden * Heart of the home is the ","The neighbourhood The apartment is ideally located on the border of popular districts Oud-Zuid and Oud-West. Trendy bars, the best restaurants and cozy cafés are just around the corner. And new hotspots are popping up every week. Please check out at the map below to discover all our favorite places in our neighborhood and the rest of the city.  The neighborhood has a more laid-back atmosphere than the tourist centre, but all the tourist attractions are only a tram or bikeride away. The best thing is that the Vondelpark is located just across the water. In short: a perfect place to experience the city like a local!",Public transport The tram stops just around the corner and runs continuously and directly to the popular tourist areas. The apartment is located nearby the highway A10 and train station Lelylaan. Which has an airport connection to Schiphol within 10 minutes.,
