"On Amsterdam's most beautiful canal by a fantastic organic food market, this airy and private 16th century loft is the perfect weekend getaway for two with a modern industrial kitchen and a luxury bathroom. All just ten minutes walk from Central Station, we call it The Garage.","Beautiful old carriage house with original features combined with modern industrial living. The space is open plan with a huge vintage table for gathering round and eating, a fully equipped stainless steel kitchen and conveniently situated on the upper floor is the comfortable double bed. Opening straight on to Amsterdam's most beautiful canal with your own entrance and just a minute from the markets, this amazing loft is perfect for two adults ready to enjoy and explore the city.","On Amsterdam's most beautiful canal by a fantastic organic food market, this airy and private 16th century loft is the perfect weekend getaway for two with a modern industrial kitchen and a luxury bathroom. All just ten minutes walk from Central Station, we call it The Garage. Beautiful old carriage house with original features combined with modern industrial living. The space is open plan with a huge vintage table for gathering round and eating, a fully equipped stainless steel kitchen and conveniently situated on the upper floor is the comfortable double bed. Opening straight on to Amsterdam's most beautiful canal with your own entrance and just a minute from the markets, this amazing loft is perfect for two adults ready to enjoy and explore the city. The carriage house is private with your own entrance and all yours for a comfortable stay and exploration of Amsterdam. Our living is situated separately at the back of the warehouse via a separate entrance. We travel a lot with work, i","Situated in the Jordaan this is the most beautiful and vibrant area of Amsterdam. Full of restaurants, bars and boutique shops, you will be staying right next to the bustling organic Saturday food market, Noordermarkt, and just minutes from the best apple pie in the city. The famous Anne Frank House is a short walk down the canal.",We are ten minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station. Trains run to Schiphol airport every 15 minutes and taxis to the airport take just 40 minutes. Trams are available to all parts of the city and there are plenty of bike hire shops nearby to do it Dutch style. Uber is very useful here.,"Enjoy yourselves & treat the loft as you would your home. We require no smoking inside or directly outside the building, no parties, pets or noise after 22.00. Help us maintain great neighbour karma - our neighbours are very nice."
