"Our Home is located directly on the Amstel river with great views on all sides, lots of sun and fantastic roof terrace. Our Specious (190m2) family home has two floors (9 rooms), can host 6+ guests with all essential facilities. We love our home.","Excellent location along the river Amstel. Our apartment is a corner house with view on three sides. Apartment is 2nd and 3rd floor with private entrance directly on ground floor. You will have the whole house to your pleasure except the store room. House has in total 9 rooms including the store room. We will be on vacation when you will arrive, but not to worry we will have a friend receive you and explain details and help you if needed. We are Located just outside of the noisy / busy tourist area with Great View to the river. Within few minutes of walking or biking ( Amsterdam Is a bike city, best way to get around ) you can reach all major Tourist attractions, Museums, Restaurants, Bars, Shops and Supermarkets. In 15 mins biking along the river you can reach the most scenic green locations outside the city and old villages along the river. ( if water allows you can even take a swim) From Airport (Schiphol) With taxi: ±15 mins.  ( 35-40 €) With Public transport: ±40 mins.( 7-9 €/ per","Our Home is located directly on the Amstel river with great views on all sides, lots of sun and fantastic roof terrace. Our Specious (190m2) family home has two floors (9 rooms), can host 6+ guests with all essential facilities. We love our home. Excellent location along the river Amstel. Our apartment is a corner house with view on three sides. Apartment is 2nd and 3rd floor with private entrance directly on ground floor. You will have the whole house to your pleasure except the store room. House has in total 9 rooms including the store room. We will be on vacation when you will arrive, but not to worry we will have a friend receive you and explain details and help you if needed. We are Located just outside of the noisy / busy tourist area with Great View to the river. Within few minutes of walking or biking ( Amsterdam Is a bike city, best way to get around ) you can reach all major Tourist attractions, Museums, Restaurants, Bars, Shops and Supermarkets. In 15 mins biking along the r","We are Located just outside of the noisy / busy tourist area with Great View to the river. Within few minutes of walking or biking ( Amsterdam Is a bike city, best way to get around ) you can reach all major Tourist attractions, Museums, Restaurants, Bars, Shops and Supermarkets. In 15 mins biking along the river you can reach the most scenic green locations outside the city and old villages along the river. ( if water allows you can even take a swim)","From Airport (Schiphol) With taxi: ±15 mins.  ( 35-40 €) With Public transport: ±40 mins.( 7-9 €/ person) first Take a train to the Amsterdam Central, Take Tram 4 to Lutmastraat, walk to Amsteldijk. From Central station: Tram 4 to the tram stop Lutmastraat, 5-7 mins walk on the lutmastraat towards the Amsteldijk, the house is located just on the corner of Amsteldijk and Lutmastraat. closest tram/bus station: 5 mins.  closest train/metro station: 12 mins.  closest supermarket, shops, restaurants, bars etc. : 5-10 mins.  closest street market: 10 mins.","We love and enjoy our house, we hope you do too!  We do have our great roof terrace, please do enjoy the great views. We have automatic watering system but in case please do water the plants if needed. We do not allow smoking /soft drugs / hard drugs in the house. We do not allow partying in the house. Please keep the house as clean as possible. Thank you for your understanding."
