"Wonderful light spacious design 1 bedroom apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. In a beautiful quiet side street of the Prinsengracht canal. Great central location for sightseeing, shopping, museums, galleries, cafes, bars, restaurants and much more!","The apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor of a typical Dutch house.  The apartment offers a nice open kitchen fully equipped with all appliances  so you can prepare your own meals: oven, dishwasher and fridge, blender, hot water boiler, and nespresso coffee machine. In the living room you will fnd a comfortable lounge sofa and you will have access to a flatscreen cable tv and wifi is available in the whole apartment. On the 4rd floor there is a bathroom with a comfortable bath, separate shower, toilet and sink. In the light spacious bedroom there is a comfortable bed for 2 and lots of closet space. From the 4rd floor you can access the best part of the apartment - the roof terrace, if you are lucky and the weather is good you can enjoy the sunny  20 sq.m roof terrace overlooking the heart of Amsterdam. Please follow the regular noise hours and respect the neighbours! Smoking is allowed but please near the kitchen and the terrace outside. No pets allowed. Bed linens and towels ","Wonderful light spacious design 1 bedroom apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. In a beautiful quiet side street of the Prinsengracht canal. Great central location for sightseeing, shopping, museums, galleries, cafes, bars, restaurants and much more! The apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor of a typical Dutch house.  The apartment offers a nice open kitchen fully equipped with all appliances  so you can prepare your own meals: oven, dishwasher and fridge, blender, hot water boiler, and nespresso coffee machine. In the living room you will fnd a comfortable lounge sofa and you will have access to a flatscreen cable tv and wifi is available in the whole apartment. On the 4rd floor there is a bathroom with a comfortable bath, separate shower, toilet and sink. In the light spacious bedroom there is a comfortable bed for 2 and lots of closet space. From the 4rd floor you can access the best part of the apartment - the roof terrace, if you are lucky and the weather is good you can e","The apartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam; the Spiegelgracht famous for its antique boutiques and art galleries and the perfect place to stay for those who wants to discover the city; 2 min walk to the RijksMuseum, Stedelijk Musuem, FOAM and the Van Gogh Museum. 5 min. walk to the buzzing Leidseplein, the Vondelpark or Rembrandsplein; 5 min walk to the Heineken Experience, the Flower market. Shopping streets like the Leidsestraat and PC Hoofdstraat are also a 5 min, walk away and you are surrounded by incredible areas like, The Pijp, The Jordaan, The 9 Streets, or the Oud Zuid district with its impressive Museum square. ","There are 2 bicycle rentals places very close by, and public transport hub Leidseplein is a 5 minutes walk: Tram 1, 2, 5, 7 and 10 cross there. Trams 16, 24 and 25 pass Weteringcircuit which is 1 minute away.",Please follow the regular noise hours and respect the neighbours! Smoking is allowed but please near the kitchen window and the terrace outside. No pets allowed.
