"Our spacious one bedroom apartment is the perfect place for a couple to experience Amsterdam!  This 100 year old building is modernly renovated and offers comfort and a killer view on the canals.  Centrally located on a quiet street, you're everywhere within minutes!","Our spacious one bedroom apartment is the perfect place for a couple to experience Amsterdam!  This 100 year old building is modernly renovated and offers comfort and a killer view on the canals.  Centrally located on a quiet street, you're everywhere within minutes! The apartment is located near everything you want to see in Amsterdam, right in the center but on a very quiet street/canal. Many museums are around: The Anne Frank house, the museum district (van Gogh and Rijksmuseum). Also all the great shopping streets/areas like the 9 streets in the Jordaan (voted best shopping area 2011/2012) are just around the corner. On Monday there is the Noordermarkt, a vintage market that is very famous, and on Saturday the organic food market. Apart from that there are lots of nice boutiques, bars and cosy restaurants around and also the 2 main parks: the Wester and vondelpark are just minutes away. ","Our spacious one bedroom apartment is the perfect place for a couple to experience Amsterdam!  This 100 year old building is modernly renovated and offers comfort and a killer view on the canals.  Centrally located on a quiet street, you're everywhere within minutes! Our spacious one bedroom apartment is the perfect place for a couple to experience Amsterdam!  This 100 year old building is modernly renovated and offers comfort and a killer view on the canals.  Centrally located on a quiet street, you're everywhere within minutes! The apartment is located near everything you want to see in Amsterdam, right in the center but on a very quiet street/canal. Many museums are around: The Anne Frank house, the museum district (van Gogh and Rijksmuseum). Also all the great shopping streets/areas like the 9 streets in the Jordaan (voted best shopping area 2011/2012) are just around the corner. On Monday there is the Noordermarkt, a vintage market that is very famous, and on Saturday the organic ","The apartment is located near everything you want to see in Amsterdam, right in the center but on a very quiet street/canal. Many museums are around: The Anne Frank house, the museum district (van Gogh and Rijksmuseum). Also all the great shopping streets/areas like the 9 streets in the Jordaan (voted best shopping area 2011/2012) are just around the corner. On Monday there is the Noordermarkt, a vintage market that is very famous, and on Saturday the organic food market. Apart from that there are lots of nice boutiques, bars and cosy restaurants around and also the 2 main parks: the Wester and vondelpark are just minutes away.",The best way to explore Amsterdam is by bike. There is bike rental just around the corner. The real Amsterdam experience!  Trams and bus-stops near the house will get you everywhere. ,"No smoking inside. There are two balconies where smoking is no problem. Be considered to the neighbors, keep things  a bit quiet after 10pm."
