"Spacious, light & clean apartment with large roof terrace. Near the Jordan and the touristic hotspots, such as the canals and Anne Frank House.  - Ideal for couples who want to discover the beautiful Amsterdam! - Comfortable & large house with a unique personal style (we are two happy globetrotters :-) - Large terrace overlooking a traditional windmill, in the center of Amsterdam! We are very familiar with Amsterdam and happy to assist, just ask!",Spacious two story loft with a fantastic roof terrace! Nearby the Jordan and other touristic hotspots. Close to the canals and the Anne Frank house. Ideal for couples who want to discover the beautiful Amsterdam!,"Spacious, light & clean apartment with large roof terrace. Near the Jordan and the touristic hotspots, such as the canals and Anne Frank House.  - Ideal for couples who want to discover the beautiful Amsterdam! - Comfortable & large house with a unique personal style (we are two happy globetrotters :-) - Large terrace overlooking a traditional windmill, in the center of Amsterdam! We are very familiar with Amsterdam and happy to assist, just ask! Spacious two story loft with a fantastic roof terrace! Nearby the Jordan and other touristic hotspots. Close to the canals and the Anne Frank house. Ideal for couples who want to discover the beautiful Amsterdam! Two floors of an typical Amsterdam apartment on the third and fourth storey. There is no elevator in the building, so take into account to climb some stairs :) The apartment is including one large and beautiful living room with kitchen. There are two bedrooms, one with a large master double bed (180x200) and a bathroom with bath & sho","The Gillis van Ledenberchstraat is near the Hugo de Groot square which has many restaurants & bars and is well connected to the central station (10 min by public transport). If you are looking for great French, typical Dutch or Mediterranean food, you will find it here! Touristic hotspots in the neighborhood: You can find the Jordaan district and the Anne Frank House on walking distance. By bike or public transport you will find the Dam Square, Leidseplein and the beautiful Vondelpark. And the 9 streets: a very nice shopping area, with lovely boutiques amongst the typical Amsterdam canals. The Foodhallen is on walking distance (10 minutes walking). In this beautiful restored old tram shed, you can find an indoor food market which is inspired by the Mercado de San Miguel in Madrid and the Borough Market in London. It's a very popular place for both locals and tourists.","Multiple bus- and tramstops are nearby. Within 10 minutes, central station can be reached. Schiphol airport is only 20 minutes by taxi.",We preferably welcome couples and/or families in our apartment. The third person would be sleeping on an air mattress (in a separate bedroom if needed). Please respect our neighbors :-) - No pets & no smoking. - No organized party's or events.
