"This stunning houseboat offers the unique Amsterdam experience. Located on the lower Amstel, the river that gave Amsterdam her name. Built late 2014. Sunny, well located safe and quiet neighborhood next to canal center, the Pijp and hip East. Easy access to visit other cities due to proximity to train station. Or jump into the Amstel for a swim! Maximum privacy as the whole house & outside are yours exclusively - we will not be there when you are.","Built late 2014 this stunning houseboat (135m2) will offer an experience you will not easily forget. Located uniquely on the Amstel, the river that gave Amsterdam her name.  Light/central/close to stores & restaurants/safe/quiet/easy access/private The boat is our house, so we only rent it out when traveling. We share the boat with my partners kids and Pablo, our cat. If you are hugely allergic, this might be a problem. Of course we keep the house very tidy and clean. Pablo  can stay - which we prefer but for longer stays he can go, really up to you. Of course Pablo is awesome (a big red maine coon rescue cat). Our boats is best suited for couple (we have a king seize bed that comfortably sleeps two but that cannot be separated into two separate beds!). A family with max 2 kids - who sleep in a bunk bed in their own room (additional costs after 2 occupants). However, we have had parties of three stay over - we can discuss, all depends on the group.  The ground floor is comprised of a m","This stunning houseboat offers the unique Amsterdam experience. Located on the lower Amstel, the river that gave Amsterdam her name. Built late 2014. Sunny, well located safe and quiet neighborhood next to canal center, the Pijp and hip East. Easy access to visit other cities due to proximity to train station. Or jump into the Amstel for a swim! Maximum privacy as the whole house & outside are yours exclusively - we will not be there when you are. Built late 2014 this stunning houseboat (135m2) will offer an experience you will not easily forget. Located uniquely on the Amstel, the river that gave Amsterdam her name.  Light/central/close to stores & restaurants/safe/quiet/easy access/private The boat is our house, so we only rent it out when traveling. We share the boat with my partners kids and Pablo, our cat. If you are hugely allergic, this might be a problem. Of course we keep the house very tidy and clean. Pablo  can stay - which we prefer but for longer stays he can go, really up","Note that the 'Rivierenbuurt' - as my neighborhood is called - is still considered to belong the inner area of Amsterdam. Close to the trendy 'Oost' (East) and the 'De Pijp' area. The canal ring ('Jordaan' or 'Centrum') is about 10 to 15 min by public transport.  If you want to visit other cities like Utrecht, Den Haag, Haarlem, Breukelen etc. you can walk within 7 min to the second main train station of Amsterdam.","Train & Metro Its a seven minute walk to Amstel train station (train and metro) from where you can travel to central station Amsterdam (10 min), Schiphol (25 min) or Utrecht and beyond (25 min).  Tram & bus Its a 2 minute walk to buses and trams that will get you to the city center (our better said: the canal ring) in less than 15 minutes. Or just stroll up the Amstel river on a nice day which is a gorgeous walk day or night! (romantic too). The area is very safe, you can walk around at any time day or night without having to worry (not withstanding normal cautious behavior of course).  Parking * Unfortunately I do not have I private parking spot  * However, parking is available around the house (ample of space in a radius of 350 m) but not free. The rate locally is 2,40 euro per hour from 9 am to 9 pm, Monday to Saturday. Parking is outside on the street and can fit anything from a mini's to SUV's.  * Within a 15 min walk you will find a garage which charges 10 euro per day.  Switchpa","Treat my house as you would do your own, and I'll be a happy camper. The place is new, that's why I'm only looking to rent to couples (in every formation!), 2 friends,  business visitors, or families with children above 8.  * Non smoking please, but there is a good outside terrace where you can enjoy your cigarette. * IMPORTANT: the sewerage system is different on a boat. Please do not throw too much toilet paper inside the toilet or any other things than normal paper. Please Please DON'T EVER DISPOSE OF SANITARY TOWELS or other cotton-based hygienic wipes in our toilets. This will cause the sewage-pump to fail, with very serious consequences indeed. Please also notify other guests / children etc about this very important issue. You can put these items in the hygienic-bin beside the toilet.  * Don't take any of the inside furniture outside. I have special furniture for outside and please only use these.  * Close all the windows when you leave the house and be sure to lock the front doo"
