,"Hoi! Hola! Hello! Thanks for visiting my page and apartment :)  As a host and traveler, I understand the needs of my guests. I hope that I can support and make your stay as comfortable as possible.  My lovely apartment is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods in Amsterdam, the so-called ""Pijp"". It's around the corner from the main street, Ferdinand Bolstraat, the popular outdoor market de Albert Cuyp and the very relaxing Sarphati park. De Pijp area is know for its variety of cafes, bars, restaurants and close by Amsterdam's finest arts, such as the van Gogh and the Rijksmuseum (State Museum) on the Museumsquare. My apartment is 50m2 (540  Square feet) and is fully furnished with;  an awesome bed that sleeps 2, a lovely kitchen incl. dishwasher,  a bathroom with a washing machine & dryer,  a livingroom with dining table and very (!) comfortable sofa, It's a very light apartment with big windows overlooking a children's farm. In short a lovely quite place to get away from the busy ","Hoi! Hola! Hello! Thanks for visiting my page and apartment :)  As a host and traveler, I understand the needs of my guests. I hope that I can support and make your stay as comfortable as possible.  My lovely apartment is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods in Amsterdam, the so-called ""Pijp"". It's around the corner from the main street, Ferdinand Bolstraat, the popular outdoor market de Albert Cuyp and the very relaxing Sarphati park. De Pijp area is know for its variety of cafes, bars, restaurants and close by Amsterdam's finest arts, such as the van Gogh and the Rijksmuseum (State Museum) on the Museumsquare. My apartment is 50m2 (540  Square feet) and is fully furnished with;  an awesome bed that sleeps 2, a lovely kitchen incl. dishwasher,  a bathroom with a washing machine & dryer,  a livingroom with dining table and very (!) comfortable sofa, It's a very light apartment with big windows overlooking a children's farm. In short a lovely quite place to get away from the busy ",There is a market everyday around the corner. Fresh products!  And The pijp is filled with great bars and restaurants!,From the airport it's so easy to get to my house. Only 30 min.,
