Welcome to a 1 room B&B for 2 guests Close to: * 7 min from centraal station * nice free ferry • Dam Square - 15 minutes walk  • Flower Market - 15 minutes walk  • Spui - 10 minutes walk  • Jordaan - 10 minutes walk  • Westerkerk / A,"Dear reader, Welcome to my recently refurbished trendy Amazing Amsterdam Bed & Breakfast for 2 persons with 1 nice bedroom, with a very good double nice bed.  This quiet setting is in the center of Amsterdam, a short 7 minutes from Central Station. You can reach the burstling social scene via a 3 minute walk, and a free 5 minute boat cruise.  Rent a bike like a true local and see the sights, take it on the ferry, and experience a new culture.  From Central Station, just about every part of Amsterdam is accessible including our int’l airport, Schiphol only 15 minutes away. My personal recommendation is to take a bike tour through the Dutch landscape and beautiful wetlands, where you find wild Scottish Highlanders and windmills.  You can get from a quiet room/appartment, to a burstling cultural & social center in a wink on an eye!! The eye:) thats a film museum around the corner, what you will see at your left hand when you are on the ferry. Beautyfull modern buildings!! You can come and","Welcome to a 1 room B&B for 2 guests Close to: * 7 min from centraal station * nice free ferry • Dam Square - 15 minutes walk  • Flower Market - 15 minutes walk  • Spui - 10 minutes walk  • Jordaan - 10 minutes walk  • Westerkerk / A Dear reader, Welcome to my recently refurbished trendy Amazing Amsterdam Bed & Breakfast for 2 persons with 1 nice bedroom, with a very good double nice bed.  This quiet setting is in the center of Amsterdam, a short 7 minutes from Central Station. You can reach the burstling social scene via a 3 minute walk, and a free 5 minute boat cruise.  Rent a bike like a true local and see the sights, take it on the ferry, and experience a new culture.  From Central Station, just about every part of Amsterdam is accessible including our int’l airport, Schiphol only 15 minutes away. My personal recommendation is to take a bike tour through the Dutch landscape and beautiful wetlands, where you find wild Scottish Highlanders and windmills.  You can get from a quiet roo",Only (7 minutes totally) 2 minutes by foot and 5 minutes whit a free and nice ferry from central station middel town of Amsterdam with beautiful sky lines/views. So you can walk from my house to almost all the Highlights of Amsterdam! You are more then welcome!!,All busses and trams very close by. In 7 minutes. Parking cost 1.30 euro for 1 hour from 9.am un till 9.pm in front of my house!!! Airport is 25 minutes from my house easy by train (15 minutes) and ferry (5 minutes) 2 minutes walking.,"You can come and go as you please with your own key. No smoking in the house but in the gardens, no straingers to take home and, please be quiet in the night. No cooking allowed. Welcome!"
