"Perfect apartment for a couple or friends. Clean design with white walls and wooden floors. A large balcony and if the weather permits a large roofterrace with beautiful views to enjoy sunny mornings or amazing sunsets. In the area you will find many nice shops, restaurants, bars in the Javastraat, or van Swindenstraat and there is also the Dapper Market nearby.","The just renovated apartment of 55m2 with 2 rooms (one bedroom) and a bright living room, a nice balcony and an amazing roof terrace is located in one of the coziest areas of Amsterdam. You'll have access to all the amenities of the apartment. Such as: - blender - juicer - coffee machine - water boiler - dishwasher As well as fully equipped bathroom with large bath and separate shower.","Perfect apartment for a couple or friends. Clean design with white walls and wooden floors. A large balcony and if the weather permits a large roofterrace with beautiful views to enjoy sunny mornings or amazing sunsets. In the area you will find many nice shops, restaurants, bars in the Javastraat, or van Swindenstraat and there is also the Dapper Market nearby. The just renovated apartment of 55m2 with 2 rooms (one bedroom) and a bright living room, a nice balcony and an amazing roof terrace is located in one of the coziest areas of Amsterdam. You'll have access to all the amenities of the apartment. Such as: - blender - juicer - coffee machine - water boiler - dishwasher As well as fully equipped bathroom with large bath and separate shower. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Make yourself comfortable as if it is your own apartment! The upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam East is cool","The upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam East is cool and eclectic where a lot of cultures live together in harmony. Just around the corner you'll find everything you need. The little coffee place to have breakfast in the sun, the terrace to have lunch or enjoy your first drinks. Perfect restaurant from bistro to the Italian wine and dine bar and many more.  Do you want to wander more towards the city center, multiple options of public transport are around the corner on a 5min walking distance.","The best way to get around is by bike, because the most tourist venues are really close to the apartment.  Muiderpoort station is the easiest station to come in by train. With a five minute walk you'll have trams and busses that can bring you everywhere you want in the city. Otherwise you can use the bus 22 and the train at the Muiderpoort Station, towards the city centre and back.","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment."
