"The Space - in CENTER of CANAL District Amdam/ access to all that Amsterdam has to offer, walking distance or Tram .. Location , Private entrance Queen Size bed a Hot Shower   Pantry with fridge,microwave, kettle,cutlery, plates   living room space see photos with TV I RECEIVE EACH GUEST PERSONALLY!","Amsterdam at your finger tips! High Season prices Apply until November 1 2015 & then its OFF-Season pricing ..Christmas & New Year season are adjusted accordingly!   OFFER  quiet sleeping room & private wc/shower/ with Pantry  In the Center of Amsterdam's Canal area the 9 Streets Apartment. This space/room is housed in an 18th century building with true Amsterdam character. The street is one of the “Negen Straatjes” (Nine Little Streets), famous for its little shops, cafés and bistros. It couldn’t be more convenient and charming: right in the heart of the old city! This space  is walking distance to all the highlights our city can offer & is 3min. walk  to any tram halt.  The Space/Room accommodates  2 persons comfortably  ( sharing same bed). Shower and bathroom facilities are simple but very adequate! check photo The room/space offers a light and airy main room, accommodating the bedroom with a big double bed (1.60 x 2.00m) on one side, and the dinning room and a large built in close","The Space - in CENTER of CANAL District Amdam/ access to all that Amsterdam has to offer, walking distance or Tram .. Location , Private entrance Queen Size bed a Hot Shower   Pantry with fridge,microwave, kettle,cutlery, plates   living room space see photos with TV I RECEIVE EACH GUEST PERSONALLY! Amsterdam at your finger tips! High Season prices Apply until November 1 2015 & then its OFF-Season pricing ..Christmas & New Year season are adjusted accordingly!   OFFER  quiet sleeping room & private wc/shower/ with Pantry  In the Center of Amsterdam's Canal area the 9 Streets Apartment. This space/room is housed in an 18th century building with true Amsterdam character. The street is one of the “Negen Straatjes” (Nine Little Streets), famous for its little shops, cafés and bistros. It couldn’t be more convenient and charming: right in the heart of the old city! This space  is walking distance to all the highlights our city can offer & is 3min. walk  to any tram halt.  The Space/Room acc",the neighborhood is Amsterdam center without being in the too touristy part of the city.. The Heritage Canal area...400 years of History -- and bustling new shops and cafes in the 21st Centrury!!,"in AMSTERDAM  Walking , rental Bikes & 5 minutes to Trams!  from the airport depending on your budget Taxi to door or  Train to CS then TRAM 1, 2 or 5 - euro 2.80 per person to SPUI PLEIN & location is 5 min. walk from tram stop. detailed instructions will be sent per email Welcome !  I also supply 2 Tram cards which can be recharged & are half the price of paying cash .....these are available on request !!",Private entrance to come and go as you like..  space to be treated with RESPECT. free to Enjoy Amsterdam or Enjoy your free time after a working day...cook and relax and space can be treated as your own home...full of books dvd's WI-Fi & the USE of small but well equipped kitchen...  NO SMOKING SPACE ..
