"AMAZING Scandinavian style family home with HUGE garden in the CENTRE of Amsterdam.  8-12 June available IN THE BEST LOCATION!  Trendy, Green and Ideal for families! Close to all attractions, beautiful garden with berries, Scandinavian style home, calming and light with wooden floors, 2 double beds, free of clutter and with an amazing garden. Ideal for families with bigger kids (2-14).  All our guests receive a welcome essentials food and drinks complementary  set so they can relax on arrival.","GREAT FAMILY HOME!  WITH GARDEN IN THE CENTRE OF AMSTERDAM - THE VERY BEST LOCATION IN AMSTERDAM!! THE HYPEST NEIGHBOURHOOD! Restaurants, Cafes, Cool Shops, Playgrounds, Parks, De Hallen! It has it all! Beautiful family home with 2 bedrooms and huge garden.With all amenities, modern kitchen, with 2 double beds, sofa bed, jacuzzi, separated WC, wooden floors, cable TV and internet. The house has everything that you need, comfortable bedding and new bathrooms. Pets and smoke free!! It is perfect for a family up to 2 kids! Excellent location and walking distance to all attractions of Amsterdam, just by the canal belt. You will love this house. It is one off opportunity to stay and enjoy all that Amsterdam has to offer.  The historic Jordaan, the 9 Streets, Dam square, the Vondelpark, Leisenplein and the museum area are all near by. Restaurants, cafes, organic shops, markets are all around.  3 playgrounds very near by and our home is located in the FOODIE district of Amsterdam. You will fi","AMAZING Scandinavian style family home with HUGE garden in the CENTRE of Amsterdam.  8-12 June available IN THE BEST LOCATION!  Trendy, Green and Ideal for families! Close to all attractions, beautiful garden with berries, Scandinavian style home, calming and light with wooden floors, 2 double beds, free of clutter and with an amazing garden. Ideal for families with bigger kids (2-14).  All our guests receive a welcome essentials food and drinks complementary  set so they can relax on arrival. GREAT FAMILY HOME!  WITH GARDEN IN THE CENTRE OF AMSTERDAM - THE VERY BEST LOCATION IN AMSTERDAM!! THE HYPEST NEIGHBOURHOOD! Restaurants, Cafes, Cool Shops, Playgrounds, Parks, De Hallen! It has it all! Beautiful family home with 2 bedrooms and huge garden.With all amenities, modern kitchen, with 2 double beds, sofa bed, jacuzzi, separated WC, wooden floors, cable TV and internet. The house has everything that you need, comfortable bedding and new bathrooms. Pets and smoke free!! It is perfect fo","Oud West is the coolest district in Amsterdam and at its heart is Da Costabuurt, a safe, family oriented, hip and trendy, foodie district and a very green area.  Although very central - you can walk to all places to see in Amsterdam from here - it is incredible calm and quiet.  You will be waken up by the birds and have breakfast in the Garden!","The best connected part of Amsterdam and you can walk everywhere but this is the list: Trams 7 - 10 - 12 - 3- 17 and 14 stopping very near which will take you everywhere, crossing town in all direction and outside. Bus 197 takes you from the Airport plaza to the corner of the house which is Marnixstraat its last stop.  Bus 80 will take will straight to Zandvoort beach! (1h) also from and to Marnixstraat. You can walk everywhere from this location but if you choose to hire a bike, we have 3 rental places very near by. Vondelpark is less than 10 min walk away! And you have Rembrandt park and Erasmus park also nearby.","It is a family home with all the amenities.  No parties, No drugs, No smoking! SAFETY RULES: NO CANDLES ALLOWED IN THE HOUSE PLEASE! THIS IS A NON-SMOKING HOUSE. IT IS FORBIDDEN IN AMSTERDAM TO SMOKE INSIDE ANY BUILDING.  •Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed to the home owner or neighbors. Only the home owner is allowed to do so. •We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •No music after 22:00. •Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or garden is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100 by Amsterdam city. Please respect this. •No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner in any circumstances. •Please help us to respect the environment and turn off the lights and heating and check the gas hub off when not in use or if you leave the house. •House parties are prohibited. • Ple"
