"Spacious and bright apartment, close to all ammenities. Available for a minimum term of 3 months or longer. The nightly price is only set because there is no way around it, what counts is the long term pricing. Contact for details if it is not clear.","Luxurious bright apartment, minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. A tram to Leidseplein and other areas of Amsterdam also stops right there, and you can easily get anywhere in town. It is a lovely neighbourhood with a lot of amenities; like a shopping plaza with large supermarkets and drugstores just a 4 min walk away.  There are three bedrooms. Three double beds and one single bed.  Highspeed wifi, kitchen, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs), kitchen appliances, washer/dryer. No smoking allowed.  the neighborhood is well connected with 24 hour transit available with both bus and tram. this is a famous touristy (yet quiet) part of town because of the spectacular architecture in the area. we have modern canal homes that are reminiscent of the old style, but very modern and interesting architecture! lots of tour buses come by to see the area, you can experience modern","Spacious and bright apartment, close to all ammenities. Available for a minimum term of 3 months or longer. The nightly price is only set because there is no way around it, what counts is the long term pricing. Contact for details if it is not clear. Luxurious bright apartment, minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. A tram to Leidseplein and other areas of Amsterdam also stops right there, and you can easily get anywhere in town. It is a lovely neighbourhood with a lot of amenities; like a shopping plaza with large supermarkets and drugstores just a 4 min walk away.  There are three bedrooms. Three double beds and one single bed.  Highspeed wifi, kitchen, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs), kitchen appliances, washer/dryer. No smoking allowed.  the neighborhood is well connected with 24 hour transit available with both bus and tram. this is a famous touristy (yet qui","Notable architecture includes four small canals with post-modernist canal houses from various architects, cycle and pedestrian bridges by Guy Rombouts and Monica Droste, and at the Azartplein two building by the Swiss architectural firm Diener & Diener. The water is safe for swimming and lots of locals make use of this in the summer!",yes! lots of buses and trams right in front of the building,
