Situated in the north of Amsterdam. Best for families; 2min to the A10 highway (exit115) and close to nature/city. The property has a front and back garden and is situated in a charming and quiet street. Great to come home to after a day in the city.,"Our house is located behind the very charming and characteristic Nieuwendammerdijk and close to the A10 motorway (no noise). The property has a front and back garden and is situated in a charming and quiet street. Lovely to come home to after a day in the city.  Our house has a nice mix of styles. Modern and robust, funny and comfortable. Ideal for a family.  Open kitchen with access to backyard.  Spacious living room.  1st floor has spacious bedroom (double bed) with balcony and small study room with window on street.  Bathroom (shower, separate bath, underfloor heating and ventilation)  Separate closet with laundrymachine and tumbledryer. Second floor consists of a large, bright attic room (with two dormers) with children's bunk. Space to create a place here for two adults (matrasses available). So six beds in total (1 double bed, 2 single beds, 2 kids). Kitchen with facilities  Barn with extra refrigerator  front yard  spacious backyard (neighbour in the back is a school. During hol","Situated in the north of Amsterdam. Best for families; 2min to the A10 highway (exit115) and close to nature/city. The property has a front and back garden and is situated in a charming and quiet street. Great to come home to after a day in the city. Our house is located behind the very charming and characteristic Nieuwendammerdijk and close to the A10 motorway (no noise). The property has a front and back garden and is situated in a charming and quiet street. Lovely to come home to after a day in the city.  Our house has a nice mix of styles. Modern and robust, funny and comfortable. Ideal for a family.  Open kitchen with access to backyard.  Spacious living room.  1st floor has spacious bedroom (double bed) with balcony and small study room with window on street.  Bathroom (shower, separate bath, underfloor heating and ventilation)  Separate closet with laundrymachine and tumbledryer. Second floor consists of a large, bright attic room (with two dormers) with children's bunk. Space t","Living in the thriving northern part of Amsterdam brings you the perfect blend of tranquility and the vibe of the city . It is located in a rural area (2 minute walk to river IJ , 5 minute bike ride to meadows) with the advantage that after a 10 min bikeride in the other direction (or 10 minutes by bus) you will be in the centre of Amsterdam. Our house is located behind the very charming and characteristic Nieuwendammerdijk and close to the A10 motorway (no noise). The property has a front and back garden and is situated in a charming and quiet street . Lovely to come home to after a day in the city. The ancient villages Durgerdam, Holysloot, Ransdorp and Volendam can be reached by bike or car via the also characteristic Schellingwouderdijk to start with. At this dijk organic shop De Landmarkt with its terrace and restaurant is situated. The other direction (towards the centre) takes you over the Nieuwendammerdijk with TOP terrace of cafe Sluisje and at the end of this dijk you can cho","*Free parking in the street. *From Schiphol Airport it takes 30 to 45 minutes with public transport (train, bus, 5 min walk). *Bus 32 takes you to our house and to Central Station 24h. *Gratis parkeerplek voor de deur. *Vanaf Schiphol is het 30 a 45 minuten met het openbaar vervoer; trein naar CS, bus naar huis, 5 min lopen. *Buslijn 32 brengt je dag en nacht naar het Centraal Station.","Please respect our belongings like if they were yours. We live in this house and we love it. Whenever something happens and there is some damage done, please be honest and tell us so we can find a solution."
