"This houseboat in Amsterdam is perfect to experience this fabulous city in a unique way. Renting this houseboat enables you to live like a real Amsterdammer. It is moored on the most beautiful canal, located right in the heart of the city.","This houseboat in Amsterdam is perfect to experience this fabulous city in a unique way. Renting this houseboat enables you to live like a real Amsterdammer. It is moored on the most beautiful canal, located right in the heart of the city, you are surrounded by the many museums, parks, shops, cafés and galleries Amsterdam has to offer. From the sunny upper deck, where you can spend warm summer evenings, to the lower deck where it is cosy and comfortable during the winter, this really is a special occasion to create some wonderful holiday memories in Amsterdam. The kitchen comes with a dining table that seats 4 and has everything you need for your weekend break. There is a four-ring stove, microwave, oven, kettle, blender, fridge, toaster and all the cutlery, utensils and tableware you will need for your stay. There is even a sauna, everything you need to relax when you get home after a long day of Amsterdam.The apartment has a 2 inch flat screen Smart TV.","This houseboat in Amsterdam is perfect to experience this fabulous city in a unique way. Renting this houseboat enables you to live like a real Amsterdammer. It is moored on the most beautiful canal, located right in the heart of the city. This houseboat in Amsterdam is perfect to experience this fabulous city in a unique way. Renting this houseboat enables you to live like a real Amsterdammer. It is moored on the most beautiful canal, located right in the heart of the city, you are surrounded by the many museums, parks, shops, cafés and galleries Amsterdam has to offer. From the sunny upper deck, where you can spend warm summer evenings, to the lower deck where it is cosy and comfortable during the winter, this really is a special occasion to create some wonderful holiday memories in Amsterdam. The kitchen comes with a dining table that seats 4 and has everything you need for your weekend break. There is a four-ring stove, microwave, oven, kettle, blender, fridge, toaster and all the ",,,"Check-in is at 14:00 o'clock. Earlier check-ins are not possible.  A security or key deposit is applicable which is returned to guests upon their departure as long as the apartment is left in a suitable state without any damages. This amount is 200 euros. We make sure our boats are completely clean prior to your arrival. There is a cleaning fee of 60 euros per stay.  Also there is an early or late check in fee. from 14:00 to 18:00 (no fee) after 18:00 the fee is 25 euros until 22:00 . After 22:00 is the fee is 50 euros. The sewage systems in the Houseboats work with pumps, it is prohibited to throw toilet paper or any kind of objects down the toilet.  Failure to obey the house rules will result in the immediate charge of the damage deposit. Cleaning fee and Security deposit are paid through Airbnb."
