"The penthouse apartment, which features beamed ceilings and a roomy balcony, can comfortably sleep six guests in one double and four single beds. Groups up to 30 are catered for and, Stag and Hen parties are welcome","Short Description This spacious three bedroom apartment is one of seven in the same building located at Nieuwmarkt Square. The penthouse apartment, which features beamed ceilings and a roomy balcony, can comfortably sleep six guests in one double and four single beds. Groups up to 30 are catered for and, Stag and Hen parties are welcome  Living room Large comfortable living room with two couches, table and four chairs, flat screen TV, iPod dock and doors to the big balcony where smoking, including cannabis, is allowed.  Bedroom(s) and Bathroom(s) There are 3 bedrooms each with 2 single beds The bathroom is next to the bedrooms and has bathtub with shower,heater and wash basin The toilet is separate All towels and linen are supplied as it shower gel and soap.  Kitchen Open kitchen including oven, 4 ring gas stove, microwave, dishwasher , kettle , toaster and coffee maker. Tea, sugar and creamer are supplied  .","The penthouse apartment, which features beamed ceilings and a roomy balcony, can comfortably sleep six guests in one double and four single beds. Groups up to 30 are catered for and, Stag and Hen parties are welcome Short Description This spacious three bedroom apartment is one of seven in the same building located at Nieuwmarkt Square. The penthouse apartment, which features beamed ceilings and a roomy balcony, can comfortably sleep six guests in one double and four single beds. Groups up to 30 are catered for and, Stag and Hen parties are welcome  Living room Large comfortable living room with two couches, table and four chairs, flat screen TV, iPod dock and doors to the big balcony where smoking, including cannabis, is allowed.  Bedroom(s) and Bathroom(s) There are 3 bedrooms each with 2 single beds The bathroom is next to the bedrooms and has bathtub with shower,heater and wash basin The toilet is separate All towels and linen are supplied as it shower gel and soap.  Kitchen Open k","The apartment is located on Monnikenstraat just off Nieuwmarkt (New Market) one of the best squares in Amsterdam.  Nieuwmarkt Square is surrounded by cafes , bars and coffee shops. Not far away is the Redlight district and China Town with its many restaurants.  Dam Square and central station are a 5 minute stroll away.",,Smoking is only allowed in the balcony.
