"Perfect located marvellous appartment/loft (Amsterdamse School (build)! In one of the most popular neighbours westerpark/centre of Amsterdam. (1st floor, balcony/heigh ceilings, design) We've got a large living room with a fireplace. The apartment has one large bedroom with double bed, one single bedrooms and one double bedroom. 10 minutes from Central Station. Trams 3 stops in front of the house. Shops, bars, restaurant & supermarkets arround the corner.",,"Perfect located marvellous appartment/loft (Amsterdamse School (build)! In one of the most popular neighbours westerpark/centre of Amsterdam. (1st floor, balcony/heigh ceilings, design) We've got a large living room with a fireplace. The apartment has one large bedroom with double bed, one single bedrooms and one double bedroom. 10 minutes from Central Station. Trams 3 stops in front of the house. Shops, bars, restaurant & supermarkets arround the corner. The famous Haarlemmerstraat and Jordaan area (small streets, restaurants, shops, bars, galleries) is only a couple of minutes from our house. We live in the middle of the center, in a quiet street with the Westerpark nearby. Would you like to travel to the Hip north side of Amsterdam? Just take the ferry ( free of charge) which is only on a few minutes of walking distance. Their is alway's enough space for you to park the car in front of the house. Tram 3 stops in front of the house and takes you through the whole city. You can also r","The famous Haarlemmerstraat and Jordaan area (small streets, restaurants, shops, bars, galleries) is only a couple of minutes from our house. We live in the middle of the center, in a quiet street with the Westerpark nearby. Would you like to travel to the Hip north side of Amsterdam? Just take the ferry ( free of charge) which is only on a few minutes of walking distance.",Their is alway's enough space for you to park the car in front of the house. Tram 3 stops in front of the house and takes you through the whole city. You can also rent bikes at the haarlemmerplein which is only 5 minutes walking distance.,
