"Nieuwmarkt Court F is one of 7 spacious apartments in the same building, right in the centre of the city at Nieuwmarkt. The apartment is a very roomy 100 sqm, with 2 bedrooms ,fully equipped kitchen, bath tub balcony and free WiFi.","Nieuwmarkt Court F is one of 7 spacious apartments in the same building, right in the center of the city at Nieuwmarkt. The apartment is a very roomy 100 sqm, with 2 bedrooms ,fully equipped kitchen, bath tub balcony and free WiFi. It is tiled in cool black and white throughout. The apartments are located at Nieuwmarkt, 5 minutes walk from central Station and Dam Square, and around the corner from both China Town and the Red Light district. Nieuwmarkt is full of cafes, bars and coffee shops, a supermarket, Thai restaurant, Indonesian Take-away, a bakery and even an Irish Pub.  The living room has 2 couches, dining table and chairs, flat screen TV and DVD, I Pod docking station The apartment has one double bedroom with chest of drawers, wardrobe , bedside tables and mirror. Up 10 little steps is the 2nd bedroom with 2 single beds. The door to the balcony is here as is the bathroom with bath tub/shower sink and mirror. The toilet is downstairs beside the living room and first bedroom The","Nieuwmarkt Court F is one of 7 spacious apartments in the same building, right in the centre of the city at Nieuwmarkt. The apartment is a very roomy 100 sqm, with 2 bedrooms ,fully equipped kitchen, bath tub balcony and free WiFi. Nieuwmarkt Court F is one of 7 spacious apartments in the same building, right in the center of the city at Nieuwmarkt. The apartment is a very roomy 100 sqm, with 2 bedrooms ,fully equipped kitchen, bath tub balcony and free WiFi. It is tiled in cool black and white throughout. The apartments are located at Nieuwmarkt, 5 minutes walk from central Station and Dam Square, and around the corner from both China Town and the Red Light district. Nieuwmarkt is full of cafes, bars and coffee shops, a supermarket, Thai restaurant, Indonesian Take-away, a bakery and even an Irish Pub.  The living room has 2 couches, dining table and chairs, flat screen TV and DVD, I Pod docking station The apartment has one double bedroom with chest of drawers, wardrobe , bedside tab","The apartments are located at Nieuwmarkt, 5 minutes walk from central Station and Dam Square, and around the corner from both China Town and the Red Light district. Nieuwmarkt is full of cafes, bars and coffee shops, a supermarket, Thai restaurant, Indonesian Take-away, a bakery and even an Irish Pub.",Tram,Smoking is allowed ONLY in the balcony
