"Location, Location, Location: This is a great room on the top floor of our apartment in the beautiful area of Amsterdam-Zuid.  You will enjoy the quiet room and central location to Universities, RAI, museums etc.","Welcome to Amsterdam-Zuid! the most beautiful area of Amsterdam. You will stay on the top floor of a beautiful Amsterdam apartment in this charming neighborhood of Amsterdam-Zuid. It is  very quiet  room. Close to Vondelpark. 5 min. from tram 5, 24. And 10 minutes from train station Zuid. You share  a bathroom. There is a kitchen which you can use, and there is a coffee maker.  There are many restaurants in the neighborhood. And the museums are just 10 min. walking away. Or rent a bike, or use the tram. Your apartment is 10 min. by train from Schiphol. ","Welcome to Amsterdam-Zuid! the most beautiful area of Amsterdam. You will stay on the top floor of a beautiful Amsterdam apartment in this charming neighborhood of Amsterdam-Zuid. It is  very quiet  room. Close to Vondelpark. 5 min. from tram 5, 24. And 10 minutes from train station Zuid. You share  a bathroom. There is a kitchen which you can use, and there is a coffee maker.  There are many restaurants in the neighborhood. And the museums are just 10 min. walking away. Or rent a bike, or use the tram. Your apartment is 10 min. by train from Schiphol.  Shared bathroom and toilet (on second floor) The room with private entrance on the third floor includes:  -  Coffee and tea corner  - Double futon-bed with clean linen  - Clean towels  - sink - WiFi - charming and quiet room! I like to help you find special restaurants, unique places in Amsterdam.  You will be close to the main museums, Vondelpark, resturants, train station and fashionable shops.  While the neighborhood is very quiet an","You will be close to the main museums, Vondelpark, resturants, train station and fashionable shops.  While the neighborhood is very quiet and safe!","Great location! Cheap underground parking,  approx.€3,-/day, is 7 minutes by foot.(Olympic Stadium).  Train station ( AmsterdamZuid) is 7 minutes. Train from Schiphol Airport to  station AmsterdamZuid is 7 minutes. From AmsterdamZuid it  is 7 minutes by foot. Or use Uber app.","No pets please, and no smoking. Also not on the balcony. Check-in time is at 1400 and check out at 12 noon."
