"Cutest biomarket on Saturday on the Noordermarkt. Near the Westerpark, Vondelpark and Museumplein 72m2 apartment. Two bedrooms, large living room with a piano, large kitchen. 2 minute walk form the 16 century center and Canals. The house is from 1910","Nice view, close to central station 2,5 km, close to Museum square 2,5 km. Good public transport, bus and tram very close by. Open air bio market walking distance on saturday","Cutest biomarket on Saturday on the Noordermarkt. Near the Westerpark, Vondelpark and Museumplein 72m2 apartment. Two bedrooms, large living room with a piano, large kitchen. 2 minute walk form the 16 century center and Canals. The house is from 1910 Nice view, close to central station 2,5 km, close to Museum square 2,5 km. Good public transport, bus and tram very close by. Open air bio market walking distance on saturday Large living room, 2 bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, fairly little storage room Only upon arrival and departure Totally lovable neighbourhood, with a quiet view across the square. Peacefull with good grocery shopping at 400 meters, proper baker, nice organic store, proper supermarket.  The best and first stone woodoven pizza restaurant Yam Yam. Lively cafes that are properly nice and hip but not hiped. The cutest fresh market on one of the oldest squares on Saturday The Noordermarkt op Zaterdag (Northern Market on Saturday) is one of the most attractive in town. On this ","Totally lovable neighbourhood, with a quiet view across the square. Peacefull with good grocery shopping at 400 meters, proper baker, nice organic store, proper supermarket.  The best and first stone woodoven pizza restaurant Yam Yam. Lively cafes that are properly nice and hip but not hiped. The cutest fresh market on one of the oldest squares on Saturday The Noordermarkt op Zaterdag (Northern Market on Saturday) is one of the most attractive in town. On this historical marketplace the past and modern times meet each other. Some 350 years ago you could have seen famous painter Rembrandt van Rijn strolling around here. The market is held on a picturesque square overlooked by the tower of the Noorderkerk, a church built in 1623. The Noordermarkt is the core of the Jordan, the most lively area of Old Amsterdam. Every Saturday the Noordermarkt is the sparkling heart of Amsterdam. A market which attracts visitors from all over the world. Shopping in Amsterdam means visiting the Noordermark",Bus 18 and 21 stop almost right in front of the door. They are at central station in 5 minutes.  Tram 3 has the same stop as bus 18 being really close by. It brings you in 5 minutes to the Museumplein. Bikerental is also close by Bus 18 and 21 stop almost right in front of the door. They are at central station in 5 minutes.  Tram 3 has the same stop as bus 18 being really close by. It brings you in 5 minutes to the Museumplein. Bikerental is also close by on the same street across from apartment next to supermarket at number 61,"No smoking, no pets please"
