,"1 sleepingroom for 2 persons. The couch can be a bed for 2 persons. Close to  excellent public transportation (tram 3, 7, 9, 14) is around the corner. Tram 3 will bring you to the Jordaan in less than 12 minutes. Tram 7 will bring you to the Leidseplein in 7 minutes. Tram 14 brings you to Dam Square in 10 minutes. Tram number 9 will whisk you into Waterloo Square and Rembrandt Square in less than 10 minutes. Area information:  Walking distance from two gorgeous Oosterpark, Flevopark en Franckendealpark. from the Artis Zoo, Close to musea the flea-market, and the Portuguese Synagogue. Grocery around the corner, and lots of other shops also within walking distance. Plenty of pubs and restaurants, some good, some better, can be found close by. Canvas and Trouw, very popular clubs, are just around the corner. Walking distance from the daily fresh food “Dapper” market.  Free wifi  available, bars, museum, trainstation, shops, parks.","1 sleepingroom for 2 persons. The couch can be a bed for 2 persons. Close to  excellent public transportation (tram 3, 7, 9, 14) is around the corner. Tram 3 will bring you to the Jordaan in less than 12 minutes. Tram 7 will bring you to the Leidseplein in 7 minutes. Tram 14 brings you to Dam Square in 10 minutes. Tram number 9 will whisk you into Waterloo Square and Rembrandt Square in less than 10 minutes. Area information:  Walking distance from two gorgeous Oosterpark, Flevopark en Franckendealpark. from the Artis Zoo, Close to musea the flea-market, and the Portuguese Synagogue. Grocery around the corner, and lots of other shops also within walking distance. Plenty of pubs and restaurants, some good, some better, can be found close by. Canvas and Trouw, very popular clubs, are just around the corner. Walking distance from the daily fresh food “Dapper” market.  Free wifi  available, bars, museum, trainstation, shops, parks.",,Trainstation Muiderpoort is around the corner. Busstop 65 in front of the house Tram 7 and 14 to the centre 5 minutes walk,no smoking inside
