"If you're looking for warm and cozy, affordable accommodation in one of Amsterdam's most beautiful areas, then the Garden Studio definitely fits the bill. the apartment has Wi-Fi, and a flat screen TV. There's a super comfortable king size bed, and all bed linen and towels are included. Plus the kitchen, with electric stove and extractor hood, microwave-grill (no oven) and has anything you'll need for any cooking needs, from a quick snack to a to a nice  dinner.  Fast access to public transport","The studio is elegant, stylish, unfussy and yet it's a very cosy home. Beautiful location by Vondelpark ! perfect for running and jogging. To feel at home away from home. The apartments are located in a tranquil residential area. It’s a calm oasis in the centre of the bustling.  The open space area has a serene atmosphere with light coming in through the street windows ( depend on the weather) fully equipped kitchen with everything you might need to prepare your meals plus a very convenient dishwasher. The bathroom has a fantastic shower head, mini blow dryer, first aid kit. And for your entertainment there is Flat Screen TV. We change towels and trash every 2 days for your convenience, The studio is fully independent and does not being shared with anyone else, its located on basement level. And there are 10 stairs leading to the apartment. This apartment is located in a Solid building. A Solid is a beautiful sustainable building that gives space to what people want. In the area “ Oud ","If you're looking for warm and cozy, affordable accommodation in one of Amsterdam's most beautiful areas, then the Garden Studio definitely fits the bill. the apartment has Wi-Fi, and a flat screen TV. There's a super comfortable king size bed, and all bed linen and towels are included. Plus the kitchen, with electric stove and extractor hood, microwave-grill (no oven) and has anything you'll need for any cooking needs, from a quick snack to a to a nice  dinner.  Fast access to public transport The studio is elegant, stylish, unfussy and yet it's a very cosy home. Beautiful location by Vondelpark ! perfect for running and jogging. To feel at home away from home. The apartments are located in a tranquil residential area. It’s a calm oasis in the centre of the bustling.  The open space area has a serene atmosphere with light coming in through the street windows ( depend on the weather) fully equipped kitchen with everything you might need to prepare your meals plus a very convenient dish","Museum Quarter Attractions Located near the Museumplein, the Museum District (Museumkwartier) is certainly the place for culture vultures to be in Amsterdam. The quarter is home to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw (Concert Hall) and the Vondelpark. If that’s not enough, then there’s also Coster Diamonds, which gives free tours of its factory, to amuse and amaze you. Most of the buildings in this attractive quarter are from the 19th century and both Museumplein and Vondelpark are great for picnics and relaxing on the grass. Museum Quarter Shopping Put your sunglasses on and polish-up your credit card - the Museum District's shops are frequented by the Dutch glitterati and are as excellent for entertainment value as they are for finding a new pair of designer shoes. The P.C. Hooftstraat is home to all the up-market international brands like Gucci, Chanel and Louis Vuitton while the Van Baerlestraat beckons with top-end local brands like Pauw, Oilily and V",by tram 2 or 5  you can get from the central station and go off at Cornelis schuytstraat. from the airport use bus number 397  10 minutes walk to the most famous local market Albert Cuyp With public transportation in 10-12 minutes to Dam square or the Rembrandtplein ( center) .,"We ask not to make loud noise at night time since there's neighbors, and no smoking indoors. We ask kindly not to throw litter or toilet paper to the toilets."
