,"This apartment can lodge up to four adults (or six in case of family with children); a baby bed is available free of charge. The double bed in the bedroom can be made into two individual beds. The apartment has double-glass windows and is noise-insulated. The bathroom has a Jacuzzi! This is a non-smoking apartment. (Smoking allowed on balcony.) The living room has two convertible sofa beds for one individual person, for a couple, or for two children. There is an expendable dining table for up to 6 persons. You will find large flat screen television with cable connection, a radio/DVD player with surround system. There is a provision of guide books in English, French and in German. The living room is facing the Overtoom but the entire apartment is noise-insulated and little or no traffic noise is penetrates. The bedroom which faces Vondelpark, has one large box-spring bed that can be made into two individual beds. There is a large cabinet, side tables, wall-mounted flat screen television","This apartment can lodge up to four adults (or six in case of family with children); a baby bed is available free of charge. The double bed in the bedroom can be made into two individual beds. The apartment has double-glass windows and is noise-insulated. The bathroom has a Jacuzzi! This is a non-smoking apartment. (Smoking allowed on balcony.) The living room has two convertible sofa beds for one individual person, for a couple, or for two children. There is an expendable dining table for up to 6 persons. You will find large flat screen television with cable connection, a radio/DVD player with surround system. There is a provision of guide books in English, French and in German. The living room is facing the Overtoom but the entire apartment is noise-insulated and little or no traffic noise is penetrates. The bedroom which faces Vondelpark, has one large box-spring bed that can be made into two individual beds. There is a large cabinet, side tables, wall-mounted flat screen television","The apartment is located nearby Vondelpark. Very easy within easy reach from the airport. Tram (streetcar) stop is in front of the apartment and will bring you to the city center within 15 minutes. Or you can walk through the famous Vondelpark to the entertainment center 'Leidseplein' where you will find Amsterdam's night life. Also the Rijksmusuem, Van Gogh Museum and the 'Concertgebouw' are withing 15-20 minutes walk. Just across the road from the apartment you will find all shops that you need: fresh bakery (open very early; get your fresh bread on your table) supermarket (open until 10pm), grocery, butcher, laundromat, restaurants, catering services, etc.",,Vous pouvez communiquer avec le propriétaire en français.
