"Minimum stay: 3 nights! (exceptions can be made made). We prefer families and mature guests, we're not in for partying students or adolescents who would like to experience Amsterdam dope city, sorry!! Zoo! City Centre! Comfort! Great View!","Our apartment has two bedrooms, one for us and one for our son Olivier who's 8 years old. The bedrooms both have double beds (wide: 140 cm and 120 cm) We have well equiped kitchen and a bathroom with shower and bath. You'll find a nice spacy living room with a very beautiful view over the zoo (Artis) and the city. You will experience different city colours and skies every day! The apartment is really comfortable and you'll find everything you need. If you come by car you can use our garage. The neighborhood is one of the finest in Amsterdam. It is quite and lively at the same time. Your view is over the zoo and the city. You can open the windows over the full length and relax and enjoy the sun. It is located close to the inner city centre. Plenty of restaurants around, from exclusive Japanese to a pancake-boat. Shopping  facilities are close as you are near the city centre. A local Brewery (which is also an authentic windmill are out neighbors!) There is lots of public transport close ","Minimum stay: 3 nights! (exceptions can be made made). We prefer families and mature guests, we're not in for partying students or adolescents who would like to experience Amsterdam dope city, sorry!! Zoo! City Centre! Comfort! Great View! Our apartment has two bedrooms, one for us and one for our son Olivier who's 8 years old. The bedrooms both have double beds (wide: 140 cm and 120 cm) We have well equiped kitchen and a bathroom with shower and bath. You'll find a nice spacy living room with a very beautiful view over the zoo (Artis) and the city. You will experience different city colours and skies every day! The apartment is really comfortable and you'll find everything you need. If you come by car you can use our garage. The neighborhood is one of the finest in Amsterdam. It is quite and lively at the same time. Your view is over the zoo and the city. You can open the windows over the full length and relax and enjoy the sun. It is located close to the inner city centre. Plenty of ","Zoo!! In front of our place Nice restaurants Nemo museum close Local Brewery in an old mill, on steppingstone away Oosterpark for Picknick and great cafe's","Tram, bus, taxi","Our house rule is a simple one: treat our house as if it was your own. Respect our neighbours. We want you to feel welcome and have a great time, both in our apartment and in Amsterdam. Keep it clean and no smoking, sorry!"
