"Nice clean cosy private quiet 35m2 NON smoking stay, super located. 2 rooms and a large bathroom. Near Amstel Hotel, centre at 3 minutes walk. Enjoy the inner city and come home in a peaceful place, or have a drink at the terras of Ysbreeker. Sleeping positions: double bed which can be split up into 2 beds.  In the main room there's a sofa bed, kitchenette, tv with DVD. Just out of the crowded touristic area, near museums & restaurants. By arrival I give you personal adapted information.","Top location on the Amstel River near the Centre of Amsterdam. Quiet, clean, beautiful apartment in a national monument. No smoking. Two rooms and a bathroom. The apartment has one bedroom with a double bed and a living room. The double bed (new!) Can be split into two separate beds. The living room has a sofa that can be converted into a comfortable bed. It offers all the comforts of home. It is located at the rear of the House on the third floor. The accommodation is a depending on part of my house but is completely private. In this way, is it legal and we each have our freedom. On arrival you will find juice, crackers and other surprises, and there's coffee and tea. The studio is one of the most beautiful spots of Amsterdam. -Fully equipped kitchenette. -towels, bed linen etc. -bathroom with shower, bath, sink -washing machine, dryer -hairdryer -Ironing Board -Free Wi-Fi Internet access included -TV with DVD (and DVDs) Transport: -Weesperplein Metro station 50 meters away.: Central ","Nice clean cosy private quiet 35m2 NON smoking stay, super located. 2 rooms and a large bathroom. Near Amstel Hotel, centre at 3 minutes walk. Enjoy the inner city and come home in a peaceful place, or have a drink at the terras of Ysbreeker. Sleeping positions: double bed which can be split up into 2 beds.  In the main room there's a sofa bed, kitchenette, tv with DVD. Just out of the crowded touristic area, near museums & restaurants. By arrival I give you personal adapted information. Top location on the Amstel River near the Centre of Amsterdam. Quiet, clean, beautiful apartment in a national monument. No smoking. Two rooms and a bathroom. The apartment has one bedroom with a double bed and a living room. The double bed (new!) Can be split into two separate beds. The living room has a sofa that can be converted into a comfortable bed. It offers all the comforts of home. It is located at the rear of the House on the third floor. The accommodation is a depending on part of my house b",You are near everything and meanwhile in a high-class neighborhood just out of the rush of the inner city. The grand café d' Ysbreker is just downstairs with a nice terras and good food and atmosphere.,"Subway, tramway, everything just near, also a parking place around the corner and you can hire bikes and walk to the inner city.","I'm very happy with my home. It is a peaceful save place. So I'm asking that you'll treat my apartment with great love and carefulness. When you check in you have to fill up a paper with your name and identity. This is needed for local authorities as it is legally rent out. The apartment and all the building is a NON smoking one,  No drugs, No party. No animals. If you do smoke, I kindly ask you to book another place. Because I just don't want it, not even out of the window, not before the door outside of the house. Even if you think that this is Amsterdam and that you can, here you can't."
