"Wake up every morning to a beautiful waterview as a guest in this spacious apartment situated in the island-like district of Steigereiland. The apartment is perfectly situated for public transport as the tramstop is right in front of the building! We have a Shortstay permit from local government and thus are perfectly legal. Nothing to worry about, just as a vacation should be! Update: We now offer Netflix on the two televisions, living room and master bedroom.","Boasting a slick white decor and oak floors, this modern apartment includes a double bedroom and a twin bedroom. Read a book in a large hammock, or just simply relax and enjoy the view. The kitchen is fully-equipped.   You get 110m2 space to relax after a busy day in the city of Amsterdam. A key to the apartment will be provided so you are free to enter and leave the place whenever you like. Layout of the apartment: From the hall, you can reach all living areas. At the right side you find the separate toilet, built-in storage (including the washer and dryer) and a bathroom with shower. On the left there are two spacious bedrooms. At the end of the hall you have access to the living room with open kitchen. The in 2009 completed open kitchen is equipped with Bosch appliances, including a dishwasher, fridge, separate freezer with 3 drawers, combi microwave oven and ceramic cooking. Other appliances involve a water-boiler, grill and coffee maker Senseo. The house has an oak floor in all ro","Wake up every morning to a beautiful waterview as a guest in this spacious apartment situated in the island-like district of Steigereiland. The apartment is perfectly situated for public transport as the tramstop is right in front of the building! We have a Shortstay permit from local government and thus are perfectly legal. Nothing to worry about, just as a vacation should be! Update: We now offer Netflix on the two televisions, living room and master bedroom. Boasting a slick white decor and oak floors, this modern apartment includes a double bedroom and a twin bedroom. Read a book in a large hammock, or just simply relax and enjoy the view. The kitchen is fully-equipped.   You get 110m2 space to relax after a busy day in the city of Amsterdam. A key to the apartment will be provided so you are free to enter and leave the place whenever you like. Layout of the apartment: From the hall, you can reach all living areas. At the right side you find the separate toilet, built-in storage (i","At the apartment an extensive brochure will be available with information about the apartment, surroundings and tourist options.  Next to the apartment is a small neighborhood store, a five minute walk will get you to the mall with an Albert Heijn supermarket, butcher and pharmacy. In the summer you can swim in the area, its within walking distance of a children's beach located at the Diemerpark and within 10 minutes lies the biggest city beach of Amsterdam called Blijburg.  On the island are some good restaurants where M'Chi is an absolute must to visit!","The apartment is perfectly situated for public transport as the tramstop is right in front of the building. The nr. 26 tram will bring you to Amsterdam Central Station (mid-center) in ten minutes and has a high frequency of travel and high quality of service. Previous guests have mentioned the very easy connection to the inner city in their reviews so be sure to get the best of both worlds.. easy access to the touristic sites while having a big modern apartment to leisure in after a long day in the busy center! Travelling from Schiphol Airport is just as easy. You best take the trainservice to Amsterdam Central Station, a high frequency and quality connection. After about 20-25 minutes you arrive at Amsterdam CS. At the square in front of the station the VVV-tourist office is situated which can assist you with the planning of your visit. At this office you can also buy a special tourist ticket which will give you unlimited access to busses, trams and the subway for a certain period of ","Enjoy the apartment.. have a wonderful stay! We will provide clean towels, you are free to use the washing machine, dryer etc. free of charge. Please note that due to our apartment being located in a residential complex we have set houserules to prevent disturbance to other owners in our building. We are orientated towards families as our area is very childfriendly and offers a nice more relaxed atmosphere than the busy inner center. As we like to keep the good understanding with our neighbours we do not allow stag parties and groups that are made up of just people under 23 years old. Just treat our place as you would be staying in the home of a good friend! We are looking forward meeting you! Harold and Tamara"
