"Come in and feel at home!  Full 2-floor penthouse (100 m2) with large terrace (30m2) in old city centre, close to all hot spots. Peaceful, private, comfortable. Fully equipped for max 4 persons. wifi, cable TV, hifi, bicycles.  ","We offer you a peaceful, private, comfortable home all for yourself. An elevator brings you to the penthouse that sits on top of the former store house (AD 1732) of the  oldest private company in the world (VOC). This historical building is surrounded by water on two sides and a friendly little park on the third.  ","Come in and feel at home!  Full 2-floor penthouse (100 m2) with large terrace (30m2) in old city centre, close to all hot spots. Peaceful, private, comfortable. Fully equipped for max 4 persons. wifi, cable TV, hifi, bicycles.  We offer you a peaceful, private, comfortable home all for yourself. An elevator brings you to the penthouse that sits on top of the former store house (AD 1732) of the  oldest private company in the world (VOC). This historical building is surrounded by water on two sides and a friendly little park on the third.   At the lower floor  a large living with open kitchen with all modern equipment. A large terrace on two sides overlooking the city from N to SE .  At the upper floor a masterbedroom with a large twin bed, a second bedroom with 2 single beds or 1 twin bed and a luxury bathroom with walk-in shower and a large bath with second shower. Your stay will be fully private and self-contained.  Of course we provide help in case of urgent matters The area is in th","The area is in the centre of the city but quiet and green. Lots of water. Historical buildings all over the place. From your terrace a view on an old windmill, housing a real brewery with superb beers. A pleasant food market, supermarket and various shops and restaurants close by. ","From the Central Train Station (your connection to Schiphol Airport and the hub to many other places) bus # 22 (in front of Victoria Hotel) brings you in 5-10 min to the apartment. Tram # 10 stops at 1 minute from the apartment and brings you to the Museum Quarters (10 min Van Gogh, National Museum etc), the entertainment and shopping centre (Leidse buurt, 9 straatjes, Kalverstraat, 10 min) and the canal area (Jordaan, Anne Frank, 15 min).  Zoo (Artis), Maritime Museum, Tropical Colonial Museum, Technical Museum (Nemo, a must for kids 6-12) are at walking distance. We provide bikes, free to use (be careful if not accustomed to Dutch biking attitude!)","There is only one very strict rule: NO SMOKING. Feel at home,  do whatever you would expect others to do in your own house. Respect our house, our gear and our neighbours. Take care to hand the apartment back to us in the same state as it was offered to you. But above all, enjoy."
