"We would like to welcome art & design lovers in our comfortable family house!    Perfect for one couple (+ max two children max age 15)  Oosterpark neighbourhood : stylish, just renovated (architect-designed), modern, clean, quiet, less touristic, hip & happening neighbourhood You'll enjoy the space. For Amsterdam standards it is a nice industrial looking apartment, very comfortable with high ceilings and a lot of artworks. A typical Amsterdam building (1898) - 2 levels - 140 sq. + garden.",Ground floor:  - open modern kitchen - fully equipped + nespresso machine  - dining space leads to the sunny garden and terrace - livingroom – wifi  - working area  - gentlemen’s / backroom - toilet First floor - master bedroom (2 pers bed 160 x 200 cm) - children play & bedroom - two separed loft-beds (high sleepers each 90 x 200 cm)   - lots of toys available  - bathroom (shower and bath) + clean towels/sheets - 2nd toilet,"We would like to welcome art & design lovers in our comfortable family house!    Perfect for one couple (+ max two children max age 15)  Oosterpark neighbourhood : stylish, just renovated (architect-designed), modern, clean, quiet, less touristic, hip & happening neighbourhood You'll enjoy the space. For Amsterdam standards it is a nice industrial looking apartment, very comfortable with high ceilings and a lot of artworks. A typical Amsterdam building (1898) - 2 levels - 140 sq. + garden. Ground floor:  - open modern kitchen - fully equipped + nespresso machine  - dining space leads to the sunny garden and terrace - livingroom – wifi  - working area  - gentlemen’s / backroom - toilet First floor - master bedroom (2 pers bed 160 x 200 cm) - children play & bedroom - two separed loft-beds (high sleepers each 90 x 200 cm)   - lots of toys available  - bathroom (shower and bath) + clean towels/sheets - 2nd toilet We’re happy to give you suggestions what to do in the city and are willing t","We’re happy to give you suggestions what to do in the city and are willing to share our favourite places to go out for food or drinks.  Our house is located near the Beukenplein, with many restaurants, Moroccan bakery, (eco) foodstore, famous Thai restaurant and the best cheese & wine-deli in town. There are shopping areas within walking distance (5min) and the Dappermarkt is also nearby (10min). All major museums (and the Zoo Artis) are easy to reach by tram or bike.",,- Great for couples travelling together and families with children. We do not rent to young people around their early twenties. Or people with party intentions.
