"A lovely light sunny apartment, available for 2 people to enjoy the peacefulness of the park right next door and out on the terrace for sun sets. In a lively area with lots to see and do and close to town centre. All shops/restaurants/markets are available in walking distance.  We certainly hope you enjoy your stay in our house!","Our top floor apartment is light and airy, with a fantastic 4x4 meter terrace, south facing for optimal evening BBQ's with unforgettable sunsets! A study upstairs with glass floor to let in the light, and internal stairs connecting into the large living room.  1 main bedroom and 1 spare bedroom currently used as a kids bedroom. 1 bathroom with large bath/shower perfect for relaxation! Cozy kitchen with breakfast nook under a skylight and a balcony. Kitchen includes all amenities including dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave and oven/hob. Great location, our third floor flat is situated in the west of Amsterdam in the bustling vibrant area of 'de Baarsjes', and right next to Rembrandt Park for those evening walks and 3 minutes from Mecatorplein where there are shops, cafes, restaurants, ice-creams bars etc. We are close to Kinkerstraat which is a lovely shopping street with a market 6 days a week and the new 'De Hallen'  indoor food market. Easy access to Amsterdam's A10 ring r","A lovely light sunny apartment, available for 2 people to enjoy the peacefulness of the park right next door and out on the terrace for sun sets. In a lively area with lots to see and do and close to town centre. All shops/restaurants/markets are available in walking distance.  We certainly hope you enjoy your stay in our house! Our top floor apartment is light and airy, with a fantastic 4x4 meter terrace, south facing for optimal evening BBQ's with unforgettable sunsets! A study upstairs with glass floor to let in the light, and internal stairs connecting into the large living room.  1 main bedroom and 1 spare bedroom currently used as a kids bedroom. 1 bathroom with large bath/shower perfect for relaxation! Cozy kitchen with breakfast nook under a skylight and a balcony. Kitchen includes all amenities including dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave and oven/hob. Great location, our third floor flat is situated in the west of Amsterdam in the bustling vibrant area of 'de Baarsj",de Baarsjes is a booming area West of Amsterdam that is quickly becoming one of the trendy foodie areas of town. There are many great choices for food and coffee with in easy walking distance! Jan Evertsenstraat is full of great cafes and interesting local goods and design boutiques. Mercatorplein has great monthly organic markets and other interesting activities throughout the year. Kinkerstraat is also close by and has all you need for a day of shopping and eating out too! Including the new De Hallen indoor food hall and studios and cinemas (also a great place to go at night). Right next to one of the oldest street markets in Amsterdam. Rembrandtpark is right around the corner and is beautiful all times of the year with the new Ramada Hotel on the edge of the park with beautiful views of Amsterdam.,"3 minutes walk from Mercatorplein where you have options of trams 13 & 7, buses 18 & 15. Tram 17 is also close by! There are 3 bicycle rental places close by which I highly recommend to discover Amsterdam. Parking is expensive on our street but Bos en Lommer P&R is close by and has 24 hour tariffs which include public transport cards. Schiphol is only 20-30 minutes away- either by train to Amsterdam Lelylaan and tram 17 (to Postjesweg) or by taxi (costs between 25-40eur).","Respect is appreciated.  Smoking on the terrace or balcony only please. Be aware of noise levels as this is a flat, please take off shoes when inside the apartment."
