"First Class 1 bedroom apartment in a quite street. Central Station at 2 min walking. The apartment has a separate bedroom and living room including kitchen with high class furniture. The apartment comes with all necessary linen and utilities such as WIFI, HBO tv, Apple TV, Smart TV.","The apartment is very centrally located at only 5 min walk from Central Station. The street is however very quite, so it is not noisy.  Guests will have unlimited access to WIFI. I provide clean bed sheets, towels and place a breakfast package in the fridge.  I interact efficiently, yet friendly with guests. After the reservation is confirmed I send out a longer email with various recommendations on restaurants, museums and nice things to do.  In the middle of the old canal district It is very easy to use public transport, all is close by. You can also choose to rent a bike.","First Class 1 bedroom apartment in a quite street. Central Station at 2 min walking. The apartment has a separate bedroom and living room including kitchen with high class furniture. The apartment comes with all necessary linen and utilities such as WIFI, HBO tv, Apple TV, Smart TV. The apartment is very centrally located at only 5 min walk from Central Station. The street is however very quite, so it is not noisy.  Guests will have unlimited access to WIFI. I provide clean bed sheets, towels and place a breakfast package in the fridge.  I interact efficiently, yet friendly with guests. After the reservation is confirmed I send out a longer email with various recommendations on restaurants, museums and nice things to do.  In the middle of the old canal district It is very easy to use public transport, all is close by. You can also choose to rent a bike. Guests will have unlimited access to WIFI. I provide clean bedsheets, towels and place a breakfast package in the fridge. I interact e",In the middle of the old canal district,"It is very easy to use public transport, all is closeby. You can also choose to rent a bike.",• Check-in time is 2PM. Please be as quite as possible on the stairs.  No pets allowed.  No parcel deliveries.
