"Oud-West is a nice escape from the crowded city-center, and a real 'volksbuurt' (local area) with typical Amsterdammers. There are many shops in this area, and at every corner you'll find a lovely bar or restaurant. The Vondelpark is a 5 minute walk away.",It is a quiet place to get a good rest after strolling around the beautiful canals of Amsterdam. The open kitchen and the huge couch will make you feel right at home!,"Oud-West is a nice escape from the crowded city-center, and a real 'volksbuurt' (local area) with typical Amsterdammers. There are many shops in this area, and at every corner you'll find a lovely bar or restaurant. The Vondelpark is a 5 minute walk away. It is a quiet place to get a good rest after strolling around the beautiful canals of Amsterdam. The open kitchen and the huge couch will make you feel right at home! Bedroom, bathroom, kitchen (with oven, microwave and dishwasher), 47"" TV and relaxing couch, WiFi and a sunny balcony. I won't be available in the apartment during your stay, but I will always be available on (Hidden by Airbnb) if you have any questions :) Oud-West is a nice escape from the crowded city-center, and a real 'volksbuurt' (local area) with typical Amsterdammers. There are many shops in this area, and at every corner you'll find a lovely bar or restaurant. The Vondelpark is a 5 minute walk away. Tram 17 is a two-minute walk away. It will bring you to the Anne","Oud-West is a nice escape from the crowded city-center, and a real 'volksbuurt' (local area) with typical Amsterdammers. There are many shops in this area, and at every corner you'll find a lovely bar or restaurant. The Vondelpark is a 5 minute walk away.","Tram 17 is a two-minute walk away. It will bring you to the Anne Frank Huis, de Dam and de Westertoren within 10 minutes. Central station is a 15 minute tram-ride away with Tram 17. You could also take a walk down the 'Overtoom' which will bring you to the Leidseplein (15 min walk). Just around the corner you'll find great places like Trakteren Coffee for a good cup of coffee or the Golden Brown for some delicious Thai food (my fave!)","As you would like your own guests to behave, make yourselves at home, but please respect my home at the same time :)"
