"In the 'Bloemenbuurt', neighborhood, of Amsterdam North, a very comfortable, a lot handmade,  family home of 100 m2.  Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, Wifi, shower and bath. One attic room with a double bed, two children's bedrooms each with a single bed. We can put a double airbed mattress if needed. The house is open and warm, with the back garden on the south side of the house you can have pleasant appetizer before dinner. Not far from central station (10 mins) and a quite neighborhood.","High ceilings in the living room, very bright and quiet. Lots of books and handmade furniture. We have a garden at the front and back and out the front there is a children's play area  with slide. We also have a cat, so not for folks who are allergic.","In the 'Bloemenbuurt', neighborhood, of Amsterdam North, a very comfortable, a lot handmade,  family home of 100 m2.  Fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, Wifi, shower and bath. One attic room with a double bed, two children's bedrooms each with a single bed. We can put a double airbed mattress if needed. The house is open and warm, with the back garden on the south side of the house you can have pleasant appetizer before dinner. Not far from central station (10 mins) and a quite neighborhood. High ceilings in the living room, very bright and quiet. Lots of books and handmade furniture. We have a garden at the front and back and out the front there is a children's play area  with slide. We also have a cat, so not for folks who are allergic. The whole house is for you. Amsterdam North is an upcoming area, with pop up stores and art projects. The area is nice and quiet with a big park 3 minutes walk, with a wooden playground and a good coffee bar. There is a whole range of shops and super","Amsterdam North is an upcoming area, with pop up stores and art projects. The area is nice and quiet with a big park 3 minutes walk, with a wooden playground and a good coffee bar. There is a whole range of shops and supermarkets about 5 mins walking and an open market on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. The house is near the newly opened EYE film museum, which has become a must see, and place to have coffee looking over the water,  and is surrounded by the Tolhuistuin cafe and the Amsterdam Look Out Parking: You can park in front of the house. They are currently introducing paid parking. We don't know exactly when it will start now it's free.  Public Transport: Well served by buses, Line 34 and 35 which take you to central station in 5 minutes, they come every 5 minutes too. Or the new metro, North South line. From there you can go anywhere such as the Dam, the Jordaan shopping area, the museum area via tram 2 or 5 which takes 10 minutes from central station. Cycling: It's a 7 minute b","Parking: You can park in front of the house. They are currently introducing paid parking. We don't know exactly when it will start now it's free.  Public Transport: Well served by buses, Line 34 and 35 which take you to central station in 5 minutes, they come every 5 minutes too. Or the new metro, North South line. From there you can go anywhere such as the Dam, the Jordaan shopping area, the museum area via tram 2 or 5 which takes 10 minutes from central station. Cycling: It's a 7 minute bike ride to the ferry which goes 24/7 and is free, takes about 3 mins to cross and then you are at Central Station which is the center of Amsterdam.","We expect visitors to use their house as if their own, so make themselves comfortable and clean up afterwards and of course leave the house as you find it. And be friendly to all our lovely neighbours. We have a cat who is outside a lot of the time, she has her own entrance. We  ask you to feed her twice a day.  We have lots of books which you are welcome to browse but please be careful of them."
