"Our spacious atmospheric room is situated under a high typical Dutch peaked roof (4.5m) at a 10 minute walk from the NDSM wharf. The room has a private bathroom including a bath, which is nice to take a rest after a day of shopping or a museum visit.","The room is 21 m2 (226 sq ft) and is located on the 2nd floor of our house. The room includes a double bed (160 x 200 cm), a couch (also usable as a 2 person sofa bed), two wardrobes, TV (digital) + DVD player, internet and a water boiler.","Our spacious atmospheric room is situated under a high typical Dutch peaked roof (4.5m) at a 10 minute walk from the NDSM wharf. The room has a private bathroom including a bath, which is nice to take a rest after a day of shopping or a museum visit. The room is 21 m2 (226 sq ft) and is located on the 2nd floor of our house. The room includes a double bed (160 x 200 cm), a couch (also usable as a 2 person sofa bed), two wardrobes, TV (digital) + DVD player, internet and a water boiler. The private bathroom, including toilet, bath, shower and washbasin,  is situated on the same floor as the private room and doesn’t need to be shared. Breakfast will be served on a trolley on the landing, ready to be consumed in the room. The opportunity to have breakfast at “BBrood” or “de IJkantine” at the NDSM wharf is possible daily from 8 am. There is a bus stop at a 3 minute walk. A supermarket is in front of the house. Use of a washing machine is possible. There is no cooking facility. The use of a","For the lovers of flea markets, shopping, café’s, bars and restaurants, or culture: Our house is situated in the neighbourhood “de Bongerd”, a new housing development  in the vicinity of the NDSM wharf and the traditional Dutch “Tuindorp Oostzaan”. Many festivals are organised at the NDSM wharf including the biggest flea market (IJ Hallen) in Europe. The NDSM wharf, an old harbour area, is a cultural hotspot, with a nostalgic yet robust appearance, with many social establishments: PIIek, Noorderlicht, IJ kantine, de Pannenkoekenboot and  more. The free ferry service departing from the NDSM wharf will take you in 12 minutes to “Centraal Station” or in 15 minutes to “Westerpark or Haarlemmerstraat”. From “Centraal Station” buses and trams depart in the direction of “Museumplein”. From the “Centraal Station” the shopping district of Amsterdam is at walking distance. In case you have more of a love for nature, our house is located on a route towards “ ‘t Twiske” and “Waterland”, only at 10","Our house is easy to reach from Schiphol Airport. Use the train to “Amsterdam Centraal” and from there take bus 35 direction “Molenwijk”, or use the free ferry service to the NDSM wharf. Total travel time ca 1 hour to Schiphol.",Besides smoking is also use of drugs not allowed.  On Monday and Tuesday  check-out is at 08:00 am.
