Tram 4 is 5 min walk...which takes you to rembrandtsplein within 10 min. Two supermarkets open  7 days a week.,"This ENTIRE apartment  MAX 4 PEOPLE (no sharing with owner) is situated in the classic Amsterdam-Style housing area, the Rivierenbuurt, 10 minutes walk away from the hippest area of Amsterdam “de Pijp” and the most famous market of Holland, the Albert Cuyp market and 10 minutes on bicycle or public transport from center and Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum. Situated 800 metres to the RAI - exhibition Center with public car  parking. In 15 minutes by bicycle direction south, you are at the Amstel river and in the Dutch countryside, with its cows and windmills, and the famous statue, where Rembrandt used to paint. The apartment is on the second floor with windows all  around and has 1 bedroom with double bed 200cmx550cm (big room) and two (small)bedrooms 170 x220cm. - Supermarket in front but hiddden 3 min walk Amenities include  - Linen, towels, duvets Ipod wifi  - Fully-equipped kitchen incl. oven, dishwasher, coffeemaker nespresso Please note max 3 people only over the age of 30 due to","Tram 4 is 5 min walk...which takes you to rembrandtsplein within 10 min. Two supermarkets open  7 days a week. This ENTIRE apartment  MAX 4 PEOPLE (no sharing with owner) is situated in the classic Amsterdam-Style housing area, the Rivierenbuurt, 10 minutes walk away from the hippest area of Amsterdam “de Pijp” and the most famous market of Holland, the Albert Cuyp market and 10 minutes on bicycle or public transport from center and Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum. Situated 800 metres to the RAI - exhibition Center with public car  parking. In 15 minutes by bicycle direction south, you are at the Amstel river and in the Dutch countryside, with its cows and windmills, and the famous statue, where Rembrandt used to paint. The apartment is on the second floor with windows all  around and has 1 bedroom with double bed 200cmx550cm (big room) and two (small)bedrooms 170 x220cm. - Supermarket in front but hiddden 3 min walk Amenities include  - Linen, towels, duvets Ipod wifi  - Fully-equippe",Supermarkets 2 within 5 min walk and nice relaxing quite area with a two great restaurants within 2 min walk fench and italian,Tram 4 is 5 min walking distance and 10 min to REMBRANDTS PLEIN city centerand tram 12 is also 5 min walking distance and takes you to the Rijksmuseum and van Gogh within 15 min,"Smoking allowed no joints however, also not on balcony.  no loud music due to neighbors children and babies that live below, and   no music after 10.00 pm due to children upstairs and downstairs."
