"Modern third floor apartment for six guests centrally located at Nieuwmarkt, a few minutes walk from Dam Square and Central Station. The 100m2 apartment has three bedrooms plus a 4th separate sleeping space, full kitchen, bathroom with tub, living r","Nieuwmarkt Court E is one of 7 apartments in the same building, located at Nieuwmarkt. Each apartment is very spacious at around (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) sq feet) and decorated with black, white and terracotta tiles, giving it a very cool and clean feel. This 3rd floor apartment has 3 bedrooms plus a 4th separate sleeping space, full kitchen, bathroom with bath/shower , separate toilet, living room and balcony . If you want to give your Amsterdam visit something special, choose to stay at the Nieuwmarkt Court apartments right in the heart of Amsterdam city center.  They offer apartments catering for all size groups from 1 to 32 guests. Stag and hen parties are welcome.  The apartments are located on Monnikenstraat just off Nieuwmarkt . Nieuwmarkt (New Market) is .one of the mains squares of Amsterdam and a great location for your Amsterdam stay. It teems with bars, cafes, coffee shops, great local shops selling cakes, Thai food, Indonesian snacks and Dutch Ice cream.  All of the","Modern third floor apartment for six guests centrally located at Nieuwmarkt, a few minutes walk from Dam Square and Central Station. The 100m2 apartment has three bedrooms plus a 4th separate sleeping space, full kitchen, bathroom with tub, living r Nieuwmarkt Court E is one of 7 apartments in the same building, located at Nieuwmarkt. Each apartment is very spacious at around (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) sq feet) and decorated with black, white and terracotta tiles, giving it a very cool and clean feel. This 3rd floor apartment has 3 bedrooms plus a 4th separate sleeping space, full kitchen, bathroom with bath/shower , separate toilet, living room and balcony . If you want to give your Amsterdam visit something special, choose to stay at the Nieuwmarkt Court apartments right in the heart of Amsterdam city center.  They offer apartments catering for all size groups from 1 to 32 guests. Stag and hen parties are welcome.  The apartments are located on Monnikenstraat just off Nieuwmarkt","The apartments are located on Monnikenstraat just off Nieuwmarkt . Nieuwmarkt (New Market) is .one of the mains squares of Amsterdam and a great location for your Amsterdam stay. It teems with bars, cafes, coffee shops, great local shops selling cakes, Thai food, Indonesian snacks and Dutch Ice cream.  All of the bars , cafes and coffee shops have terraces during the summer and are great to sit and people watch. You can pass hours just sitting and watching the world go by. Around the corner is both China Town and the Red Light district, also choc a bloc with shops and cafes. Central station , Waterlooplein and Dam square are a mere 5 minute walk away.",,Smoking is ONLY allowed in the balcony
