"An attractive stylish room on the ground floor in a modern monumental complex in the best kept secret of Amsterdam, Amsterdam Southeast. The room is recently renovated. The room is located in a beautiful green area. Near Heineken Music Hall, Arena and Ziggo Dome and with the subway the center is 15 minutes away.","The room is modern and shows a stylish, tranquil atmosphere. It has a marble brown/gray floor with under the floor heating, which gives a comfortable warm feeling. Two white chandeliers above, and reading lamps next to the twin beds, which are comfortable. Additional facilities include interactive television, Wi-Fi, microwave, kettle, hair dryer, refrigerator and also towels, bathrobes, dishes and eating utensils are provided. Guests are allowed to use the garden. Also the beautiful park is at their service.","An attractive stylish room on the ground floor in a modern monumental complex in the best kept secret of Amsterdam, Amsterdam Southeast. The room is recently renovated. The room is located in a beautiful green area. Near Heineken Music Hall, Arena and Ziggo Dome and with the subway the center is 15 minutes away. The room is modern and shows a stylish, tranquil atmosphere. It has a marble brown/gray floor with under the floor heating, which gives a comfortable warm feeling. Two white chandeliers above, and reading lamps next to the twin beds, which are comfortable. Additional facilities include interactive television, Wi-Fi, microwave, kettle, hair dryer, refrigerator and also towels, bathrobes, dishes and eating utensils are provided. Guests are allowed to use the garden. Also the beautiful park is at their service. The room is your temporary private domain. With the realization of an additional hall is the private part separated, allowing you to enjoy all the freedom as a guest. The b","Amsterdam Southeast is a multicultural suburb of Amsterdam, with its own character: very cozy and diverse. There is a shopping center within 8-minutes walk, where is a market on Saturday. The apartment is located in the green Professor Joop van Stigt Park which is connected to the Bijlmerweide: a beautiful walking, running, biking area. The complex has a cafe with possibilities for a simple evening meal. In the immediate vicinity are more dining options. In the room is an information map with tips about tv and internet settings and the city of Amsterdam.","Near the apartment is a free parking area. The metro is 5-minutes walk and takes you in 20-minutes to the heart of Amsterdam. A bus stop is 3-minutes walk. Public transport to and from the airport is possible in 30-minutes. If you prefer to use a taxi, I can book one for you so it will be as cheap as possible. The only thing you have to do is to mention it to me when you are booking the apartment. Costs depend on booking: two months in advance is 50% cheaper than last minute. From Central Station to the residence: Take the subway number 53 to 'Gaasperplas'. Get off at Ganzenhoef station. Go directly to the left at the exit of the station to the bike path. Take that right and follow the bike path. In five minutes you reach the destination.  From airport to the residence: Go from the airport to the Schiphol railway station. You can take any train that makes a stop in Duivendrecht or Diemen Zuid.  From Duivendrecht: take bus 41 to bus stop Bijlmerdreef / Grubbehoeve. Across the street is ",Pets are not allowed.  Smoking is not permitted in the house. Laundry service for a fee.
