"All guests agree: the apartment  is perfect and the location even better. A real home away from home. Two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a living with a comfortable couch. Quiet area, next to the Museumplein with the 3 major Museums. ","Dear reader, If you would like to stay in my house, please send me a message. I never accept reservation requests without communicating with potential guests through email before. It is not a second home, but the house I live in. I do not rent it out to everybody. Thanks! Our 80m2 home is on the second floor (no elevator) and is over 100 years old. Lots of old characteristics are saved, but the house is comfortable in a 21th century way! There are two bedrooms, one with a double bed and one with a single bed (2 meters up). There is also room for an extra, comfortable bed on the floor. If needed I can arrange a cod. Please ask for it.  We have an open, fully equipped kitchen which looks into the living/dining room. The living room has lots of early 20th century details like the ceiling (Amsterdamse School) and stained glass. The kitchen has a gas-cooked-stove, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, smegg oven, nespresso machine, a microwave and more. The living-room has a large wooden table with ","All guests agree: the apartment  is perfect and the location even better. A real home away from home. Two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a living with a comfortable couch. Quiet area, next to the Museumplein with the 3 major Museums.  Dear reader, If you would like to stay in my house, please send me a message. I never accept reservation requests without communicating with potential guests through email before. It is not a second home, but the house I live in. I do not rent it out to everybody. Thanks! Our 80m2 home is on the second floor (no elevator) and is over 100 years old. Lots of old characteristics are saved, but the house is comfortable in a 21th century way! There are two bedrooms, one with a double bed and one with a single bed (2 meters up). There is also room for an extra, comfortable bed on the floor. If needed I can arrange a cod. Please ask for it.  We have an open, fully equipped kitchen which looks into the living/dining room. The living room has lots of early 20","Our neighborhood is very central, but also quiet. By foot you can walk to every major museum Amsterdam has to offer, all three museums guaranteed reachable within 5 minutes by foot! Within 1 square kilometer you will find everything you want: art, food, shopping.  ",Tram stop around the corner for tram 5 towards Central Station.  Bus stop from Schiphol Airport also around the corner. When you tell me your flight details I will e-mail you details about how to get to my place by public transport. Much cheaper than a taxi and just as fast!,I expect my guests to leave the house as clean as it is when they arrive. If you do not want to clean it yourself I can arrange a cleaning lady (€60).
