"This apartment offers a great stay in Amsterdam. Our 2 bedroom apartment with garden is located in one of most upcoming and green area's of Amsterdam. The famous Vondelpark is just around the corner and the city centre: Dam square, Leidseplein square and populair area Jordaan are just 10-12 minutes away.","- Our home is approximately 75m2 and located on the ground floor with a garden facing west. - We have a second (kids) bedroom with an adult size bunk bed, which fits two. You can also place another (portable) baby bed in this room. If you like, we can provide this. - The living room has a.o. (Apple) TV for all your Netflix or internet streaming.  - The full-equipped kitchen contains a dishwasher, microwave, oven and Nepresso machine. - of course we provide wifi","This apartment offers a great stay in Amsterdam. Our 2 bedroom apartment with garden is located in one of most upcoming and green area's of Amsterdam. The famous Vondelpark is just around the corner and the city centre: Dam square, Leidseplein square and populair area Jordaan are just 10-12 minutes away. - Our home is approximately 75m2 and located on the ground floor with a garden facing west. - We have a second (kids) bedroom with an adult size bunk bed, which fits two. You can also place another (portable) baby bed in this room. If you like, we can provide this. - The living room has a.o. (Apple) TV for all your Netflix or internet streaming.  - The full-equipped kitchen contains a dishwasher, microwave, oven and Nepresso machine. - of course we provide wifi You will have acces to the full apartment Our neighbours will provide for the keys to our apartment, and give you a small tour through our home. Our home is in ‘De Baarsjes” a neighborhood with a wide variety of restaurants, caf","Our home is in ‘De Baarsjes” a neighborhood with a wide variety of restaurants, cafes, the Foodhallen and Cinema De Filmhallen. The supermarket is a 3 minute walk. Nearby our house you can find the Kinkerstraat that offers a lot of coffee places, restaurants, stores and the well-known Ten Kate market. The famous Vondelpark can be reached in 5 minutes by foot and is great for a nice stroll or a coffee in the middle of Amsterdam's beautiful nature, but you can also find nature a little bit closer to home: the Rembrandtpark is attached to the backside of our house and is only 1 minute by foot away. Tourist area Leidse square can be reach by tram in only 4 stops or 10 minutes by bicycle.",Tram 17 (stop Postjesweg) departs around the corner of our street and passes by the Kinkerstraat (3 stops) Dam square (8 stops) and Amsterdam Central Station (12 stops). Tram 1 departs from Surinameplein (3 minutes by foot) and will take you to Leidsesquare (4 stops) the city centre and Dam Square in minutes. There are several bike rental places nearby our home. Renting a bike will cost you around €8-10 per day.,
