"The neighbourhood this apartment is located in is great! It has a lot to offer and everything is reachable by foot. The Museum Square is very close, there you can find museums such as the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum. The apartment itself is very spacious and cozy. The living room is big, comfortable and has a lot of natural light. There is a great kitchen, two bedrooms with very comfortable beds and there is one bathroom. Overall, this is a great apartment during your stay in Amsterdam!","You are welcome to stay at my home in Central Amsterdam. The charming things of the property are its convenient, perfect location and the things this apartment has to offer. Every tourist attraction can be reached by foot and very close to the apartment you will find the Dam Square and the Museum Square with different famous museums. Also, nearby you can find the famous Anne Frank House! There is a vast choice of restaurants, cafés, and clubs close by. The apartment is newly refurbished and has high speed free wifi. It is located on the 3rd floor of a city monument. There is a lift, but it only goes to the second floor, so you have to take the stairs to get to the third floor. This apartment, built in 1700, has a modern interior style. The 90m2 completely furnished property has 2 bedrooms with very comfortable beds. The master bedroom has a queen sized bed and the other room has a bunk bed. The living room is a great area to just relax and watch some TV. There is a lot of natural light","The neighbourhood this apartment is located in is great! It has a lot to offer and everything is reachable by foot. The Museum Square is very close, there you can find museums such as the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum. The apartment itself is very spacious and cozy. The living room is big, comfortable and has a lot of natural light. There is a great kitchen, two bedrooms with very comfortable beds and there is one bathroom. Overall, this is a great apartment during your stay in Amsterdam! You are welcome to stay at my home in Central Amsterdam. The charming things of the property are its convenient, perfect location and the things this apartment has to offer. Every tourist attraction can be reached by foot and very close to the apartment you will find the Dam Square and the Museum Square with different famous museums. Also, nearby you can find the famous Anne Frank House! There is a vast choice of restaurants, cafés, and clubs close by. The apartment is newly refurbished and has ","The Amsterdam Canal District is a neighborhood in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The seventeenth-century canals of Amsterdam, located in the center of Amsterdam, were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in August 2010. The Amsterdam Canal District consists of the area around the city’s four main canals: Singel, Herengracht, Keizersgracht, and Prinsengracht. From Brouwersgracht, the canals are generally parallel with one another, leading gradually southeast into the Amstel river. Many of the canal houses in the Amsterdam Canal District are from the Dutch Golden Age in the 18th century. Many of these buildings, however, underwent restoration or reconstruction in various centuries, meaning that these building display many different architectural styles and facades.","The easiest way to get around is by bike, but you can also take public transport. Close to the apartment you can find tram stops Spui and the Dam, there you can take tran 1, 2 and 5.",NO PETS - NO PARTIES - NO SMOKING
