"The apartment is situated in the upcoming creative part of Amsterdam with a great mixture of culture, food, entrepreneurs in the creative field, markets, summer festivals and a great park.","It's a clean apartment with a two persons bedroom, a living room with a lot of sunlight in de afternoon.  Only keep in mind that the living room is not fully furnished yet, last details of renovation project has to be done firs","The apartment is situated in the upcoming creative part of Amsterdam with a great mixture of culture, food, entrepreneurs in the creative field, markets, summer festivals and a great park. It's a clean apartment with a two persons bedroom, a living room with a lot of sunlight in de afternoon.  Only keep in mind that the living room is not fully furnished yet, last details of renovation project has to be done firs The area is next to the second biggest park in Amsterdam, you can relax in the sun here, go for a run in the mornings. There are local food markets, festivals, art movie house, galleries,  restaurants and  breakfast/ lunch spots. The apartment is situated 10 minutes from the Jordaan , with unique clothing and interior stores and pubs. You can reach the city centre with bus 22 or 48, or rent a city bike. It's only 25 minutes from Schiphol Airport.  There's a map for you in the apartment and adresses for local must visits. Please be aware that everyone is very polite and quiet. ","The area is next to the second biggest park in Amsterdam, you can relax in the sun here, go for a run in the mornings. There are local food markets, festivals, art movie house, galleries,  restaurants and  breakfast/ lunch spots. The apartment is situated 10 minutes from the Jordaan , with unique clothing and interior stores and pubs.","You can reach the city centre with bus 22 or 48, or rent a city bike. It's only 25 minutes from Schiphol Airport.  There's a map for you in the apartment and adresses for local must visits.",No drugsusers/coffeeshopvisitors/smokers. Only guests who just want to explore the cultural side of Amsterdam.  No visitors and parties allowed. Please mind the neighboors and be very quiet after 10 PM. ALWAYS BE QUIET ON THE STAIRS  Please confirm that you've red this and agree by sending a booking request.
