,"In July 2016 and 2013 renovated apartment in East Amsterdam, area Frankendaelparc.  Very cozy 65m2, with a big living room and a large kitchen with for example a dishwasher and a microwave. The bedroom has a nice bed (1.60- 2.00mtr) with a view into the quiet garden. The bathroom is tidy and small but spacious enough to take a nice shower, separate toilet. The apartment has his original stained glassdoors to separate the kitchen from the livingroom. The apartment is located in a very quiet and green area with Amstel railway station on 10 min. walking distance. Or easy to get by car from highway A10 and enough space to park in front of the house. Going to City centre is 10 min. by subway or just 10 min. by bike. The house is  located between two tramlines. In the nearby neighbourhood there are several supermarkets, shops and restaurants. Many hotspots are in the surrounding such as Artis Zoo, some museums and the famous Amstel river. It is allowed to bring your dog with you and walk wit","In July 2016 and 2013 renovated apartment in East Amsterdam, area Frankendaelparc.  Very cozy 65m2, with a big living room and a large kitchen with for example a dishwasher and a microwave. The bedroom has a nice bed (1.60- 2.00mtr) with a view into the quiet garden. The bathroom is tidy and small but spacious enough to take a nice shower, separate toilet. The apartment has his original stained glassdoors to separate the kitchen from the livingroom. The apartment is located in a very quiet and green area with Amstel railway station on 10 min. walking distance. Or easy to get by car from highway A10 and enough space to park in front of the house. Going to City centre is 10 min. by subway or just 10 min. by bike. The house is  located between two tramlines. In the nearby neighbourhood there are several supermarkets, shops and restaurants. Many hotspots are in the surrounding such as Artis Zoo, some museums and the famous Amstel river. It is allowed to bring your dog with you and walk wit",,"Several possibilities; A metro, two tramlines and a bus.  The  2 bikes are included renting my apartment. Offcourse the bikes are typical amsterdam bikes so they make you feel like a real amsterdam citizen.",It is not allowed to smoke in the house. The garden is big and spacious to smoke. Where there are several chairs and a table to relax.
