"For longer visits and business travellers Inn old Amsterdam offers your home away from home.  The apartment Waagzicht is situated right on the Nieuwmarkt square overlooking the famous former city gate called the Waag. Situated in the lively Nieuwmarkt area, you will find lots of bars, restaurants and café’s at your doorstep. Easy access to all public transportation to any direction in and outside Amsterdam.","For longer visits and business travellers Inn old Amsterdam offers your home away from home. Surface: 105 sqm Our serviced apartment offers you a well outfitted and comfortable home together with the ultimate historical Amsterdam experience. The apartment Waagzicht is situated right on the Nieuwmarkt square overlooking the famous former city gate called the Waag. Some of the historical unique landmark features are, original staircases, wooden floors, original beams recycled from old V.O.C. ships and view onto the old city centre of Amsterdam. Situated in the lively Nieuwmarkt area, you will find lots of bars, restaurants and café’s at your doorstep. Easy access to all public transportation to any direction in and outside Amsterdam. Important information: This authentic historical building has steep and open stairs. Therefore it is less suitable for elderly or disabled guests. Special features: • perfect suitable for two couples, or two colleagues. • historical landmark • city centre S","For longer visits and business travellers Inn old Amsterdam offers your home away from home.  The apartment Waagzicht is situated right on the Nieuwmarkt square overlooking the famous former city gate called the Waag. Situated in the lively Nieuwmarkt area, you will find lots of bars, restaurants and café’s at your doorstep. Easy access to all public transportation to any direction in and outside Amsterdam. For longer visits and business travellers Inn old Amsterdam offers your home away from home. Surface: 105 sqm Our serviced apartment offers you a well outfitted and comfortable home together with the ultimate historical Amsterdam experience. The apartment Waagzicht is situated right on the Nieuwmarkt square overlooking the famous former city gate called the Waag. Some of the historical unique landmark features are, original staircases, wooden floors, original beams recycled from old V.O.C. ships and view onto the old city centre of Amsterdam. Situated in the lively Nieuwmarkt area,","Situated in the lively Nieuwmarkt area, you will find lots of bars, restaurants and café’s at your doorstep. Easy access to all public transportation to any direction in and outside Amsterdam.",P+R Oosterdok €14 per 24 hrs Amsterdam Central station 10min walk Schiphol 20km,
