"Lovely bright double bedroom with spacious balcony. The apartment is located in one of the nicest area's: De Pijp.  It's the most vibrant, trendy and cosmopolitan neighborhood of Amsterdam. Within walking distance there are numerous restaurants, bars and shops, museums, the famous Albert Cuyp street market, Heineken Experience. Want to relax? Go to the Sarphati parc around the corner or the Vondelpark which is a 10 min walk. This area is not touristical. Public transport is a few footsteps away.","The apartment has a large living room, a dining table, and two balconies. The kitchen is a pleasure to cook in and the dishwasher makes clean-up a snap! The location:  The apartment is situated in the famous trendy area ‘De Pijp’. A neighbourhood with countless cafés and bars, dining options from around the world. It’s just a 2 minute walk to the famous Albert Cuyp market and the beautiful Sarphatipark and It will take you no more than another 15 minutes to stroll to the Leidse square and Museum quarter where you will find the van Gogh museum, National museum (Rijksmuseum), Stedelijk museum and the Concert Hall. Even the RAI Congress Center is really nearby as is the connection to the airport (train station RAI or Amstel). Bus and tram stops are just around the corner, these will take you pretty much to any place in the city. The possibilities of getting around in amsterdam are trull endless…..But the best and most flexible way to discover the city is of course by bike, which can easil","Lovely bright double bedroom with spacious balcony. The apartment is located in one of the nicest area's: De Pijp.  It's the most vibrant, trendy and cosmopolitan neighborhood of Amsterdam. Within walking distance there are numerous restaurants, bars and shops, museums, the famous Albert Cuyp street market, Heineken Experience. Want to relax? Go to the Sarphati parc around the corner or the Vondelpark which is a 10 min walk. This area is not touristical. Public transport is a few footsteps away. The apartment has a large living room, a dining table, and two balconies. The kitchen is a pleasure to cook in and the dishwasher makes clean-up a snap! The location:  The apartment is situated in the famous trendy area ‘De Pijp’. A neighbourhood with countless cafés and bars, dining options from around the world. It’s just a 2 minute walk to the famous Albert Cuyp market and the beautiful Sarphatipark and It will take you no more than another 15 minutes to stroll to the Leidse square and Museu","The apartment is situated in the famous trendy area ‘De Pijp’. A neighbourhood with countless cafés and bars, dining options from around the world. It’s just a 2 minute walk to the famous Albert Cuyp market and the beautiful Sarphatipark and It will take you no more than another 15 minutes to stroll to the Leidse square and Museum quarter where you will find the van Gogh museum, National museum (Rijksmuseum), Stedelijk museum and the Concert Hall. Even the RAI Congress Center is really nearby as is the connection to the airport (train station RAI or Amstel). Bus and tram stops are just around the corner, these will take you pretty much to any place in the city. The possibilities of getting around in Amsterdam are trull endless…..But the best and most flexible way to discover the city is of course by bike, which can easily be rented all over the city.",Go to Amsterdam CS. Take tram 16 or 24 here. Get out at Albert Cuypmarkt. Walk from the Ferdinand Bolstraat to HEMA. That's my street.  My is very well connected by public transport.,- Smoking on the balcony not inside
