,"70m2 apartment in a beautifully restored 17th century warehouse in the centre of Amsterdam. The spacious living room has warm colors and three characteristic balconies facing south overlooking the green of the Oostenburgerpark. The kitchen comes with a dishwasher, fridge, freezer, oven, watercooker and espresso machine. The functional bathroom has a warm water shower, sink and toilet and the bedroom has a comfortable double bed. Wireless internet is available. The area has a lot of nice bars and restaurants and is very well connected with public transport.","70m2 apartment in a beautifully restored 17th century warehouse in the centre of Amsterdam. The spacious living room has warm colors and three characteristic balconies facing south overlooking the green of the Oostenburgerpark. The kitchen comes with a dishwasher, fridge, freezer, oven, watercooker and espresso machine. The functional bathroom has a warm water shower, sink and toilet and the bedroom has a comfortable double bed. Wireless internet is available. The area has a lot of nice bars and restaurants and is very well connected with public transport. From and To Schiphol Airport/Amsterdam Central Station Coming from Schiphol Airport, there is a very regular direct train connection to Ams Central Station (departures from platforms 1 and 2). The trains run at least 8 times per hour and take 14 minutes (Intercity) or 17 minutes (Sprinter). You can buy tickets at the yellow ticket machines already in the baggage hall of the airport or at Schiphol Plaza. Tickets costs €4,80 one way.  ",,"From and To Schiphol Airport/Amsterdam Central Station Coming from Schiphol Airport, there is a very regular direct train connection to Ams Central Station (departures from platforms 1 and 2). The trains run at least 8 times per hour and take 14 minutes (Intercity) or 17 minutes (Sprinter). You can buy tickets at the yellow ticket machines already in the baggage hall of the airport or at Schiphol Plaza. Tickets costs €4,80 one way.  From Amsterdam Central Station, there is a very regular bus connection line 22 Indische Buurt that stops close to the apartment: busstop Oostenburgergracht. It’s a five minute busdrive and from the stop a 200m walk.  Going to Schiphol Airport is similar. The busline going the opposite direction is 22 Station Sloterdijk. From Amsterdam Central Station trains leave from platforms If you arrive or leave at inhospitable hours, public transport is less frequent and you might have to plan ahead. Here’s are the links to the local public transport and railway plann",
