This beautiful suite style apartment is situated in one of the best neighbourhood in A'dam. The place is full of sun and light and has a great roof terrace. And! It comes with Mimi the cat! so only for real cat lovers : ),"Modern fully-equipped apartment (65 m2) located in the city centre (Oud-west neighbourhood) within walking distance of the Vondelpark and other great places in the city.  The entrance is on the 3rd floor and a private staircase leads you to the 4th floor. It is facing west (living room) and east (bedroom). Also, the ceiling window in the living room lets lots of sun and light in.  AND! there is a roof terrace that provides 360 degree view of Amsterdam! The apartment is spacious and well equipped; fridge, 4-burner gas stove, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, jacuzzi, shower. The toilette is separated from the bathroom.  There is a central heating system throughout the house. All windows have double glass for complete thermal and noise insulation. There is no TV but there is free high-speed WiFi internet available in the apartment! The bedroom has a twin bed 160 x 200 cm. The room is separated from the main space with two glass doors (suite-style) letting the light go through the whole ","This beautiful suite style apartment is situated in one of the best neighbourhood in A'dam. The place is full of sun and light and has a great roof terrace. And! It comes with Mimi the cat! so only for real cat lovers : ) Modern fully-equipped apartment (65 m2) located in the city centre (Oud-west neighbourhood) within walking distance of the Vondelpark and other great places in the city.  The entrance is on the 3rd floor and a private staircase leads you to the 4th floor. It is facing west (living room) and east (bedroom). Also, the ceiling window in the living room lets lots of sun and light in.  AND! there is a roof terrace that provides 360 degree view of Amsterdam! The apartment is spacious and well equipped; fridge, 4-burner gas stove, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, jacuzzi, shower. The toilette is separated from the bathroom.  There is a central heating system throughout the house. All windows have double glass for complete thermal and noise insulation. There is no TV but th","The apartment is situated in a very tranquil and safe residential neighborhood. There are many cafes and restaurants closed by. Ten Katemarkt (a daily market) and De Hallen (Centre for media, culture, fashion, food and crafts, including a cinema!) are just around the corner. In addition there are  several supermarkets (open 7/7 until 10pm) and small groceries stores and bakeries.","There are multiple tram lines that can take you anywhere in the city (line 3, 12, 7, 17).  And there are bike/scooters rental shops located within 5 minutes walk. The Museum Quarter (Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk, Rijksmuseum) is a 20 min walk away and is reachable by crossing the beautiful Vondelpark. Central Station is 10 minutes by tram.","Check in after 9PM is an addition of 20 Euro It is a non smoker apartment and I'd rather keep it this way.   I have great relation with my neighbours and we are all very respectful to each other. Please respect their privacy and nightly rest as they respect yours.  Accident happen; if you break something, please share with me. I prefer knowing than having to find out afterwards.  For the rest, you'll see the manual on the desk when you come in."
