Our luxurious apartment (+ balcony) in one of Amsterdams most trendiest and upcoming neighborhoods is a perfect place to stay and enjoy this vibrant city. The city centre is a 10 minute bike ride and is also easily accessible by public transport. ,"We offer our nice, clean and luxorious apartment in the ""Indische Buurt"" in Amsterdam. The appartment has three bedrooms, all with kingsize dubble beds. Therefore, the appartement would be perfectly sized for three couples visiting Amsterdam for a weekend.  The so-called: ""Javastraat"", ""Javaplein"" and ""Oosterpark"" are within walking distance, where bars, shops and supermarkets are located.","Our luxurious apartment (+ balcony) in one of Amsterdams most trendiest and upcoming neighborhoods is a perfect place to stay and enjoy this vibrant city. The city centre is a 10 minute bike ride and is also easily accessible by public transport.  We offer our nice, clean and luxorious apartment in the ""Indische Buurt"" in Amsterdam. The appartment has three bedrooms, all with kingsize dubble beds. Therefore, the appartement would be perfectly sized for three couples visiting Amsterdam for a weekend.  The so-called: ""Javastraat"", ""Javaplein"" and ""Oosterpark"" are within walking distance, where bars, shops and supermarkets are located. The key can be picked up at the local bar called Joost, or will be brought by one of the owners. We will arrange this after you have booked the room. During your stay I won't be in the apartment. Yet, if you have any questions do not hassle to contact me or them. I am always willing to help you. I love the ""Indische buurt"", because it's a vibrant and upcomi","I love the ""Indische buurt"", because it's a vibrant and upcoming neighborhood with a variety of people and cultures. In the Indian neighborhood, and Amsterdam-East, you can find multicultural markets, hipster bars, high-end restaurants, underground club and lovely parks. Everything you need for a nice stay in this amazing city and neighbourhood.","From my apartment there are direct connections with busses and trams to the city centre, the mayor train stations and the airport: ""Schiphol"".",
