,"This apartment is located in the up and coming 'Indische buurt' in Amsterdam East. The lively and multicultural neighbourhood contains a local market (recently selected the most sociable market of The Netherlands), a park (Oosterpark), a classical windmill where you can drink the famous self-brewed beer of Brouwerij t'IJ, and many more. As you can see on the pictures the house is well furnished and even contains a 450L fishtank. WIFI and cable TV connections are established. The house consists of 1 living room, a kitchen, a bathroom, a hall, a bedroom with a kingsize bed, and a terrace, pointed perfectly at the sun at midday. (see the picture of the house plan) Also I have a parking spot available for you near the house, so you don't have to pay any parking fee's. For additional information you can always contact me.","This apartment is located in the up and coming 'Indische buurt' in Amsterdam East. The lively and multicultural neighbourhood contains a local market (recently selected the most sociable market of The Netherlands), a park (Oosterpark), a classical windmill where you can drink the famous self-brewed beer of Brouwerij t'IJ, and many more. As you can see on the pictures the house is well furnished and even contains a 450L fishtank. WIFI and cable TV connections are established. The house consists of 1 living room, a kitchen, a bathroom, a hall, a bedroom with a kingsize bed, and a terrace, pointed perfectly at the sun at midday. (see the picture of the house plan) Also I have a parking spot available for you near the house, so you don't have to pay any parking fee's. For additional information you can always contact me.",,,"Hereby some details about the apartment and some rules and regulations. -You are free to check in and check out anytime you want on the specific date, but please do give me an indication about which time you think you are going to check in and out, I will be right around the block.   -As you can see on the pictures, the apartment contains a fish tank. Please DON'T put anything in the water! Feeding by the guests may be necessary depending the duration of the stay. -Please clean the house before you leave, otherwise I will have to rent a cleaner. It doesn't have to be superclean, just about as clean when you arrived.   If you have any questions, feel free to ask and message me, I'm looking forward to your stay."
