"My apartment is only for couples who want to explore te city. Private entry, good public transport connection and the Rembrandpark around the corner.","- The entrance of my appartment is on the third floor (50m2 )  - Ensuite living room and bedroom  - Bathroom with shower,sink and toilet  - Eat-in kitchen with modern appliances  - Balcony  - High speed internet/wifi  - Clean sheets and towels","My apartment is only for couples who want to explore te city. Private entry, good public transport connection and the Rembrandpark around the corner. - The entrance of my appartment is on the third floor (50m2 )  - Ensuite living room and bedroom  - Bathroom with shower,sink and toilet  - Eat-in kitchen with modern appliances  - Balcony  - High speed internet/wifi  - Clean sheets and towels You can use everything in the house: free Wifi, all the kitchen equipement and chill on the belcony if you like.  ‘Baarsjes’ area and Amsterdam The neighborhood (‘de Baarsjes’) is an upcoming area in Amsterdam and hosts a lot of new and trendy bars, restaurants and lunchrooms on every corner and a daily fresh market nearby. Public transport is just 500 mtrs. away and will take you in less than 10 mins. to the city center. Be sure not to miss the ‘de 9 straatjes’ (‘9 streets’) for trendy and one of a kind shops, walk around the Jordaan area and visit the Anne Frank Museum or take a canal boat for a u","‘Baarsjes’ area and Amsterdam The neighborhood (‘de Baarsjes’) is an upcoming area in Amsterdam and hosts a lot of new and trendy bars, restaurants and lunchrooms on every corner and a daily fresh market nearby. Public transport is just 500 mtrs. away and will take you in less than 10 mins. to the city center. Be sure not to miss the ‘de 9 straatjes’ (‘9 streets’) for trendy and one of a kind shops, walk around the Jordaan area and visit the Anne Frank Museum or take a canal boat for a unique view of the city. You will find the largest park of Amsterdam, the Vondelpark, nearby the apartment for a nice stroll and for some coffee and pie in the ‘Blauwe Theehuis’. For great food & drinks just around the corner, be sure to visit: -Bar Spek -Café Zurich -Bar Baarsch -Fier -Radijs (for breakfast and lunch) -Speijkervet (for diner) -Deegrollers (pasta’s and pizza’s) -Edel, (for a night out dancing and it’s large sunny terrace) ….and that’s only to name a few","- Great public transport, only 10 minutes to city center. Tram 7 stops at Ten Kate streetmarket,  Leidseplein, Rijksmuseum, Heineken Experience. Trams 13, 17 en bus 18 goes to city center (2 minutes walk to tram 17 en bus 18) - 45 minutes to Zandvoort beach ( Bus 15  towards Station Sloterdijk ) and train to Zandvoort - 30 minutes to Schiphol via train station 'Amsterdam Lelylaan' ( Tram 17 towards Central Station) - Paid parking  ","Respect our neighbours ! Our local laws demands no nuisance during the week from 22:00 o'clock and the weekends from 1:00 o'clock. Please, respect these! Smoking only allowed on balcony! No drugs allowed in the appartment! No pets allowed Do not invite strangers into the appartment Besides this, feel especially at home and enjoy your stay!"
