"Welcome, I would love to tell you a little bit about my apartment! It is situated in the Amsterdam museum & fashion district and within walking distance of the city centre canals. A great place from which to enjoy everything Amsterdam has to offer!","Spacious, bright and modern apartment (approx. 85 m) with roof terrace (approx. 60 m) located in the real ""Old South"" area of Amsterdam round the corner of the Cornelis Schuytstraat, the Vondelpark and Museumplein with the Concerthall and the Rijks-, Van Gogh- and City museum. Spacious bedroom with double box spring bed. The bedroom has a sliding doors which open wide so you can enjoy the beautiful garden view and lovely fresh air can get inside. The Cornelis Schuytstraat with its fashion boutiques and trendy restaurants is literally around the corner (75 m away). This is the place to ""see and be seen"", on the weekends there are often several papparazzi active hoping to make a snapshot of some Dutch celebs. Recommended restaurants in the neighbourhood are ""Willems"" and ""George WPA"". In addition the Museumplein is located within 5 minutes walking distance and just beyond that you will find restaurant Loetje (an Amsterdam classic!), Izakaya (with a trendy crowd and Japanese/Argentinian f","Welcome, I would love to tell you a little bit about my apartment! It is situated in the Amsterdam museum & fashion district and within walking distance of the city centre canals. A great place from which to enjoy everything Amsterdam has to offer! Spacious, bright and modern apartment (approx. 85 m) with roof terrace (approx. 60 m) located in the real ""Old South"" area of Amsterdam round the corner of the Cornelis Schuytstraat, the Vondelpark and Museumplein with the Concerthall and the Rijks-, Van Gogh- and City museum. Spacious bedroom with double box spring bed. The bedroom has a sliding doors which open wide so you can enjoy the beautiful garden view and lovely fresh air can get inside. The Cornelis Schuytstraat with its fashion boutiques and trendy restaurants is literally around the corner (75 m away). This is the place to ""see and be seen"", on the weekends there are often several papparazzi active hoping to make a snapshot of some Dutch celebs. Recommended restaurants in the nei","The great thing about the neighborhood is the fact that it has a village feel whilst it is situated in within 5 minutes walk of all the great Museum (Van Gogh, National museum, City Museum, etc) and very close to the city centre canals",,No smoking inside please. On the roof terrace please feel free to smoke as long as you use an ash tray. Much appreciated!
