"The apartment KINKERSTRAATis an attic appartment, with four steep stairs leading to the top floor with beautiful views over the west part of the city. It is only 5 minutes walking  from the city centre. The public transport, the tram, stops nearly in front of the door. The appartment is only suitable for one person ore a couple. It is not allowed to smoke in the apartment. Modern en sfeervol ingericht appartement vlakbij het centrum van Amsterdam. Het appartement zit op de bovenste verdieping. Het heeft veel ramen met prachtig uitzicht over de stad en een gracht. Veel belangrijke punten zijn op loopafstand, Vondelpark, Leidseplein, grachtengordel en een winkelstraat voor de deur.  Het is ideaal geschikt voor 1 of 2 personen. De tram naar het centraal station stopt voor de deur. Waarschuwing, steile trappen!!!",,"The apartment KINKERSTRAATis an attic appartment, with four steep stairs leading to the top floor with beautiful views over the west part of the city. It is only 5 minutes walking  from the city centre. The public transport, the tram, stops nearly in front of the door. The appartment is only suitable for one person ore a couple. It is not allowed to smoke in the apartment. Modern en sfeervol ingericht appartement vlakbij het centrum van Amsterdam. Het appartement zit op de bovenste verdieping. Het heeft veel ramen met prachtig uitzicht over de stad en een gracht. Veel belangrijke punten zijn op loopafstand, Vondelpark, Leidseplein, grachtengordel en een winkelstraat voor de deur.  Het is ideaal geschikt voor 1 of 2 personen. De tram naar het centraal station stopt voor de deur. Waarschuwing, steile trappen!!! Oud West is a trendy and hip neighborhood in a 10 minutes walk from the center of Amsterdam. Last few years lot's of new restaurants, small cool bars, arthouse cinema and the new ","Oud West is a trendy and hip neighborhood in a 10 minutes walk from the center of Amsterdam. Last few years lot's of new restaurants, small cool bars, arthouse cinema and the new foodHallen have settled in this neighborhood.","In my street you can rent bicycles, great way to discover the city. Almost in front of the apartment stops the tram to bring you in 1 stop to the center. 5 minutes from the apartment is a big busstation, bus 197 brings you direct to the airport.",
