"At only 5 minutes walk from Leidsesquare is our wonderful appartement, situated in a monumental building, former hospital. The atmosphere is unique and tranquil, the garden huge. Here you can feel like 'God in France' in the heart of Amsterdam!","Our house is situated in an old monumental building, originally a hospital. Therefore it has typical high ceilings and beautiful arched ceilings. The unexpected classification of the house, rooms at differents heights on different floors, gives the house it's cosy atmosphere, and people sometimes named our house a 'Harry Potter'-house. A house that soon will feel like a home to you! And nevertheless situated in maybe the best area of Amsterdam, so a real ""must-see""-destination! Further facilities are:  - Big flatscreen TV with cable  - DVD/Blu-ray player with a range of English spoken movies and series  - Linen, towels - Microwave, oven, dishwasher, Quooker - Washing machine, drying machine - Wireless internet  - Tea, coffee, herbs, toiletpaper, sugar, a bottle of wine, or a cold beer waiting for you in the fridge We offer you the perfect spot to discover Amsterdam, and yet relax and really get that holiday-feeling. We are very happy to welcome you to our unique, superbe and modern app","At only 5 minutes walk from Leidsesquare is our wonderful appartement, situated in a monumental building, former hospital. The atmosphere is unique and tranquil, the garden huge. Here you can feel like 'God in France' in the heart of Amsterdam! Our house is situated in an old monumental building, originally a hospital. Therefore it has typical high ceilings and beautiful arched ceilings. The unexpected classification of the house, rooms at differents heights on different floors, gives the house it's cosy atmosphere, and people sometimes named our house a 'Harry Potter'-house. A house that soon will feel like a home to you! And nevertheless situated in maybe the best area of Amsterdam, so a real ""must-see""-destination! Further facilities are:  - Big flatscreen TV with cable  - DVD/Blu-ray player with a range of English spoken movies and series  - Linen, towels - Microwave, oven, dishwasher, Quooker - Washing machine, drying machine - Wireless internet  - Tea, coffee, herbs, toiletpaper,","What makes our neighbourhood special is the diversity of people. There are many artistic people living in this neigbourhood, actors, artists, different cultures, expats, young and old. We all get along quite easily. The atmosphere is easy going and open. There are many nice café's and coffeecorners nearby, as well as all the necessary shops (walinkg distance), and nice restaurants. The Vondelpark is only 5 minutes away from our house, as is the Leidsesquare and the Jordaan with it's famous canals (one of the best shopping areas of Amsterdam). You can walk to the musea: Rijksmuseum, van Gogh, Stedelijk, and otherwise take the tram to go anywhere else, the tram stops at a few minutes from our house. The liveliness and typical Amsterdam atmosphere is only a few meters away, but you will definitely also enjoy the tranquility of our house, garden and surrounding areas after a busy day in Amsterdam. ","Different trams have stops near our house, but you can walk to most of the highlights of Amsterdam. ","Our house is a non-smoking house.  Dogs are not allowed. We expect you to treat our house and our belongings with respect, and let us know if something breaks or is disfunctional.  But most of all: enjoy our house and surroundings and - of course- enjoy Amsterdam!  Please regard our neigbours, don't play loud music in the night, etc."
