,"Bed & Breakfast Riet is a modern, spacious,comfy apartment with it's own entrance. The apartment exists of one big space and a separate bathroom with toilet. There's a double bed and a sofa couch. The apartment includes a fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher. There's a washer available for € 5 per  laundry. The apartment is capable for a 4-person stay. Windows and skylights are offering a pleasant light space.  The apartment is settled in the north of Amsterdam only 10 minutes away from the centre by bike or bus.  The nearest public transit is a 1-minute walk away.  This most beautiful location in Amsterdam North situated right between “Camping Vliegenbos” and “Camping Zeeburg” offers you the best of both worlds. This guesthouse is laying against the old center of Amsterdam and also right beside the countryside. Parking for free,  Wi-Fi for free. In 10 minutes you are in the beautiful old-town of Amsterdam, but also in the same time you walk or bike in the beautiful polder-landscape w","Bed & Breakfast Riet is a modern, spacious,comfy apartment with it's own entrance. The apartment exists of one big space and a separate bathroom with toilet. There's a double bed and a sofa couch. The apartment includes a fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher. There's a washer available for € 5 per  laundry. The apartment is capable for a 4-person stay. Windows and skylights are offering a pleasant light space.  The apartment is settled in the north of Amsterdam only 10 minutes away from the centre by bike or bus.  The nearest public transit is a 1-minute walk away.  This most beautiful location in Amsterdam North situated right between “Camping Vliegenbos” and “Camping Zeeburg” offers you the best of both worlds. This guesthouse is laying against the old center of Amsterdam and also right beside the countryside. Parking for free,  Wi-Fi for free. In 10 minutes you are in the beautiful old-town of Amsterdam, but also in the same time you walk or bike in the beautiful polder-landscape w",,,
