"The apartment is close to the city centre, 5 to 15 minutes cycling. It is located in a quiet area. There are plenty of public transport just around the corner such as tram, buses or metro. It is also close to a train station - Sloterdijk Station.","Amsterdam with Your Personal Tour Guide. A very nice Apartment, 84 square meters, Fully fusrnished, 10 minutes from the city centre. very covinient if You want to visit the museuns and the city centre because there are trams and buses to the Museum's Area and to the Centre. If you are coming by car it is easy to park near the house, from 9am to 9pm, sunday Free parking. Tour Guide NOT included in the booking. Cleaning included.","The apartment is close to the city centre, 5 to 15 minutes cycling. It is located in a quiet area. There are plenty of public transport just around the corner such as tram, buses or metro. It is also close to a train station - Sloterdijk Station. Amsterdam with Your Personal Tour Guide. A very nice Apartment, 84 square meters, Fully fusrnished, 10 minutes from the city centre. very covinient if You want to visit the museuns and the city centre because there are trams and buses to the Museum's Area and to the Centre. If you are coming by car it is easy to park near the house, from 9am to 9pm, sunday Free parking. Tour Guide NOT included in the booking. Cleaning included. the guest has access to the whole apartment. I am available to help guests who are staying at my house.  I also offer a  Personal Tour Guide to serve those who are interested in Museums, Art Galleries,  Concerts, Operas, Theater and other historical aspects of Amsterdam.  The Tour Guide is not included in the booking. T","The Neighborhood, Bos en Lommer, is a residencial area, close to the city centre. Ideal area for those who are searching for a quiet place in Amsterdam.","there are buses and trams from the area to everywhere in the city. Bus to the Central Station number 21 takes 15 minutes. Trams to the city centre (12 ,14) takes about 12 minutes.","The apartment is located in a quiet area of Amsterdam West. I do daily cleaning, meaning I come to the apartment daily around 13:00. It is my own apartment. I don't sleep here while I have guests, but I do come on daily basis to clean and collect some  clean personal clothes. I do like to meet my guests at their arrival and departure so that I can give them some advice once needed and explain about the house. therefore your arrival and departure details are important. below here some other important house rules no smoking  no noise, especially after 21:00 no party no Pets no extra guests"
