"Cozy and well-loved apartment  (45 m2) with a fantastic view over the beautiful Westerpark. 10 min walk to the centre (Jordaan) through the park. Lots of great cafe's, restaurants and events, right across the Westergasfabriek, tram & bus 1 min walk","Cozy and well-loved little flat of ca. 45 m2, close to the center of Amsterdam 10 min stroll through the hip and happening Westerpark and you will be in the heart of popular Jordaan)  Upon request I will offer breakfast (bread / toast, condiments, cheese, butter, eggs, bacon, milk, fruits, musli, tea and coffee) for and additional 5,- pp / day. Please let me know upfront if you wish a breakfast or not and if you have any dietary requirements such as gluten-, dairy,- etc intolerances. I also offer vegan and vegetarian options. Most foods will be organic.  Free WiFi (of course) The bedroom overlooks the park and historic monuments of the 'Westergasfabriek' which have been renovated and turned into cafe's and bars, galleries and spaces that host art house events. There are many events in the park such as the fabulous 'Sunday Market' or 'Neighborhood Market' where people sell delicious homemade food and all sorts of art, clothes and goodies.  In the evening there are many bars (such as the","Cozy and well-loved apartment  (45 m2) with a fantastic view over the beautiful Westerpark. 10 min walk to the centre (Jordaan) through the park. Lots of great cafe's, restaurants and events, right across the Westergasfabriek, tram & bus 1 min walk Cozy and well-loved little flat of ca. 45 m2, close to the center of Amsterdam 10 min stroll through the hip and happening Westerpark and you will be in the heart of popular Jordaan)  Upon request I will offer breakfast (bread / toast, condiments, cheese, butter, eggs, bacon, milk, fruits, musli, tea and coffee) for and additional 5,- pp / day. Please let me know upfront if you wish a breakfast or not and if you have any dietary requirements such as gluten-, dairy,- etc intolerances. I also offer vegan and vegetarian options. Most foods will be organic.  Free WiFi (of course) The bedroom overlooks the park and historic monuments of the 'Westergasfabriek' which have been renovated and turned into cafe's and bars, galleries and spaces that hos","The Westerpark area is one of the most popular and hip neighbourhoods of the past 10 years. There are many cafe's, restaurants, galleries while it is 10min walking distance through the park to the famous Jordaan.  Twice a month there are markets in the park on Sunday - the Neighbourhood food market with delicious homemade foods of all kinds and the Sunday market, which is shopping paradise!","Tram Nr 10 and bus Nr 21 are both in 1min walking distance. There is also a possibility to rent bikes at a bike shop around the corner.  Its 10-15 min walking distance from my place into the city centre though the park.  If you come by car, you can use the Park & Ride system at Sloterdijk which will be much cheaper than parking in the city centre.","Dear guest, after a rather disturbing incident I have adjusted my house rules just so to be clear.  I expect my guests to leave my apartment in the same state as it was when they arrived. If The apartment is left in a mess I will need to add extra cleaning costs of 50€. RESPECT: As this is a ±100 year old house the neighbors respect each other's privacy in terms of noise pollution, especially at night, so please be considerate (no parties, loud noises, etc. please!)  SAFETY: No open flames are permitted anywhere in the house. That means no smoking or candle burning.  Please always lock the door downstairs and upstairs when you came and leave. Also, you are not allowed (obviously ;) ) to make a copy of the house key! PRIVACY: I will show you which room is to be kept private (which means no guests access) and trust that my guests will honor my request. Also I do expect my guests to respect my property and not take things with them that do belong to me. If violated, guests will be immedia"
