"Welcome to my nice studio in Amsterdam. This is  a perfect getwaway for you to enjoy the city. Amenities are basic (limited wifi, no airco), but the terrace is really nice and I just re painted and redid the floor.  Your most welcome to spend some time here.","The studio is up on top floor of the building. Everything (besides the toilet and shower, of course) is in the same space. There is a nice sized terrace for relaxing. The bed is lofted above to give extra space for a desk area. There is a small kitchen with the basics for cooking. Everything in the room is built by hand with no IKEA furniture to be found. The space is cozy and perfect for an individual or couple who are looking for a unique place to reside in during their time in the city.","Welcome to my nice studio in Amsterdam. This is  a perfect getwaway for you to enjoy the city. Amenities are basic (limited wifi, no airco), but the terrace is really nice and I just re painted and redid the floor.  Your most welcome to spend some time here. The studio is up on top floor of the building. Everything (besides the toilet and shower, of course) is in the same space. There is a nice sized terrace for relaxing. The bed is lofted above to give extra space for a desk area. There is a small kitchen with the basics for cooking. Everything in the room is built by hand with no IKEA furniture to be found. The space is cozy and perfect for an individual or couple who are looking for a unique place to reside in during their time in the city. This is a private studio with bathroom, kitchen and roof terrace all included. It's basic but comfortable and clean. Wifi is in limited edition because i usually don't use it myself. It's a mifi, so you can look up whatever you want but if you st",it's a really nice vivid neighboorhood.. some nice coffe bars are popping up.. but the most wonderfull thing is absolutely the flevopark one of the few wilder areas in the city.. altough 'wild' is not really a dutch phenomenon... we have beautifull other stuff tough..,getting a bus 22 from the station is quite easy or taking tram 14 just around the corner.. but hiring a bike is a better suggestion i think...,"Your very welcome te stay in the appartment and I hope you have a wonderfull time. There's no curfew and you can be free in your doing aslong as you don't disturb the neighbours, I have never had complains myself (the place is not that noisy) but I want to keep it that way. So this means no loud music after 22 pm, being a bit silent on the staircase and not shouting naked on the roof terrace when your drunk, the usual.  Besides this I would appreciate you to tell me if anything breaks or if you'ld like to take home a book or something. I'm really quiet laidback on such matters, but I don't like it if people hide stuff from me."
