"In our 1906 build house in a beautiful and very quiet street -with old Acacia threes -  in the centre of Amsterdam, we rent three lovely bedrooms for five persons with two double beds and one other double bed which can be changed to 2 single beds. You are also welcome to use the large kitchen, make your own breakfast or sit at the veranda or in the garden.","In our 1906 build house in a beautiful and very quiet street -with old Acacia threes -  in the centre of Amsterdam, we rent three lovely bedrooms for five persons with two double beds and one other double bed which can be changed to 2 single beds. The bathroom, shower and toilet are for your private use next to the bedroom. Downstairs in the basement there is another bathroom with an bath. You are also welcome to use the large kitchen, make your own breakfast at the large, 18th century Kitchen table or work there on your laptop quietly. With nice weather you can also sit at the veranda or under the bambou threes in the garden, next to the Krommert park, listening to the birds and the distant sounds of the city.  You may also want to eat your breakfast in one of the trendy cafe's just around the corner, like Speijkervet, Thuis, Louter, Alverna or Indebaars.   Our house is a very personal mix of old paintings, modern art, lots of books, photographs & brocante furniture.   From our house ","In our 1906 build house in a beautiful and very quiet street -with old Acacia threes -  in the centre of Amsterdam, we rent three lovely bedrooms for five persons with two double beds and one other double bed which can be changed to 2 single beds. You are also welcome to use the large kitchen, make your own breakfast or sit at the veranda or in the garden. In our 1906 build house in a beautiful and very quiet street -with old Acacia threes -  in the centre of Amsterdam, we rent three lovely bedrooms for five persons with two double beds and one other double bed which can be changed to 2 single beds. The bathroom, shower and toilet are for your private use next to the bedroom. Downstairs in the basement there is another bathroom with an bath. You are also welcome to use the large kitchen, make your own breakfast at the large, 18th century Kitchen table or work there on your laptop quietly. With nice weather you can also sit at the veranda or under the bambou threes in the garden, next t",,,after 22.00 silence in the garden
