"Ons mooie en comfortabele 1-slaapkamerappartement, ligt heel centraal in de stad. In een rustige straat, op loopafstand van de binnenstad. Er kunnen met gemak 2 personen verblijven. Maar ook een familie van 4 personen is welkom. Geniet van onze ruime keuken; onze koffie en thee wacht op u! Ontbijt niet inbegrepen maar op aanvraag mogelijk, nabij ons appartement zijn vele winkels open tot 22.00 uur en hebben hebben we een nachtwinkel op de hoek. Zodat u makkelijk zelf u boodschappen kunt halen.","A beautiful apartment ideal for people who are looking for a special spot. The location is central and adjacent to one of the nicest squares in Amsterdam, close to the famous “Jordaan” district. You can easily walk to Anne Frank’s House (15 minutes), the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum (both just 20 minutes). Close by, you will find plenty of nice shops and supermarkets. Your hostess can inform you about special shops in the area. There are a lot of international restaurants nearby. The ‘nine streets’ – a renowned shopping area in the Jordaan – is also very close to the Art Apartment. Our recently renovated apartment is very luxurious and is located one floor above street level. It is double-glazed, so you won’t be kept awake by the traffic. The bedroom has a romantic and oriental ambiance. The three colourful Vietnamese lamps evoke a wonderful mood. You can sleep on a comfortable box-spring mattress 140 by 200 centimetres.","A beautiful apartment ideal for people who are looking for a special spot. The location is central and adjacent to one of the nicest squares in Amsterdam, close to the famous “Jordaan” district. You can easily walk to Anne Frank’s House (15 minutes), the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum (both just 20 minutes). Close by, you will find plenty of nice shops and supermarkets. Your hostess can inform you about special shops in the area. There are a lot of international restaurants nearby. The ‘nine streets’ – a renowned shopping area in the Jordaan – is also very close to the Art Apartment. Our recently renovated apartment is very luxurious and is located one floor above street level. It is double-glazed, so you won’t be kept awake by the traffic. The bedroom has a romantic and oriental ambiance. The three colourful Vietnamese lamps evoke a wonderful mood. You can sleep on a comfortable box-spring mattress 140 by 200 centimetres.","De buurt is gezellig, een echte woonwijk! Veel leuke winkels en restaurants in de buurt!",,check-out 11:00 check-in after 14:00 No more than 2 persons staying/sleeping in apartment
