,"A great just very new renovated private apartment of about 60 m2: A big  kitchen with a balcony with a great few to the green gardens below. A livingroom and a sleeping area  with a comfortable double bed. It is nearby the Vondelpark ( 3 minutes walk ) and although you are in the middle of the city Amsterdam you will be surrounded with the song of birds. You will be in a very quiet area. Just around the corner there are many little restaurants , lunchrooms , places for a nice breakfast, many shops and a great daily-marked! The appartment is just totally renovated and I kept a lot of old details of the classical stile in wich the house was build in 1890. You will have your own entry, shower and separated toilet and of course there is Wifi/Tv/Dvd+cd and radio and a brand-new kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a extensive cooking area.. The area is near the center of Amsterdam, you can go by foot to the Jordaan, the canals and the very centre of the city and to the big Museums and the","A great just very new renovated private apartment of about 60 m2: A big  kitchen with a balcony with a great few to the green gardens below. A livingroom and a sleeping area  with a comfortable double bed. It is nearby the Vondelpark ( 3 minutes walk ) and although you are in the middle of the city Amsterdam you will be surrounded with the song of birds. You will be in a very quiet area. Just around the corner there are many little restaurants , lunchrooms , places for a nice breakfast, many shops and a great daily-marked! The appartment is just totally renovated and I kept a lot of old details of the classical stile in wich the house was build in 1890. You will have your own entry, shower and separated toilet and of course there is Wifi/Tv/Dvd+cd and radio and a brand-new kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a extensive cooking area.. The area is near the center of Amsterdam, you can go by foot to the Jordaan, the canals and the very centre of the city and to the big Museums and the","Everything you need just around the corner,2 min walk. A lot of little most different little restaurants , breakfast/lunch rooms just around the corner. A openair daily market 5 min. away. Vondelpark so nearby!!","Very easy to go into the city,or to the 2 stations. (Central station or Amsterdam Lelylaan.) Tram 1 and 7,17  have there stops closeby.",This appartment is a Non-Smoking appartment.
