Great apartment in a typical 400 year old listed monument within the UNESCO world heritage part of the centre of Amsterdam. This apartment has lots of charm and is located in a quiet sidestreet of the Haarlemmerstraat and Brouwersgracht.,"Luxury Harlem is located on the Binnen Wieringerstraat, in the historic centre of Amsterdam.  Not much can be found about this nameless house in the archives of Amsterdam. It is built against the old sea dike that protected Amsterdam in the times before the Oranjesluis or the Afsluitdijk were built.  On one side of this charming little street connects to the Brouwersgracht (Brewers canal) and on the other side it connects to the Haarlemmerstraat.  This historic house was built around 1620. It is one of the few houses that still boast its original gable, which is a classical renaissance crow-stepped gable; this is a stair-step type of design at the top of the triangular gable-end of a building. Not only the gable is still original, the interior with its solid oak beams as well as the steep staircases are original. It is not hard to imagine a Dutch merchant family doing business from this very location.  Apartment description From the hallway the first set of stairs leads to the first fl","Great apartment in a typical 400 year old listed monument within the UNESCO world heritage part of the centre of Amsterdam. This apartment has lots of charm and is located in a quiet sidestreet of the Haarlemmerstraat and Brouwersgracht. Luxury Harlem is located on the Binnen Wieringerstraat, in the historic centre of Amsterdam.  Not much can be found about this nameless house in the archives of Amsterdam. It is built against the old sea dike that protected Amsterdam in the times before the Oranjesluis or the Afsluitdijk were built.  On one side of this charming little street connects to the Brouwersgracht (Brewers canal) and on the other side it connects to the Haarlemmerstraat.  This historic house was built around 1620. It is one of the few houses that still boast its original gable, which is a classical renaissance crow-stepped gable; this is a stair-step type of design at the top of the triangular gable-end of a building. Not only the gable is still original, the interior with its","The house is built against the old sea dike that protected Amsterdam. On one side of this charming little street there is the Brouwersgracht (brewers canal) and on the other side there is the Haarlemmerstraat. From the Brouwersgracht one has access to the entire canal ring and this is a great spot to relax and watch the boats go by. The many restaurants and bars in the canal ring and Jordaan area are just a few minutes walking away. The Haarlemmerstraat is a shopping street with many boutique shops and this street has been voted as the best shopping street of the Netherlands for three years running, due to its wide variety of shops, boutiques, cafes, restaurants, galleries and antique shops. Nearby points of interest •Jordaan – 0 minutes walking •Centraal Station - 4 minutes walking •Dam Square – 5 minutes walking •Westerkerk/Anne Frank - 6 minutes walking •Spui – 7 minutes walking •9 Streets Area - 7 minutes walking •Flower Market - 9 minutes walking •Nieuwmarkt - 10 minutes walking •",From here you can easily walk to all the sights in the city. Public transport is close by at Centraal Station. Nearby points of interest •Jordaan – 0 minutes walking •Centraal Station - 4 minutes walking •Dam Square – 5 minutes walking •Westerkerk/Anne Frank - 6 minutes walking •Spui – 7 minutes walking •9 Streets Area - 7 minutes walking •Flower Market - 9 minutes walking •Nieuwmarkt - 10 minutes walking •Rembrandt plein - 10 minutes walking •Leidseplein - 15 minutes walking,"Treat the apartment as if it were your own and keep in mind that you have neighbours.  The apartment is a regular home not an after hours club, so no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc. Police will fine when complaints are made after 23:00 (11pm) or before 07:00 (7am). At time of departure: make sure the apartment is tidy, the dishes are done, the garbage is bagged and the oven, hob and fridge/freezer are clean. If the apartment is found not to meet these requirements an additional cleaning fee of at least 50 EUR will be charged. Smoking of any kind is not allowed in any of our properties, the fine can go up to 300 EUR if this rule is not followed, this may also result in a triggering of the fire alarm. All keys must be returned upon departure. Failure to do so will incur a replacement fee of € 200 per set of keys. Guests must immediately inform the host of all defects in the apartment and damages that occur in the apartment. If host is not informed of defects, host cannot be hel"
