"Our apartment is 75 m2 in an authentic house (Berlage style). We've got great living room with a fireplace! Close the de Jordaan, Anne Frank house and city center, but far enough to get a good night sleep. Perfect for 4 persons. 1 extra babybed is possible. We love art, design and music!","bright, clean and sunny apartment 75m2.  Very close to city center, far enough to get some good night sleep. This large and light apartment is situated in Old West, nearby the Jordaan. It is an upcoming neighbourhood with a lot of nice bars, restaurants and little shops. The street is very quiet, green and wide. We have one cat who will be home and will need some tenderness, love and food. He is really sweet and kid friendly. The apartment  has two balconies. It has a very large living room, 2 bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and an extra (small)room where we can make an extra bed our baby bed   We take care of everything: blankets, towels, cooking supplies, television, internet etc. Please note that being respectful for our house, because it is a great place. If you're looking for a place to party, look somewhere else. Hope to welcome you in our apartment,","Our apartment is 75 m2 in an authentic house (Berlage style). We've got great living room with a fireplace! Close the de Jordaan, Anne Frank house and city center, but far enough to get a good night sleep. Perfect for 4 persons. 1 extra babybed is possible. We love art, design and music! bright, clean and sunny apartment 75m2.  Very close to city center, far enough to get some good night sleep. This large and light apartment is situated in Old West, nearby the Jordaan. It is an upcoming neighbourhood with a lot of nice bars, restaurants and little shops. The street is very quiet, green and wide. We have one cat who will be home and will need some tenderness, love and food. He is really sweet and kid friendly. The apartment  has two balconies. It has a very large living room, 2 bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and an extra (small)room where we can make an extra bed our baby bed   We take care of everything: blankets, towels, cooking supplies, television, internet etc. Please note that be",We love the mondial character of our neighborhood. Restaurants from all over the world. We love that we life close the the jordaan and Anne Frankhouse in a nicely bilt berlage street,easy to get to central station and sloterdijk and the rest of Amsterdam. Tram stops around the corner,Respect for our house. Be friendly to our neighbors. Cat lovers welcome! No smoking no drugs in the house please. Smoking on balcony is admitted
