"In 't Hooi is a property( 45m2) situated in a completely renovated and comfortable haystack. This accommodation is situated in an old and historical village, only 6 km from the centre of Amsterdam","The haystack is a very comfortable small appartment (45m2) with private covered terras, located independently. Its surrounded by grass-land and a often lot of sheep. Downstairs you will find the well equiped kitchen and sittingroom and upstairs the bedroom with large comfortable bed, and the bathroom with shower and toilet. There is an extra sink in the bedroom.","In 't Hooi is a property( 45m2) situated in a completely renovated and comfortable haystack. This accommodation is situated in an old and historical village, only 6 km from the centre of Amsterdam The haystack is a very comfortable small appartment (45m2) with private covered terras, located independently. Its surrounded by grass-land and a often lot of sheep. Downstairs you will find the well equiped kitchen and sittingroom and upstairs the bedroom with large comfortable bed, and the bathroom with shower and toilet. There is an extra sink in the bedroom. There is a lot of space around the haystack and a private terras with chairs, a large table and a bbq and outdoor stove with wood. We are very pleased, if required, to give our quests all the information they need, concerning the city but also the area around Amsterdam. We have a lot of information available in the appartment. The extra value of this area is that it is only 6 km from the centre of Amsterdam. Its a very quiet place (fa","The extra value of this area is that it is only 6 km from the centre of Amsterdam. Its a very quiet place (farmland) to rest after a long day in the busy city of Amsterdam. Apart from the city, this area is very attractive for cycling and walking. There are special bikeroads everywhere. We have bikes available for you. Also its very nice to hire a small boat (electric) just nearby to explore the area and the beautiful small villages from the water. Also there is a nice golfcourse at 2 km.","Public transport is not available anymore.Without a car you have to cycle to the nearest tram of take taxi's. To get around easy a car is the best option. 3 km from our place is a cheap parking possibility, Park & Ride, and a fast streetcar to the centre which takes only 5 minutes. All the information about these possibilities are also available in the appartment.",Smoking is forbidden in the appartment. Pets are on request.
