"B&B Clean and quiet room with private loggia for 1-3 guests. The apartment is located in popular West, 10-20 min to most tourist attractions. Bus and tram in front of the building.  I serve a nice, healthy (BIO) breakfast in a homely, social atmosphere.  There is a shared shower/bath and separate toilet. WIFI, hairdryer, toiletries, towels, city map and information are available.  I prefer (adult/elderly) couples or women, but don't feel comfortable with 3 male guests. No smoking, no drugs","The apartment is in a modern renovated building in the popular Baarsjes area, build in Amsterdam School Style. The room is not very big, but fits a double bed and a single bed (or 3 singles) and a wardrobe. It is light and clean and gives excess to your private loggia, which overlooks the lively square! I serve you a nice breakfast in the loggia, but you can also make your own coffee, tea or working on your laptop.   Bus and tram in front of the house and brings you in 10-20 minutes to all tourist attractions. If you arrive by car, there is a cheap P&R parking 5 minutes from here.","B&B Clean and quiet room with private loggia for 1-3 guests. The apartment is located in popular West, 10-20 min to most tourist attractions. Bus and tram in front of the building.  I serve a nice, healthy (BIO) breakfast in a homely, social atmosphere.  There is a shared shower/bath and separate toilet. WIFI, hairdryer, toiletries, towels, city map and information are available.  I prefer (adult/elderly) couples or women, but don't feel comfortable with 3 male guests. No smoking, no drugs The apartment is in a modern renovated building in the popular Baarsjes area, build in Amsterdam School Style. The room is not very big, but fits a double bed and a single bed (or 3 singles) and a wardrobe. It is light and clean and gives excess to your private loggia, which overlooks the lively square! I serve you a nice breakfast in the loggia, but you can also make your own coffee, tea or working on your laptop.   Bus and tram in front of the house and brings you in 10-20 minutes to all tourist at","This surprising building, rebuilt in 1996 in Amsterdam School Style, is located 10min from the centre by tram. The area ´de Baarsjes´ is a bit 'booming' for young people and projects. The last years several cosy bars, restaurants and galeries has been opened here. During sunny weather the people are enjoying the terraces on the street or having a barbecue in the Rembrandt or Erasmuspark one block away. You also find a supermarket, bakery, library, laundrette, bicycle rental, parking garage and a bank with ATM cash machine.","The public transportation is in front of the house and brings you every 10-15 minutes to all places in Amsterdam. 5 Minutes by tram brings you to the colourful Ten Kate Market or in 10 minutes you are at the Leidseplein, near the Museum district. Central Station can be reached by bus or tram in 15-20 minutes. For €10,00 a day you rent a bike at the square.","Breakfast is served between 08.00 and 10.00 o'clock. Check-out time 11.00 o'clock. No smoking in the apartment or building. No partying, drugs and excessive alcohol. No visitors. Please respect and maintain the quietness of the building."
