"In a green setting of Amsterdam, our house is located in a stately and quiet street and neighbourhood, 1 min from the Vondelpark and close to the museum quarter and centre. We have a new, royal and comfortable room for two persons with a private bathroom with all facilities and a private terrace in the garden. Private entrance of the room direct next to the frontdoor.","Our room with a private bathroom en suite is comfortable, spacious and quiet, meant for two people. The atmosphere is fresh and light. You can relax or have breakfast on a private bamboo terrace with a view on the lovely garden after a long day through the busy and lively centre of Amsterdam.","In a green setting of Amsterdam, our house is located in a stately and quiet street and neighbourhood, 1 min from the Vondelpark and close to the museum quarter and centre. We have a new, royal and comfortable room for two persons with a private bathroom with all facilities and a private terrace in the garden. Private entrance of the room direct next to the frontdoor. Our room with a private bathroom en suite is comfortable, spacious and quiet, meant for two people. The atmosphere is fresh and light. You can relax or have breakfast on a private bamboo terrace with a view on the lovely garden after a long day through the busy and lively centre of Amsterdam. The private room with an entrance just next to the frontdoor and a private bathroom en suite will give you a nice and quiet private stay. There is a private bamboo green terrace with a view on the garden and there is free internet. Breakfast is not included but if you like we can provide it, in your room or on the terrace. You can ma","Our house is located in a quite and stately street, the Vondelpark is on the corner and very close to the Museumquarter and centre. Around the corner, on 2 minutes walk, you will find several restaurants to have breakfast or dinner. At 100 meters you will find public transportation, the famous line 2 direct to the centre and all main places.  In less then 5 minutes you're in bustling Amsterdam, the Concert Hall, Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Leidseplein and several shopping streets like P.C. Hooft and Leidsestraat A walk to the heart of the city takes 10 minutes through the beautiful Vondelpark. Rent a bike is easy and a very nice way to explore the city.",Public Transport at 100 metres to all locations. Parking possibility in front of the house (payed) or P+R Olympiaplein (cheap) see website,Smoking is not allowed in our house.
