,"Welcome in our oase: You will find B&B Reijgershof on the edge of Amsterdam. The B&B is open to everyone who seeks a place to relax for a night or in some cases for a couple of weeks. Its the right place where both body and mind will come to rest.  The garden is one of the great hidden beauties and is in bloom from March until November with a variety of plants, flowers, herbs and trees. Our guests are welcome to walk and enjoy our garden and can even gather and eat their own fruits during the season. There is a pond, a vegetable garden and al sorts of spots and pavilions to take pleasure of the nature with the company of our chickens and ducks.   B&B Reijgershof is situated next to the Gaasperplas, which is a beautiful park with a great lake, suited for bike tours, hikes and sunbathing. On walking distance you will find the subway that brings you to the citycenter of Amsterdam in only 15 minutes.  B&B Reijgershof is an ideal accommodation for everyone. The communal dining kitchen: Ther","Welcome in our oase: You will find B&B Reijgershof on the edge of Amsterdam. The B&B is open to everyone who seeks a place to relax for a night or in some cases for a couple of weeks. Its the right place where both body and mind will come to rest.  The garden is one of the great hidden beauties and is in bloom from March until November with a variety of plants, flowers, herbs and trees. Our guests are welcome to walk and enjoy our garden and can even gather and eat their own fruits during the season. There is a pond, a vegetable garden and al sorts of spots and pavilions to take pleasure of the nature with the company of our chickens and ducks.   B&B Reijgershof is situated next to the Gaasperplas, which is a beautiful park with a great lake, suited for bike tours, hikes and sunbathing. On walking distance you will find the subway that brings you to the citycenter of Amsterdam in only 15 minutes.  B&B Reijgershof is an ideal accommodation for everyone. The communal dining kitchen: Ther","B&B Reijgershof is situated next to the Gaasperplas, which is a beautiful park with a great lake, suited for bike tours, hikes and sunbathing.",On walking distance you will find the  subway 54 that brings you to the citycenter of Amsterdam in only 15 minutes.,
