"Large 80m2 fully furnished apartment on Amstel River. Just full of house boats, bikes, joggers and rowers. Private bathroom, full kitchen, large bedroom, spacious living and dining room, extra sleeping couch. Wifi, TV, coffeemaker, oven, washer, dryer, parking in front (paid). Entrance shared with family that lives ground + first floor.","Most guests say: ""We never thought such quiet, relaxed houses could exist right in the middle of Amsterdam!"" Yes, we were lucky with this nice house built in 1900 with a quiet, shady garden plus veranda at the back, where we made a private B&B room 'downstairs' (half below street level, what we call souterrain). It is with a double bed (plus an extra sleeping sofa) and a separate private bathroom. The B&B can accommodate two people to four people. This garden side b&b with river frontis a family friendly and offers the following amenities; cable TV and wireless internet. Breakfast is served in our dining room. At the front is the tree -lined Amstel river plus house boats, rowing boats, ducks, flowers....  Yet the Metro is at 150m (4 stops from Central Station), and Amstel Station is at walking distance, or 1 subway - stop. Cars can be parked (paid, no charge on Sundays!) in front.   ","Most guests say: ""We never thought such quiet, relaxed houses could exist right in the middle of Amsterdam!"" Yes, we were lucky with this nice house built in 1900 with a quiet, shady garden plus veranda at the back, where we made a private B&B room 'downstairs' (half below street level, what we call souterrain). It is with a double bed (plus an extra sleeping sofa) and a separate private bathroom. The B&B can accommodate two people to four people. This garden side b&b with river frontis a family friendly and offers the following amenities; cable TV and wireless internet. Breakfast is served in our dining room. At the front is the tree -lined Amstel river plus house boats, rowing boats, ducks, flowers....  Yet the Metro is at 150m (4 stops from Central Station), and Amstel Station is at walking distance, or 1 subway - stop. Cars can be parked (paid, no charge on Sundays!) in front.   ","Just outside downtown, this means: quiet, good sleeping (no noise, no cars), green, spacious. To the historical center is a 10 minute walk along the amstel river!",200m. from Metro Wibautstraat and 600m. from Amstel Station (trains and metro and buses).,"We are flexible, but non-smokers. We get up early. You get the front-door key and we'll tell you where to dine and where to go. We speak English, Francais, Deutsch, Italiano, Espanol, Português."
