"My lovely apartment is located in the North of the Jordaan district. This part is more residential than the central area of the Jordaan. However within a couple of minutes of walking you'll see the beautiful canals of Amsterdam and the finest restaurants & bars in the neighborhood. This area is ideal for hipsters or just normal people who prefer to try out the newest trends in fashion, food and bicycling. I highly recommend to rent a 'bakfiets' a special bicycle with box up front for moving.",My apartment is located on the ground floor of the building. It is easily accessible with a stroller or a wheelchair. Furthermore is my place ideal for couple who prefer to stay in the buzzing Jordaan area in the best city of the Netherlands.,"My lovely apartment is located in the North of the Jordaan district. This part is more residential than the central area of the Jordaan. However within a couple of minutes of walking you'll see the beautiful canals of Amsterdam and the finest restaurants & bars in the neighborhood. This area is ideal for hipsters or just normal people who prefer to try out the newest trends in fashion, food and bicycling. I highly recommend to rent a 'bakfiets' a special bicycle with box up front for moving. My apartment is located on the ground floor of the building. It is easily accessible with a stroller or a wheelchair. Furthermore is my place ideal for couple who prefer to stay in the buzzing Jordaan area in the best city of the Netherlands. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can","Amsterdam's Jordaan is probably the most famous neighbourhood in the Netherlands. Akin to the reputation enjoyed by London’s Cockneys, this once working-class bastion was renowned for tight community bonds, radical politics and a love for drink and over-the-top sing-a-longs. Gentrification of decades past has worked to attract more galleries, restaurants, specialty shops and upwardly-mobile residents to its higgledy-piggledy scenic streets. ( (Website hidden by Airbnb)",The best way from Schiphol to my apartment is take the train towards Amsterdam Central Station and transfer to bus line 18. After the transfer leave at stop 'Nieuwe Willemstraat'. My apartment is within 5 minutes walking distance of the busstop.,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment."
