"Tastefully decorated and fully furnished apartment in the 'Staatsliedenbuurt', one of the finer neighborhoods in walking distance to the old city center. Perfect for families or groups up to five people. Shops, cafes, restaurants, playground and park around the corner.  NB: If you are a group of friends planning to party in Amsterdam, keep in mind to respect the house rules of keeping the noise down. If you cannot guarantee this, you should choose a hotel or hostel.","Address: De Wittenkade 51D Tastefully decorated apartment in the 'Staatsliedenbuurt', one of the finer neighborhoods in walking distance to the Jordaan (old city center) and next to Culturepark Westerpark, a big green park where loads of festivals, markets and other events are organised at least every weekend. Restaurants, coffee bars, cafes, clubs and a cinema can also be found there. Central Station is a 5 minute busride or a 20 minute walk.  The Haarlemmerstraat is around the corner, as well as as the Noordermarkt (market on Saturday and Monday) and the Lindengracht, surrounded by dozens of small streets filled with shops, restaurants and cafe's. You can get to Leidseplein area easily with tram nr. 10 or walk 15 minutes.  The flat consists of two floors (3rd and 4th, upper floors) by the water with a spacious balcony. Bedrooms and bathroom are upstairs. Completely new kitchen and bathroom with bath (renovated 2 years ago), very bright, spacious and furnished, no street noise. The ap","Tastefully decorated and fully furnished apartment in the 'Staatsliedenbuurt', one of the finer neighborhoods in walking distance to the old city center. Perfect for families or groups up to five people. Shops, cafes, restaurants, playground and park around the corner.  NB: If you are a group of friends planning to party in Amsterdam, keep in mind to respect the house rules of keeping the noise down. If you cannot guarantee this, you should choose a hotel or hostel. Address: De Wittenkade 51D Tastefully decorated apartment in the 'Staatsliedenbuurt', one of the finer neighborhoods in walking distance to the Jordaan (old city center) and next to Culturepark Westerpark, a big green park where loads of festivals, markets and other events are organised at least every weekend. Restaurants, coffee bars, cafes, clubs and a cinema can also be found there. Central Station is a 5 minute busride or a 20 minute walk.  The Haarlemmerstraat is around the corner, as well as as the Noordermarkt (marke",,,"As said before, it's essential that you don't make noise in the evenings. Shut down the heating when leaving the appartment. It is not a big problem if you smoke inside, as long as you open windows!  Make sure you don't forget to turn off the espresso machine if you use it."
