,"My spacious and light apartment is directly across the Rembrandt Park. A safe and quit area if you’re looking for a peaceful respite after a full day of sightseeing. The location is really great! The Baarsjes is a trendy area with excellent restaurants, bars, grocery and other shops.  It's only 10 minutes to the Jordaan area, 10 minutes to museum-square or 15 minutes to the Dam square. Public transport is right around the corner and there’s parking availability in the street. But feel like a local and just take my bike! The appartment has one seperate bedroom with a very comfortable bed. There's an aerobed available for extra visitors. The living room has a relaxing couch, there's a  TV with DVD and a docking station for Iphone/Ipod/Ipad. WIFI is available. The bathroom has a wonderful shower, You may also use the washingmachine and the dessicator.  In the luxurious kitchen (with microwave, oven, dishwasher, nespresso machine) you can enjoy your dinner at the table or just outside on t","My spacious and light apartment is directly across the Rembrandt Park. A safe and quit area if you’re looking for a peaceful respite after a full day of sightseeing. The location is really great! The Baarsjes is a trendy area with excellent restaurants, bars, grocery and other shops.  It's only 10 minutes to the Jordaan area, 10 minutes to museum-square or 15 minutes to the Dam square. Public transport is right around the corner and there’s parking availability in the street. But feel like a local and just take my bike! The appartment has one seperate bedroom with a very comfortable bed. There's an aerobed available for extra visitors. The living room has a relaxing couch, there's a  TV with DVD and a docking station for Iphone/Ipod/Ipad. WIFI is available. The bathroom has a wonderful shower, You may also use the washingmachine and the dessicator.  In the luxurious kitchen (with microwave, oven, dishwasher, nespresso machine) you can enjoy your dinner at the table or just outside on t",,Paid parking in front of the appartment,No smoking
