Modern spacious apartment (128m2) in centre of Amsterdam. Excellent state (full renovation 2012). Two bedrooms with double beds; perfect for friends or couple(s). Open kitchen with long dining table and wide fireplace. Bathroom with rainshower and two separate toilets. Sunny roof terrace. Only 3min walking to famous neigherhood Jordaan.,"Newly renovated & spacious modern two-story apartment with all the luxury facilities, fireplace and rooftop terrace, located in the city centre! Third floor: Large living room with open kitchen, long dining table (up to 10 seats), wide fireplace, piano, modern tv and separate toilet. Fourth floor: Two bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom with bath, rainshower and double sink, separate toilet and a walking-closet with washing machine + dryer.  The stairs on the fourth floor will bring you to the large 48m2 roof terrace with a large barbeque and dinner table. On the wooden terrace you have an amazing view on the city and can enjoy the sun all day. ","Modern spacious apartment (128m2) in centre of Amsterdam. Excellent state (full renovation 2012). Two bedrooms with double beds; perfect for friends or couple(s). Open kitchen with long dining table and wide fireplace. Bathroom with rainshower and two separate toilets. Sunny roof terrace. Only 3min walking to famous neigherhood Jordaan. Newly renovated & spacious modern two-story apartment with all the luxury facilities, fireplace and rooftop terrace, located in the city centre! Third floor: Large living room with open kitchen, long dining table (up to 10 seats), wide fireplace, piano, modern tv and separate toilet. Fourth floor: Two bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom with bath, rainshower and double sink, separate toilet and a walking-closet with washing machine + dryer.  The stairs on the fourth floor will bring you to the large 48m2 roof terrace with a large barbeque and dinner table. On the wooden terrace you have an amazing view on the city and can enjoy the sun all day.  - Lar","The Jordaan neighberhood is very special because of its extremely central location and typicle Amsterdam athmosphere. The best restaurants and bars are located nearby, as well are many major musea like the Anne Frank museum and the canals. We really love to live here as our little street is very pretty and quiet, but we are in walking distance of everything we love about Amsterdam. Central station, trams & busses are very close, and car parking is available in our street (though amsterdam parking is a bit expensive)","You are 100m from the famous Jordaan bar & restaurant area. Anne Frank Museum and the Canals are all there as well.  There are bus and tram stops around the corner. Bus 18 and 21 will bring you to Central Station (5min) and tram 3 will take you directly to the most famous musea (like Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum), the Vondelpark, the famous neighberhood the Pijp with the Albert Cuyp market. This can all be done on foot or bycycle as well. Schiphol airport is within a 15 minute drive or directly accessable by train from central station.",- no smoking inside the house (on balcony or terrace is fine of course) - no pets please - no parties - no noise after 23:00
