"Beautiful recently renovated, fully furnished and well equipped ground floor apartment in the Old South neighbourhood of Amsterdam. Perfect for 2 to 4 persons. It's close to local shops, public transport and conveniently located for Schiphol airport and RAI convention centre.","Beautiful and light - recently completely renovated - ground floor apartment (80m2) with sunny garden. Our apartment is perfect for 2 but also for 4 persons because it has two double bedrooms so is perfect for 3 or 4 as well. The master bedroom facing the garden is equipped with a kingsize bed. The second spacious bedroom offers a couch that we easily turn into a comfortable queen size bed. The bathroom has a rain shower, double sink, toilet, floor heating and laundry facilities. The apartment has an additional, second toilet in the hall close to the second bedroom. The living room is spacious and bright and equipped with a big dining table, flatscreen TV with Netflix, relaxing couch and entrance to the sunny garden. The connecting open kitchen is fully equipped with Nespresso machine, water kettle, toaster, fridge and freezer. The garden (50m2), facing south-west, is the perfect place in summer to enjoy breakfast or for an afternoon drink in the sun.  Overall: A perfect base if you wa","Beautiful recently renovated, fully furnished and well equipped ground floor apartment in the Old South neighbourhood of Amsterdam. Perfect for 2 to 4 persons. It's close to local shops, public transport and conveniently located for Schiphol airport and RAI convention centre. Beautiful and light - recently completely renovated - ground floor apartment (80m2) with sunny garden. Our apartment is perfect for 2 but also for 4 persons because it has two double bedrooms so is perfect for 3 or 4 as well. The master bedroom facing the garden is equipped with a kingsize bed. The second spacious bedroom offers a couch that we easily turn into a comfortable queen size bed. The bathroom has a rain shower, double sink, toilet, floor heating and laundry facilities. The apartment has an additional, second toilet in the hall close to the second bedroom. The living room is spacious and bright and equipped with a big dining table, flatscreen TV with Netflix, relaxing couch and entrance to the sunny gard","The apartment in the neighborhood Old-South is located very close to everything you need! The city centre is easy to reach by public transport (stop around the corner, 1 minute walk) or by bike (10 minutes). Old-South is a cosy local neighborhood with the famous 'Vondelpark' , a lot of shops and great restaurants.  There are two supermarkets (Marqt & Albert Heijn) around the corner of the apartment where you can buy all your essentials, both open from 08.00 till 22:00 daily, Sunday opening at 10.00 till 20:00 o’clock. Around the corner on the Stadionweg and Marathonweg you can find Amsterdam’s famous French bakery (Le Fournil), some great restaurants, a cheese- and whine shop, flower stalls, bookshops, dry cleaning stores and a bike rental.   The apartment is located within easy walking distance of the up market shops in the Beethovenstraat, the Vondelpark and Cornelis Schuytstraat.","- Tram 24 (2 mins walk) provides access to the centre within 15 minutes or 10 minutes by bike. The tram runs directly to Museumsquare, with the van Gogh and Rijksmuseum, the Albert Cuyp market, Dam Square and Central Station.  - Bus 15 brings you to Amsterdam Zuid’s train station in 3 minutes. Regular trains from Amsterdam Zuid take you directly to Schiphol airport in 7 minutes.   - A seven minute bike ride brings you to the Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre (20 minutes walking distance).  - Within 5 minutes walking distance to Amsterdam "" Zuidas"", the financial district of Amsterdam. This makes the apartment not only good for tourists, but for business travellers as well. - If arriving by car, there is plenty of parking availability around the apartment. On Sunday the parking is for free, the remaining days parking costs 3.00 euro/hour between 9am and 9pm.",No smoking indoors and no pets.
