"A beautiful light and spacious (200 m2) apartment located in the popular old west area. On the very large rooftopterrace with a 360 view, you can see all over the city. The apartment is very near the Vondelpark and close to various nice restaurants and shops. It has 2 bedrooms for adults and 1 kidsroom, so it’s ideal for two couples or a family.","Beautiful apartment in the Old West neighbourhood of Amsterdam. (Helmerbuurt) Located close to the Vondelpark and basically near all other important sights in Amsterdam. If you want to be a real Amsterdam local, you can rent a bicycle just around the corner. The tram stops just 50 meters away and will bring you to the old city centre within 5 minutes. In this cosy part of Amsterdam there are a lot of nice restaurants and shops. And for your convenience an Albert Heijn supermarket is right across the street.  The two floor apartment is beautifully decorated and is very light and spacious. The livingroom and kitchen on the third floor have six windows on the south and is very sunny. The kitchen is there for you to use. All the aplliances like an oven and fridge are there.  On the same floor is a study, a laundryroom, a toilet and a tv room where you can watch digital tv and Netflix. On the 4th Floor are the bedrooms and bathrooms. The bathrooms have a shower and a bath tub.  The master b","A beautiful light and spacious (200 m2) apartment located in the popular old west area. On the very large rooftopterrace with a 360 view, you can see all over the city. The apartment is very near the Vondelpark and close to various nice restaurants and shops. It has 2 bedrooms for adults and 1 kidsroom, so it’s ideal for two couples or a family. Beautiful apartment in the Old West neighbourhood of Amsterdam. (Helmerbuurt) Located close to the Vondelpark and basically near all other important sights in Amsterdam. If you want to be a real Amsterdam local, you can rent a bicycle just around the corner. The tram stops just 50 meters away and will bring you to the old city centre within 5 minutes. In this cosy part of Amsterdam there are a lot of nice restaurants and shops. And for your convenience an Albert Heijn supermarket is right across the street.  The two floor apartment is beautifully decorated and is very light and spacious. The livingroom and kitchen on the third floor have six wi",The apartment is near a lot of shops and restaurants. The Vondelpark is a 2 minute walk. In the park are several playgrounds and café’s.,You can reach the apartment with the tram line 1. Near the apartment are several bike shops where you can rent a bike.,"If you have small kids please be a bit extra careful with our furniture and walls :). But the most important rule is: Keep the neighbours in consideration! But for the rest, Enjoy!"
