"Two storey house with garden. House is fully equipped. The three bedrooms sleep 5 people. A double airbed in the basement another two. Large bathroom with shower and tub. This is a typical family house. We have a cat that needs feeding, no cleaning. Note: We do not accept groups or multiple couples. A good reference is required.","Hi there, we have a family with 2 daughters age 14 and 11. The house has two stories and a large basement. The garden is wonderful, it measures over 100 m2 and is positioned towards the south, so it catches a lot of sunlight.  We have a small master bedroom and two large children's rooms with one single and one double bed (one picture was taken before placing a double bed). We have a spare double air bed so an tow people is no problem. On the ground floor the large fully equipped open kitchen resides. The kitchen connects to the open dining room and large living room, all in one light, open space. There is a separation from the street side, so it is very quiet in the house. The ground floor has a toilet. The 1st floor has three bedrooms (one with balcony) and a large bathroom with shower, tub, toilet and double sink. The house is very comfortable and is fully equipped. The Albert Cuypmarket is right around the corner, but our street is very quiet. The Museumsquare is a short walk away ","Two storey house with garden. House is fully equipped. The three bedrooms sleep 5 people. A double airbed in the basement another two. Large bathroom with shower and tub. This is a typical family house. We have a cat that needs feeding, no cleaning. Note: We do not accept groups or multiple couples. A good reference is required. Hi there, we have a family with 2 daughters age 14 and 11. The house has two stories and a large basement. The garden is wonderful, it measures over 100 m2 and is positioned towards the south, so it catches a lot of sunlight.  We have a small master bedroom and two large children's rooms with one single and one double bed (one picture was taken before placing a double bed). We have a spare double air bed so an tow people is no problem. On the ground floor the large fully equipped open kitchen resides. The kitchen connects to the open dining room and large living room, all in one light, open space. There is a separation from the street side, so it is very quiet ",To us this is the best neighborhood anywhere to live. The Albert Cuypmarket (largest outdoor market in Europe) is right around the corner as well as the Sarphatipark. The big musea are within walking distance. This part of the city houses an endless amount of both high-end as well as low priced international restaurants and bars. All close by in this very lively neighborhood.,"Public transport is well connected here. Parking during daytime is easy (but expensive) at night a bit more busy. The airport is 20 minutes by taxi, or 1 transit with public transport.",Treat the house with respect and all will be fine. We do not accept groups of people. We unfortunately had bad experiences in the past.
