"Enjoy our beautiful quite new houseboat(160 sqm2), and feel home way from home! with a nice garden and garden house as well, it gives place to at least 4 persons. Amsterdam is small, so center is near! FREE parking and 4 bikes available.","A wonderful place to stay, people call it a   little 'paradise"", very unexpected in  a world city as Amsterdam. After sightseeing it is a joy to come home and enjoy the garden and terrace with its flowers, and the spacious houseboat with all its comforts. Four years ago we have built this houseboat ourselves. Though it is not totally finished yet, it is an already very comfortably living there. We have a large and cosy kitchen, same sized living room on top,  a double bedroom and another sleeping place with one bed and two children's bedrooms, one  with a single, normal sized bed and one with a  small double bed. Downstairs a nicely decorated bathroom (mosaic around the bath still not finished though)with shower and bath.  On the terrace is one more room with a double bed. For teenagers that is an ideal place to be a little apart from the others and enjoy their own space. In the garden is located a small garden house(which is not new, but cosy atmosphere) with another  double bed and e","Enjoy our beautiful quite new houseboat(160 sqm2), and feel home way from home! with a nice garden and garden house as well, it gives place to at least 4 persons. Amsterdam is small, so center is near! FREE parking and 4 bikes available. A wonderful place to stay, people call it a   little 'paradise"", very unexpected in  a world city as Amsterdam. After sightseeing it is a joy to come home and enjoy the garden and terrace with its flowers, and the spacious houseboat with all its comforts. Four years ago we have built this houseboat ourselves. Though it is not totally finished yet, it is an already very comfortably living there. We have a large and cosy kitchen, same sized living room on top,  a double bedroom and another sleeping place with one bed and two children's bedrooms, one  with a single, normal sized bed and one with a  small double bed. Downstairs a nicely decorated bathroom (mosaic around the bath still not finished though)with shower and bath.  On the terrace is one more ro","The houseboat is not far from RAI and Albert Cuypmarket, and only 15-20 minutes from the center. Just around the houseboat, is a very nice area from where you can walk in even in a (very) little forest. it is called the ""green tail""of Amsterdam. You can make beautiful biking or walking tours from here to Ouderkerk, or take the ferry or bridge to the mill on the other side of the Amstel, just 5 minutes by bicycle.  A map of the surroundings will be available. You can even take a swim in the river Amstel, from outside our houseboat you can climb on our small ship(need some flexibility). Easier is to go to the spot on the other side of the Amstel, just in front of our houseboat. Our children and the children of our neighbours do swim regularly in the river, the water is said to be quite clean.","You can park your car in front of the gate on the street, you don't need anything card on Sundays,  but during the week, Monday-Saturday from 9 am -7pm you need a blue card, this means  you have to change the time on the card every three hours. The blue card will be available for you in the houseboat at arrival.   There is no checking of it so you might take the risk to park it anyway. We do it ourselves too.  if you come by train or airplane, let us know your time of arrival and if possible we will pick you up from RAI or Amstelstation. We have 4 bikes for you. If they are suitable for you, which you will find out at arrival, you might need to adjust the seats higher or lower, we leave some tools for that (on the shelves above the bikes) or otherwise we advise you to go to the nearest bike shop, this is at walking distance. We leave this for you to arrange.  If you take a taxi to our place,  please be aware that they bring you straight away (taxi drivers have the habit to do as if the","Rules: NO DRUGS, NO PARTIES, AND ABSOLUTELY NO SMOKING INSIDE      In the houseboat we have a shoes off policy. Please respect this. Please no loud noise on the street/ in the garden when coming home late, respect the neighbours.. Please be respectful to our properties, you can use everything except some stuff we will put in the garden house or in some parts of the rooms with a note ""please do not use""."
