"Enjoy your city trip and stay in this beautiful and artistic apartment in one of the most characteristic neighborhoods of Amsterdam: the Jordaan area. All major sights and hot spots, such as Dam Square and Anne Frank's Museum are within walking distance!","At the beginning of 2012, we completely renovated our flat from the ground up.   This beautiful, modern and stylish ground floor canal side apartment is fully furnished and welcomes you into a big open kitchen and living area. Apartment details:  - Free Wifi.  - Underfloor heating - Ground Floor Apartment - Comes with hairdryer and towels - Central station (public transport in all directions) 10 min  - Dam square 10 min","Enjoy your city trip and stay in this beautiful and artistic apartment in one of the most characteristic neighborhoods of Amsterdam: the Jordaan area. All major sights and hot spots, such as Dam Square and Anne Frank's Museum are within walking distance! At the beginning of 2012, we completely renovated our flat from the ground up.   This beautiful, modern and stylish ground floor canal side apartment is fully furnished and welcomes you into a big open kitchen and living area. Apartment details:  - Free Wifi.  - Underfloor heating - Ground Floor Apartment - Comes with hairdryer and towels - Central station (public transport in all directions) 10 min  - Dam square 10 min You will have full access to the entire apartment. Make yourself at home! Feel free to contact us on Airbnb during your stay, if you have any questions about the apartment, or if you need any recommendations or tips on how to get around in the area and city. We're always happy to help.  Just let us know and we will be t","The apartment is located in the centre of Amsterdam and it's a 10 minute walk to Leidseplein and 5 minute walk to the Jordaan and the Nine Streets (""De Negen Straatjes"" ) There are plenty of great bars, cafes and restaurants in the area and Anne Franks house is just a 300 meter stroll away.",Public transportation to other areas in the city is just a stone's throw away.,no more people than indicated in the booking --- no smoking!! --- Treat the house and the neighborhood with respect !
