,"Outstanding family home in central Amsterdam set in a converted school building, spread over 200 sq meters with 4 meter high ceilings and huge windows  throughout. This is a  light filled, spacious apartment renovated fully in 2010. Sleeps 2-8 people in 4 bedrooms. The apartment is on the 1st floor. Enter via a small cloakroom into a family kitchen, fully equipped, gas & electric stove with 6 hobs, fridge & freezer. This room is the heart of the house and large enough for everyone to enjoy at the same time. Bedroom Area Master bedroom, king size bed with claw foot bath tub. 2nd bedroom with queen double bed. 3rd bedroom with queen double bed. 4th bedroom with queen double bed. Bathroom with marble wet room, rain shower and double sink. Separate toilet next door. Living Room 3 separate seating areas 1 sunken seating 1 sofa & chairs 1 table and chairs Perfect location, close to the centre but just outside the canals (so it's not over run by tourists). It is a 10 minute cycle to the museu","Outstanding family home in central Amsterdam set in a converted school building, spread over 200 sq meters with 4 meter high ceilings and huge windows  throughout. This is a  light filled, spacious apartment renovated fully in 2010. Sleeps 2-8 people in 4 bedrooms. The apartment is on the 1st floor. Enter via a small cloakroom into a family kitchen, fully equipped, gas & electric stove with 6 hobs, fridge & freezer. This room is the heart of the house and large enough for everyone to enjoy at the same time. Bedroom Area Master bedroom, king size bed with claw foot bath tub. 2nd bedroom with queen double bed. 3rd bedroom with queen double bed. 4th bedroom with queen double bed. Bathroom with marble wet room, rain shower and double sink. Separate toilet next door. Living Room 3 separate seating areas 1 sunken seating 1 sofa & chairs 1 table and chairs Perfect location, close to the centre but just outside the canals (so it's not over run by tourists). It is a 10 minute cycle to the museu","Amsterdam is undergoing a spectacular food revolution at the moment spearheaded by the new Food Halls (Food Hallen) which is quite literally on our door step. The Food Hallen is a fantastic conversion/renovation of an old tram depot which has an art house cinema and food halls selling some of the best food on offer in this city.  Other new restaurants nearby on De Clercqstraat include: Pazzi - slow food, pizza. Fier - relaxed lunch bistro. Good restaurants in the city which all require reservations: Morgan & Mees  AS  Rijsel  Goud Fazant",We are meters away from the No 3 & No 12 tram lines and 15 minutes from Amsterdam's central station.,"Dear Guests, Thank you for your interest in our house, our house rules are simple: 1)  Families only please 2) This is a no smoking house 3) Please keep food and drinks in the kitchen 4) We take pride in our clean and tidy home. We always have the house cleaned thoroughly before your arrival, we trust that you leave it as you found it. Thank you, Samira & Jake"
