"Beautiful, light and stylish place with 2 balconies and a big garden, just outside the centre of Amsterdam. Only 15 mins (both car and Public Transport) from Schiphol Airport and a P+R (€1 per day) on 2 mins walking distance.  King size bed (the best bed in the world - promise!), fully equipped kitchen and WiFi. Bike Rental around the corner and plenty of bakeries, food shops and cute restaurants in the near area.","This stylish, nice apartment is situated just outside Jordaan area, near the city centre of Amsterdam. It is comfortable, light and clean. There's a spacious living room with 2 couches, a flatscreen TV a balcony and a separate dining area.  For those of you that travel by car: there's a P+R just 2 minutes from my place, in which you can pak your for JUST €1 PER DAY on weekend days! There are 3 supermarkets withing a 1-minute walking distance, as well as a biological foodshop, a market (Tue-Sat), plenty of lunch rooms, and everything else you need (bakery, butcher, fish shop and plenty of lunch rooms) in the street. Public transport is very well organised and you can reach Amsterdam city centre (Dam square, Leidse Square) in about 15 minutes and Jordaan area even quicker! Train station Sloterdijk is only a 5 minute bus ride away, and by train you can reach Schiphol Airport within 15 minutes. You will absolutely love this place!","Beautiful, light and stylish place with 2 balconies and a big garden, just outside the centre of Amsterdam. Only 15 mins (both car and Public Transport) from Schiphol Airport and a P+R (€1 per day) on 2 mins walking distance.  King size bed (the best bed in the world - promise!), fully equipped kitchen and WiFi. Bike Rental around the corner and plenty of bakeries, food shops and cute restaurants in the near area. This stylish, nice apartment is situated just outside Jordaan area, near the city centre of Amsterdam. It is comfortable, light and clean. There's a spacious living room with 2 couches, a flatscreen TV a balcony and a separate dining area.  For those of you that travel by car: there's a P+R just 2 minutes from my place, in which you can pak your for JUST €1 PER DAY on weekend days! There are 3 supermarkets withing a 1-minute walking distance, as well as a biological foodshop, a market (Tue-Sat), plenty of lunch rooms, and everything else you need (bakery, butcher, fish shop a","The neighbourhood Bos en Lommer is a great area to be in. Close to the train station and the airport, and also not far from the city centre. It has all the shops you need, and a park within walking distance. You'll find nice coffee bars and restaurants in the area and get to experience the city as 'locals' do.",The public transport in the area is really well. Trams and busses stop a few meters from my house and the train station is only 5 minutes by bus (1 stop). Also the airport is close: app 20 minutes by bus and train. Trams 14 and 7 will take you to the city centre. Bus 15 takes you to station Sloterdijk (closest) and bus 21 to (or from) Central Station. There's also a possibility to rent bikes nearby.,"I will send you a 'house manual' once your booking is confirmed. It contains all the information you need about the apartment - and the ins and outs of the area! There's no smoking allowed in my place, but there's 2 nice balconies where you can sit outside without getting wet. Most important: treat the place with care, and enjoy!"
