"A beautiful authentic place to stay, near city centre in the most popular upcoming neighbourhood of Amsterdam! Also this accomodation is very childfriendly; all facillities are present.","This beautiful place has 4 rooms (85 m2). A spacious kitchen with a table for four. A  big en suite living room and one big bedroom.. The bed is seated in de front part of the living room. The bathroom is provided with a tub and shower.  Wifi is available, so is a television, DVD player and music installation. You may wash your laundry with a washing machine. All for your use during your stay! The house is located in Amsterdam-West. Within a 8 minutes bike ride you are at Leidseplein, its 5 minutes to the Jordaan  and about fifteen minutes to Central Station. For example; the Anne Frankhouse will only be a fifteen minute walk! We ensure you we will do our very best to make your stay as comfortable as can be, the house will be clean and ready for your stay. Hope to see you soon!","A beautiful authentic place to stay, near city centre in the most popular upcoming neighbourhood of Amsterdam! Also this accomodation is very childfriendly; all facillities are present. This beautiful place has 4 rooms (85 m2). A spacious kitchen with a table for four. A  big en suite living room and one big bedroom.. The bed is seated in de front part of the living room. The bathroom is provided with a tub and shower.  Wifi is available, so is a television, DVD player and music installation. You may wash your laundry with a washing machine. All for your use during your stay! The house is located in Amsterdam-West. Within a 8 minutes bike ride you are at Leidseplein, its 5 minutes to the Jordaan  and about fifteen minutes to Central Station. For example; the Anne Frankhouse will only be a fifteen minute walk! We ensure you we will do our very best to make your stay as comfortable as can be, the house will be clean and ready for your stay. Hope to see you soon! Guests will have access t","We live in a real upcoming neihgbourhood (the De Qlerkstraat), with a lot of new little boutiques, shops and restaurants. Also two big supermarkets and a deli next door, they sell everything you need.  Within a five-minute walk we have a market (Ten Kate markt), which is near a shoppingstreet as well (kinkerstraat). Toward the city you will pass Bilderdijkstraat which is a nice shoppingstreet as well. The whole area is growing fast in a very positive way.","In the street back from our house there are several tramlines (7,12, 13,14) which will take you everywhere in town!  There is a parking place in front of the house, but its paid parking and often a bit crowded. We recommend you to come by train en get around the city by bike or by tram.  From the airport Schiphol, it is best to take the train to Amsterdam Central Station. After this, take tram 13 and stop at Willem de Zwijgerlaan.","Please be respectfull to our house and belongings.  Please do not disturb neighbours with loud music.  Please smoke in the kitchen only,"
