"My apartment is situated in the heart of sizzling Amsterdam at one of the most beautiful canals. Only 5 minutes walking distance from the Central Station, the Anne Frank House and Dam square. You will be amazed by the great view on the canal houses.","You will enjoy a large living room, with a great fully equipped open kitchen, a large dining table and a great view on the canal houses. Absolutely amazing to relax after a long day and/or night in Amsterdam.  The apartment provides a clean and spacious bathroom with an enormous rain shower, one washbasin and a washing machine. If you wish I can provide shower gel, shampoo and anything else you might need when you are travelling with hand luggage only.  In the morning you can enjoy the sun on the terrace. You will not notice that you are staying in the city center of Amsterdam, because the neighborhood is so quiet and peaceful.  The bedroom has a kingsize bed with a flatscreen television. If you wish, I can fill the refrigerator with all your favorite snacks and drinks to make your stay even better! Everything is possible. The apartment measures  80m2. Your stay will start relaxing as there is no need for lugging with suitcases on the stairs because you can use an elevator to reach the","My apartment is situated in the heart of sizzling Amsterdam at one of the most beautiful canals. Only 5 minutes walking distance from the Central Station, the Anne Frank House and Dam square. You will be amazed by the great view on the canal houses. You will enjoy a large living room, with a great fully equipped open kitchen, a large dining table and a great view on the canal houses. Absolutely amazing to relax after a long day and/or night in Amsterdam.  The apartment provides a clean and spacious bathroom with an enormous rain shower, one washbasin and a washing machine. If you wish I can provide shower gel, shampoo and anything else you might need when you are travelling with hand luggage only.  In the morning you can enjoy the sun on the terrace. You will not notice that you are staying in the city center of Amsterdam, because the neighborhood is so quiet and peaceful.  The bedroom has a kingsize bed with a flatscreen television. If you wish, I can fill the refrigerator with all yo",,,No smoking No pets
