,"I am the proud house owner of this 'typical Amsterdam house' located in the West, nearby the Westerpark. It´s easy accessible by public transport or car. There are bakeries, groceries, a large supermarket, restaurants, take-aways just around the corner. It is just in front of the tram stop. It can bring you in 2 minutes to Amsterdam Sloterdijk station and in 10 minutes you are in the centre of this beautifull city.  THE APARTMENT Our home is approximately 90m2 and accommodates max. 6, for instance: three couples, friends or a family. Upstairs there is the master bedroom has a large bed (180x200). Next to the master bedroom there is a second bedroom with a bed (160x200). There is a third small room, the study room, next to the living room, where we can put two mattresses next to each other on the ground. The livingroom has a big relaxing sofa with tv, cable and music installation. The kitchen is modern, well equipped and has a big open space with a diner table for six persons. The bathr","I am the proud house owner of this 'typical Amsterdam house' located in the West, nearby the Westerpark. It´s easy accessible by public transport or car. There are bakeries, groceries, a large supermarket, restaurants, take-aways just around the corner. It is just in front of the tram stop. It can bring you in 2 minutes to Amsterdam Sloterdijk station and in 10 minutes you are in the centre of this beautifull city.  THE APARTMENT Our home is approximately 90m2 and accommodates max. 6, for instance: three couples, friends or a family. Upstairs there is the master bedroom has a large bed (180x200). Next to the master bedroom there is a second bedroom with a bed (160x200). There is a third small room, the study room, next to the living room, where we can put two mattresses next to each other on the ground. The livingroom has a big relaxing sofa with tv, cable and music installation. The kitchen is modern, well equipped and has a big open space with a diner table for six persons. The bathr",,In front of the door is a tramstop (tram 14 and 12). These trams brings you to the city centre or to the trainstation Amsterdam Sloterdijk.  On a distance of 100 meters stops the bus 21. This bus goes to the trainstation Amsterdam Centraal.,"There are not many house rules.  The imported thing is to use the apartment with respect. Check in/out time is flexible, we can arrange after booking.  Three recommendations:  Smoke on the balcony Leave the room neat and clean as you found.  Please limit the noise level for the neirbourghs I hope to welcome you in Amsterdam.   Hanna"
