Beautiful apartment with Lovely garden in the heart of the popular Amsterdam neighborhood 'De Pijp'. The big garden feels like an oasis and gives you a quiet stay after a day of sightseeing Amsterdam.,"A beautiful ground floor apartment in the most beautiful part of the quarter the 'Pijp' in Amsterdam. In a quiet street that ends at the Sarphatipark we have a ground floor apartment of approx 80 m2. It is a 2-bedroom house completely renovated and equipped with all modern comforts. You also have access to our spacious garden. The neighborhood is full of energy. All top museums (Rijksmuseum, Vincent van Gogh Museum) within walking distance, nice trendy shops, the famous Albert Cuyp market and the numerous restaurants and cafes ensure that you will not get bored while the house guarantees rest and relaxation. Also the historical centre of Amsterdam with the famous canals are on walking distance. The care of three very easy cats (they only eat dry food and have their own life - go in and out themselve) and two little rabbits, is part of the game. .  The house includes the following features: - Bath / shower - separate WC - Modern kitchen with appliances including dishwasher - Washingmach","Beautiful apartment with Lovely garden in the heart of the popular Amsterdam neighborhood 'De Pijp'. The big garden feels like an oasis and gives you a quiet stay after a day of sightseeing Amsterdam. A beautiful ground floor apartment in the most beautiful part of the quarter the 'Pijp' in Amsterdam. In a quiet street that ends at the Sarphatipark we have a ground floor apartment of approx 80 m2. It is a 2-bedroom house completely renovated and equipped with all modern comforts. You also have access to our spacious garden. The neighborhood is full of energy. All top museums (Rijksmuseum, Vincent van Gogh Museum) within walking distance, nice trendy shops, the famous Albert Cuyp market and the numerous restaurants and cafes ensure that you will not get bored while the house guarantees rest and relaxation. Also the historical centre of Amsterdam with the famous canals are on walking distance. The care of three very easy cats (they only eat dry food and have their own life - go in and ou",,Our apartment is easy to reach from Amsterdam central station with the tram number 4 (exit 'van Woustraat).,
