"*EXPERIENCE CANAL HOUSE LIVING IN AMSTERDAM *BEAUTIFUL CENTRAL LOCATION *ROOF TERRACE WITH BEAUTIFUL VIEWS *GREAT HOSTS You will be staying in a private bedroom, sharing the apartment with your hosts (Carl & Jeroen).  2 guests maximum (no extra guests). Unfortunately we do not accept child guests.","AND THE WHOLE STORY... A beautiful, renovated top floor canal house apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, including roof terrace with views over the entire city. You get use of the small but comfortable & functional second bedroom with bed, clothes hooks, bedside table and all towels/ bedding supplied. The bathroom, with walk in shower is shared with your hosts.  You are free to also share the use of the rest of the common areas, so make yourself at home. You will be sharing the apartment with your hosts (Carl & Jeroen). The apartment is a short walk (or bike ride) from all of the main parts of the centre (The infamous canal belt, East, Zoo area, Waterlooplein, Nieuwmarkt, Utrechtsestraat, the Amstel River, Dam, Leidseplein). It's absolutely flooded with light and there's a HUGE ROOF TERRACE with a great view over the entire city skyline, BBQ facilities, table and seating area. There is a comfortable living area which you are welcome to hang out in, large dining table and fully equippe","*EXPERIENCE CANAL HOUSE LIVING IN AMSTERDAM *BEAUTIFUL CENTRAL LOCATION *ROOF TERRACE WITH BEAUTIFUL VIEWS *GREAT HOSTS You will be staying in a private bedroom, sharing the apartment with your hosts (Carl & Jeroen).  2 guests maximum (no extra guests). Unfortunately we do not accept child guests. AND THE WHOLE STORY... A beautiful, renovated top floor canal house apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, including roof terrace with views over the entire city. You get use of the small but comfortable & functional second bedroom with bed, clothes hooks, bedside table and all towels/ bedding supplied. The bathroom, with walk in shower is shared with your hosts.  You are free to also share the use of the rest of the common areas, so make yourself at home. You will be sharing the apartment with your hosts (Carl & Jeroen). The apartment is a short walk (or bike ride) from all of the main parts of the centre (The infamous canal belt, East, Zoo area, Waterlooplein, Nieuwmarkt, Utrechtsestraat, th","Whatever your age and whether you want to go sightseeing, eating, to bars, dancing, wandering or simply hang out in cool cafes and markets, the best of the capital is all around.  And for those moments when you just want to relax in the apartment, the canal location itself is super quiet and allows an escape from the hustle and bustle.","Most places are easily within walking or cycling distance.  For places further out or if you want to give your legs a rest, transport links are in abundance with Weesperplein Metro station and tram stop just around the corner.","Check in Check in time is between 18:00 and 22:00.  If we are able to accommodate an earlier check in time, we will try. Check out Check out time is 12:00 noon.  If you want to leave your luggage until later in the day this should be possible.  But please check with us first. If we are not available at the apartment when you are checking out you can just leave the keys on the dining table. Condition of the apartment Please respect the property and leave it as you found it (in great condition). Your luggage Please be careful with your luggage on the stairs to prevent damage to the walls. Keeping our neighbours happy We want you to enjoy your time here but please refrain from too much noise in the evenings after 23:00.  Please also try to keep noise on the stairways to a minimum. Smoking No drugs anywhere in the apartment please (including the roof terrace). Smoking cigarettes is only allowed on the roof terrace, or in case of bad weather you can smoke at the back window in the living ar"
