"Our spacious home is located in the center of Amsterdam and was shown in many interior design magazines. All of Amsterdam’s most visited attractions are easily accessible by foot or by public transportation.  Our house is an ideal family home, with everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam. It has one master bedroom with a double bed and one childrens room with a bunk bed (for two children) and lot's of toys. This makes the property suited for a maximum of two adults and two children.","/// The Space: Our spacious (140 m2) two floor apartment is located in the canal district of Amsterdam in the popular neighborhood Jordaan (Unesco World Heritage Property) and was showcased in many interior design magazines. Since we live here ourselves (and only rent it out during school holidays) it has all the luxuries you and your family need for a great stay in Amsterdam. It has amongst others:  - Master bedroom with king-size bed and an outdoor patio - Childrens bedroom, with a bunk bed (for two children) and lot's of toys - Bathroom with kingsize bath and a separate shower - Two separate toilets - Separate study  - Spacious living room with fireplace - Modern and well equipped kitchen (with amongst others a double refrigerator/ ice-cube dispenser, professional Smeg oven, a Nespresso coffee machine and a diswahser). - 15 m2 rooftop terrace next to the kitchen to enjoy a lovely dinner outside - 50 m2 rooftop terraces on top of the house with a magnificant view over the old city ce","Our spacious home is located in the center of Amsterdam and was shown in many interior design magazines. All of Amsterdam’s most visited attractions are easily accessible by foot or by public transportation.  Our house is an ideal family home, with everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam. It has one master bedroom with a double bed and one childrens room with a bunk bed (for two children) and lot's of toys. This makes the property suited for a maximum of two adults and two children. /// The Space: Our spacious (140 m2) two floor apartment is located in the canal district of Amsterdam in the popular neighborhood Jordaan (Unesco World Heritage Property) and was showcased in many interior design magazines. Since we live here ourselves (and only rent it out during school holidays) it has all the luxuries you and your family need for a great stay in Amsterdam. It has amongst others:  - Master bedroom with king-size bed and an outdoor patio - Childrens bedroom, with a bunk bed (for","/// The Neighborhood: All of Amsterdam’s most visited attractions are easily accessible by foot or by public transportation. The  Noorderkerk, Anne Frank House, Westerkerk, Haarlemmerstraat (recently voted best shopping street of the Netherlands), the ‘9 streets’ boutique-shopping area, Dam Square, Queen’s Palace and many of Amsterdam’s most trendy restaurants are all within a few minutes walk.  The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Leidseplein and Flower Market are all easily reached by foot or by tram.  This truly is the best part of Amsterdam!","Central Station (with all train, tram and bus lines) is located just a short walk down the apartment.","/// House rules: Treat the apartment as if it were your own and keep in mind that you have neighbours. The apartment is our own home so we only rent it out to other families (max 2 adults and 2 children). So no groups of people, no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc. Police will fine when complaints are made after 23:00 (11pm) or before 07:00 (7am). At time of departure: make sure the apartment is tidy, the dishes are done, the garbage is bagged and the oven/fridge/freezer are clean. Smoking of any kind is not allowed inside the house, but feel to do so on one of the roof terraces.  When staying on the terraces, please think of the neighbors and don’t make too much noise.    Please inform us of all defects in the apartment and damages that occur in the apartment."
