Please feel welcome in my self-contained apartment in Amsterdam. You'll find everything you need for a perfect stay in the city! Perfect for 1 or 2 adults.,"Apartment: My apartment is recently renovated and situated on the first floor. It is clean, sunny and cozy. There is a spacious living room with a comfortable couch, big table, a big television (cable), music installation (also MP3 player connection) and high speed WIFI. The kitchen is separate and is fully equipped: oven, microwave, refridgerator, dish washer, kettle, pots, pans etcetera. There is no freezer available. Furthermore there is one bedroom with a double bed (1.80x2.20), a bathroom with a shower and a toilet and not to forget: a large sunny balcony with sun from 2 pm till 8 pm. Towels and sheets will be provided.  If you are interested in renting this apartment, please send me a message with some information about yourself.  Included in your stay:  - Breakfast for the first day - Towels, 2 per person  - Clean sheets on the bed  - Basic storage of toilet paper  - Fully equipped kitchen  - Nespresso machine  - CD player, television, WIFI internet","Please feel welcome in my self-contained apartment in Amsterdam. You'll find everything you need for a perfect stay in the city! Perfect for 1 or 2 adults. Apartment: My apartment is recently renovated and situated on the first floor. It is clean, sunny and cozy. There is a spacious living room with a comfortable couch, big table, a big television (cable), music installation (also MP3 player connection) and high speed WIFI. The kitchen is separate and is fully equipped: oven, microwave, refridgerator, dish washer, kettle, pots, pans etcetera. There is no freezer available. Furthermore there is one bedroom with a double bed (1.80x2.20), a bathroom with a shower and a toilet and not to forget: a large sunny balcony with sun from 2 pm till 8 pm. Towels and sheets will be provided.  If you are interested in renting this apartment, please send me a message with some information about yourself.  Included in your stay:  - Breakfast for the first day - Towels, 2 per person  - Clean sheets on t","Neighborhood: The apartment is situated to the west of the city center, in the neighborhood called ‘Bos & Lommer’ on the edge of the ‘Jordaan’ area. It offers a great retreat from the busy streets of the city centre, but you are not far away: there are numerous buses and trams close by to take you anywhere in Amsterdam. In 10 minutes by bike or tram, or 20 minutes by feet you are in the city centre.  My street is pretty quiet, but just around the corner there are lots of cafe's, restaurants, bakeries, little shops, a large supermarket and espresso bars. Also, you are very close to the Rembrandtpark, the Erasmuspark and the Westerpark. The last one contains - besides a nice place to wander or to picknick - some nice places to eat, drink and dance and also hosts great festivals and food and vintage markets. If you want to visit the beach you are at the perfect side of Amsterdam: it takes about 45 minutes to go to the beach of Zandvoort aan Zee.","Transport: My house is surrounded by numerous public transport options. To be more specific: Leidse square: 20 minutes - tram 12  Dam square: 18 minutes - tram 14  Jordaan area: 12 minutes - tram 7 or 14  Westerpark area: 16 minutes - bus 18 Anne Frank House: 17 minutes - tram 14  Central Station: 20 minutes - bus 18  Station Sloterdijk: 15 minutes – tram 12 Rijksmuseum: 28 minutes - tram 7 Or you can get around on a bike! To rent a bike, this address is nice and not expensive. They are open 7 days a week. You can take Tram 14 and get of at ‘Marnixstraat'. MacBike Marnixstraat. Reaching my apartment from Schiphol is really easy: take the train to Amsterdam Sloterdijk (1 stop before Amsterdam Central Station, about 12 min). From there you take tram number 12, end go out at the Rijpstraat (6 min). A short walk (2 minutes) takes you to the apartment. Paid parking is available in my street for around 20 euro per day, or secured and low cost parking at Qpark Leeuwendalersweg 23B 1055 JE Ams","First of all enjoy the apartment! Second there are a few things I would like you to keep in mind: Amsterdam and especially this neighborhood is very safe, but just beware of pickpockets in the crowded and touristic area's in the city centre. Please always lock the balcony-doors and windows when you leave the house & lock the door of the apartment (upstairs) with both of the keys. The door downstairs does not have to be locked, but just make sure it is always closed behind you. If you like to smoke, you are free to do so at the balcony, not in the house! Please be considerate with my neighbors: no parties and keep the music down at night. Thanks a lot!"
