It's a unique apartment because of the beautiful wide and green view. it's a corner house so their is lots light in the living room. And it's around the corner of the best park of Amsterdam.,"My apartment is 60 m2. There is a small hall small bathroom. A nice kitchen, living room orientated on the south were you look out on Westerpark. The bedroom is on the same floor as the living room and kitchen. The apartment has warm atmosphere this created by the wooden floor. there is WIFI internet connection.","It's a unique apartment because of the beautiful wide and green view. it's a corner house so their is lots light in the living room. And it's around the corner of the best park of Amsterdam. My apartment is 60 m2. There is a small hall small bathroom. A nice kitchen, living room orientated on the south were you look out on Westerpark. The bedroom is on the same floor as the living room and kitchen. The apartment has warm atmosphere this created by the wooden floor. there is WIFI internet connection. Guests will be able to use the whole apartment. I have a verry nice, save, complete neighbourhood. On a five minute walk their are shops cafes and restaurants. On the other side of the train track is Westerpark, a beautifull park which is also a famous cultural park called Westergasfabriek. There are trough the summer lots of events like concerts markets etc. In Westerpark are also places to go out for dinner dancing movie etc. Pulic transport is verry close. The neirest bus leaves on a two","I have a verry nice, save, complete neighbourhood. On a five minute walk their are shops cafes and restaurants. On the other side of the train track is Westerpark, a beautifull park which is also a famous cultural park called Westergasfabriek. There are trough the summer lots of events like concerts markets etc. In Westerpark are also places to go out for dinner dancing movie etc. ",Pulic transport is verry close. The neirest bus leaves on a two minute walk. The centre is a 15 min walk and central station a half hour walk.  I have one bike which you can use to explore the rest of the city. ,"Don't invite other people to stay at my apartment. I experienced a couple of times guests invited other people to stay over. I didn't like that at all. Be respectfull to the neighbours. I can only rent my apartment if they are okay with it. So for me it is verry important they are not troubled by my guests. Which means be kind to them and don't play load music after ten p.m. There are two small balconys, and one with a roof. This is were you can have a smoke. Leave my apartement as you found it. I love my apartment and if my apartment gets hurt. It will hurt me as well. So please be kind to it."
