,"Welcome to Amsterdam!  We offer a beautifully decorated, clean and very spacious appartment from which you can easily discover all of the wonderful city of Amsterdam. It's located in the beautiful and green Rivierenbuurt, which is 5 minutes from the lively and famous neighbourhood De Pijp, and 5 tramstops from the city centre. It's also just around the corner from the Scheldestraat, one of the more known streets for bars, restaurants, shops and delicious food stores. The Amsterdam RAI (convention centre) is a five-minute walk and can practically be seen from the house. The perfect place to get away from city madness and still be very close to the action. Parking is available on the street, though not cheap. There are several tram/busstops right in front of the house which take you all over the city. - The house is approx. 75 square meters.  - Large living room  - Spacious bedroom with double bed and TV  - Bathroom (with shower) containing all you need (showergel, fresh towels, etc.)  -","Welcome to Amsterdam!  We offer a beautifully decorated, clean and very spacious appartment from which you can easily discover all of the wonderful city of Amsterdam. It's located in the beautiful and green Rivierenbuurt, which is 5 minutes from the lively and famous neighbourhood De Pijp, and 5 tramstops from the city centre. It's also just around the corner from the Scheldestraat, one of the more known streets for bars, restaurants, shops and delicious food stores. The Amsterdam RAI (convention centre) is a five-minute walk and can practically be seen from the house. The perfect place to get away from city madness and still be very close to the action. Parking is available on the street, though not cheap. There are several tram/busstops right in front of the house which take you all over the city. - The house is approx. 75 square meters.  - Large living room  - Spacious bedroom with double bed and TV  - Bathroom (with shower) containing all you need (showergel, fresh towels, etc.)  -",,,
