"Our characteristic two story appartment is just renovated in its original style. It is situated in the heart of the Indian neighbourhood and you will find shops, bakeries, bars and restaurants just around the corner.","On the third floor you will find two bedrooms ( one with a double bed, the second with a single one), the bathroom and a separate toilet. The living room, and kitchen are situated on the 4th floor and offer a unique attic atmosphere ( the sofa is convertible and offers 1,5 person bed). Next to the kitchen you walk with your coffee onto the terrace.","Our characteristic two story appartment is just renovated in its original style. It is situated in the heart of the Indian neighbourhood and you will find shops, bakeries, bars and restaurants just around the corner. On the third floor you will find two bedrooms ( one with a double bed, the second with a single one), the bathroom and a separate toilet. The living room, and kitchen are situated on the 4th floor and offer a unique attic atmosphere ( the sofa is convertible and offers 1,5 person bed). Next to the kitchen you walk with your coffee onto the terrace. You will have acces to the entire appartment. When you are staying here, we will be gone abroad. The Indian neighbourhood, with streets named after the indonesian archipelago, offers a great variety of grocery shops, bakeries, markets, bars and restaurants. The neighbourhood is a bustling multicultural, friendly and save place. There is no need to leave the district as the area offers all you want. But in case you do, in less th","The Indian neighbourhood, with streets named after the indonesian archipelago, offers a great variety of grocery shops, bakeries, markets, bars and restaurants. The neighbourhood is a bustling multicultural, friendly and save place. There is no need to leave the district as the area offers all you want. But in case you do, in less then 20 minutes direct tram and bus connections bring you to the city centre. On a bicycle you are just a fast as the tram. ","Bus 22 brings you from central station in 10 minutes to Javaplein, just 500 metres from our street. Tram 14 also leaves from Javaplein and brings you to Rembrandtplein in 15 minutes. From Insulindeweg you can catch tram 7 which takes you to Leidseplein in 20 minutes. Muiderpoort train station (Insulindeweg, just 5 minutes walk) connects you with central station and all other places outside Amsterdam.","We expect you to enjoy our place as we do. Feel free and at home. We love our place and treat it accordingly. We hope you can leave our place as clean as you found it. In case you smoke, there is a perfect place for it on the terrace."
