"Please enjoy our family home, 2 floors, 150m2, spacy and light apartment, located in a beautiful canal street in the center of Amsterdam. We have 2 bedrooms for adults + 1 children room (which can also be used by a single adult person), 2 bathrooms, 2 kitchens, great view over the canal, and a balcony.","We live right in the centre but it is a very quiet and peaceful canal street. We have all the shops, museums, the vondel park and the Jordaan at walking distance around us. The house is really comfortable and spacy (150 m2) with 2 floors with each a kitchen and a bathroom. We have two double beds, 1 children bed and  one room with a bunk bed and lots of toys, it is great for families!","Please enjoy our family home, 2 floors, 150m2, spacy and light apartment, located in a beautiful canal street in the center of Amsterdam. We have 2 bedrooms for adults + 1 children room (which can also be used by a single adult person), 2 bathrooms, 2 kitchens, great view over the canal, and a balcony. We live right in the centre but it is a very quiet and peaceful canal street. We have all the shops, museums, the vondel park and the Jordaan at walking distance around us. The house is really comfortable and spacy (150 m2) with 2 floors with each a kitchen and a bathroom. We have two double beds, 1 children bed and  one room with a bunk bed and lots of toys, it is great for families! We live on the third floor, this means we have stairs that you need to climb before you can enter the house. As an advantage you have a lot of light and great view and no neighbors above us! It is all yours! We will be away during the rental period. We live in the middle of the center of Amsterdam, on the c","We live in the middle of the center of Amsterdam, on the canal, 2 minutes walk from Leidseplein, 10 minutes walk from all the famous museums, right in the Jordaan with all the small shopping streets, vondel park 5 min. walk, surrounded by restaurants, shops and the quietness of the canal, the best of A'dam. ","Public transport is all around, trams and buses. Bike rental around the corner.",Please keep it quiet after 22:00.
