"A great spacious 2 floor appartment for 4 to max 6 people with 2 living rooms, 2 double bedrooms and a bedroom with 2 beds. Very suitable for 2 adult couples and 2 children. The rooms are light and airy. The appartment has a lot of space to relax. Also there’s a tv with cable and free wireless internet (wifi). It's in a very green area and has good connections to the center of Amsterdam and the beaches. Minimumstay is three days.","We offer a great spacious 2 floor appartment for four to six people with upstairs two double bedrooms, and a bedroom with 2 beds. On the first floor two large living rooms and an open kitchen. The rooms are light and airy. The appartment has a lot of space to relax. Also there’s a tv with cable and free wireless internet (wifi). The house is in a very green area, very central and is ideal for an uncomplicated stay in Amsterdam. Very good connections to the sea. Have a look at the pictures to get an impression.  The house is in a lively neighbourhood, very near Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark, 5 minutes on foot to the Overtoom with cafes and restaurants in abundance. The kitchen comes fully equipped with an espresso machine, kettle, toaster, gas stove, fridge freezer, microwave, dishwasher and all utensils. Everything you need to cook and enjoy a proper meal. Coffee and tea provided by us. The bathroom has a bath and a shower, and hand basin. Towels and soap provided. There are two separat","A great spacious 2 floor appartment for 4 to max 6 people with 2 living rooms, 2 double bedrooms and a bedroom with 2 beds. Very suitable for 2 adult couples and 2 children. The rooms are light and airy. The appartment has a lot of space to relax. Also there’s a tv with cable and free wireless internet (wifi). It's in a very green area and has good connections to the center of Amsterdam and the beaches. Minimumstay is three days. We offer a great spacious 2 floor appartment for four to six people with upstairs two double bedrooms, and a bedroom with 2 beds. On the first floor two large living rooms and an open kitchen. The rooms are light and airy. The appartment has a lot of space to relax. Also there’s a tv with cable and free wireless internet (wifi). The house is in a very green area, very central and is ideal for an uncomplicated stay in Amsterdam. Very good connections to the sea. Have a look at the pictures to get an impression.  The house is in a lively neighbourhood, very near","Now the neighborhood De Baarsjes is bursting with fun initiatives such as pop-up stores and weekend markets, and you can go shopping. There are no real big chains here, but there is even more room for small entrepreneurs with unique ideas and shops.","Parking is a problem in Amsterdam, because its expensive. But if you take some time you can get a parkingplace nearby for a reasonable price.  Very cheap is: (Website hidden by Airbnb) but you have to download the app.  Or look here: (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Public transport is very good, trams and metro will take you anywhere, also the connection tot the airport and the beach is very good.","No special rules, just behave in a sensible way and have fun. No drugs inside the house.  Normal check-in and check-out times: Check-out 11:00 am. Check-in before 21:00 pm. Checkout time is 11 am, but you can bring or leave your luggage at your convenience."
