,"This clean and stylish private apartment is easily accessible; the best of Amsterdam. You can enjoy your own private roof terrace that faces southwest and offers plenty of sunshine. A great spot for morning breakfast or to enjoy a glass of wine at sunset.  Arriving on the 3rd floor there is a landing with a fully equipped private kitchen if you decide to prepare a meal or snacks. The kitchen includes a refrigerator, freezer, microwave and coffee maker.  From the kitchen,  there is access to the large roof terrace with tables, chairs and a gas BBQ for outdoor grilling. If the weather cools down, there is an outdoor heater on the terrace to keep you warm and cozy under the stars. Also from the kitchen you can go to the bedroom with double bed and cupboard for your clothes. On the wall there is a flatscreen TV. Within your bedroom there is a shower and separate toilet.   The supermarket and great shops are only a 2 minute walk. Public transport to the city is just around the corner, tram(","This clean and stylish private apartment is easily accessible; the best of Amsterdam. You can enjoy your own private roof terrace that faces southwest and offers plenty of sunshine. A great spot for morning breakfast or to enjoy a glass of wine at sunset.  Arriving on the 3rd floor there is a landing with a fully equipped private kitchen if you decide to prepare a meal or snacks. The kitchen includes a refrigerator, freezer, microwave and coffee maker.  From the kitchen,  there is access to the large roof terrace with tables, chairs and a gas BBQ for outdoor grilling. If the weather cools down, there is an outdoor heater on the terrace to keep you warm and cozy under the stars. Also from the kitchen you can go to the bedroom with double bed and cupboard for your clothes. On the wall there is a flatscreen TV. Within your bedroom there is a shower and separate toilet.   The supermarket and great shops are only a 2 minute walk. Public transport to the city is just around the corner, tram(","Amsterdam west, is one of the most vibrant areas in Amsterdam, its filled with nice coffee houses, restaurants, lunch and breakfast places. The foodhallen is just a 10-15 min walk from here too.","Tram 14 and 12 stop right around the corner, it takes you in 10min to Dam square, Rembrandt square or Museum square. Bus 21 takes you in 12 min directly to Amsterdam central station.","This appartment is in a resisdential neighborhood, so please be aware of this when playing music in the room or on the roof terrace after 10pm. Please feel free to enjoy the apartment like its your own. NO smoking inside the house, please smoke on the roofterrace."
