"We made our spacious house into a warm home, close to downtown with shops, public transport, restaurants and parks literally around the corner. All comfort is available, located in a quiet family neighborhood to both relax and explore Amsterdam. Sleeping up to 4 guests in luxury surroundings, this fantastic holiday home makes the perfect choice for your stay with family of friends in Amsterdam. Kids are most welcome.","This gorgeous apartment is excellently designed with your comfort in mind. A warm inviting living space features chic wooden flooring throughout and deliciously contemporary furniture. An elegant dining table and chairs enable you to make mealtimes comfortable and it’s of course the perfect time to plan tomorrow’s adventures in town together. Prepare favourite recipes from home or why not try a little Dutch cooking with local spices from the nearby convenience stores and supermarkets. The fantastic fitted kitchen is packed with all the equipment you need to create something delicious. The pretty bedroom is stylishly presented and features unfussy earth tones to encourage restful sleep and there is ample storage for your belongings. The apartment also features a private bathroom fitted with a sink, shower toilet and garden. In a quiet residential area of Amsterdam Watergraafsmeer, walking distance from local shops, grocery stores and excellent public transport facilities. Our home is a ","We made our spacious house into a warm home, close to downtown with shops, public transport, restaurants and parks literally around the corner. All comfort is available, located in a quiet family neighborhood to both relax and explore Amsterdam. Sleeping up to 4 guests in luxury surroundings, this fantastic holiday home makes the perfect choice for your stay with family of friends in Amsterdam. Kids are most welcome. This gorgeous apartment is excellently designed with your comfort in mind. A warm inviting living space features chic wooden flooring throughout and deliciously contemporary furniture. An elegant dining table and chairs enable you to make mealtimes comfortable and it’s of course the perfect time to plan tomorrow’s adventures in town together. Prepare favourite recipes from home or why not try a little Dutch cooking with local spices from the nearby convenience stores and supermarkets. The fantastic fitted kitchen is packed with all the equipment you need to create somethin","Sweet neighbors, great atmosphere, safe and quiet street, walking to parks, playgrounds, shops, bars and public transport. Lively down town Amsterdam is a 10 minute bike or tram ride away.","Tram to down town area and Central Station, several busses, Amstel Trainstation 7 minutes walk.",
