"Our appartement has one living room with a sleeping couch for one person, a master bedroom with shower for two persons, and a baby room for kids up to 8years old ( we don't charge just tell us ).   It's situated in the West side called de Baarsjes. Parks, bars, cafe's and nice shops are on walking distance. Train, tram, bus and metro stations nearby. A great neighborhood. We have cat called Mus. He doesn't want attention just leave him on his own. Then he is your friend.","Our house is in the middel of an cosy neighborhood in Amsterdam West. bars, cafe's shops and parks just around the corner. The West/baarsjes is an up coming neighborhood with al lot to explorer. If you like cafe's bars, galleries, small pop-up shops, the Halle and nice people, then this is the place to go.  You can sleep with tree people and a toddler in the house, it's suitable for children from all ages. We have everything for kids. a small bath, a children chair etc.. If you have a kid let us know, we don't charge kids. There ar several playgrounds within 5min walk.","Our appartement has one living room with a sleeping couch for one person, a master bedroom with shower for two persons, and a baby room for kids up to 8years old ( we don't charge just tell us ).   It's situated in the West side called de Baarsjes. Parks, bars, cafe's and nice shops are on walking distance. Train, tram, bus and metro stations nearby. A great neighborhood. We have cat called Mus. He doesn't want attention just leave him on his own. Then he is your friend. Our house is in the middel of an cosy neighborhood in Amsterdam West. bars, cafe's shops and parks just around the corner. The West/baarsjes is an up coming neighborhood with al lot to explorer. If you like cafe's bars, galleries, small pop-up shops, the Halle and nice people, then this is the place to go.  You can sleep with tree people and a toddler in the house, it's suitable for children from all ages. We have everything for kids. a small bath, a children chair etc.. If you have a kid let us know, we don't charge k","There are a lot of nice things to discovery everything in Amsterdam is in 30min reach on bike, from where we live. The real city centre just 10min. Depending on what you like we can advice you some good things to do and see.","It's easy to get to our house several busses metro's and trams are just around the corner. I'll let you know what the best way is to find our house, depending on where you come from.","To Ensure the apartment stay's as beautiful as it is now, and my neigbours stay as happy asthey are now, The following rules apply for renting the apartment: Absolutely no drugs. Absolutely no smoking, and yes, that includes marihuana. No pets Inviting extra guests: only when you inform me before and when I give permission. The apartment is not available as ""partyhouse"" If you want to celebrate something let me know before. Between 22.00 and 07.00 don't make loud noice, when you come home late at night, try to be silent in the staircase and take your shoes of in the apartment. Live in the apartment like you would in your own house, don't get the neighbours to complain. Then we're sure you will have the best time there is."
