"!!!Families Only!!! Fantastic family apartment + garden with 3 separate bedrooms, in the centre of Amsterdam. It's a 1900's building at the heart of the city. Close to the main attractions and easy to access by Metro/tram. Families only!!","3 separate bedroom in the centre of Amsterdam. Close to the zoo and parks. Fully furnished with Cable TV and fast internet. All house plus garden tips and ideas for fun activities with kids  Centrum East is very close to all the major attractions, from the famous Artis zoo to the Museum district. Very easy to reach from the airport via train+metro. Walking distance to the heart of the city and a very safe neighbourhood. tram, metro","!!!Families Only!!! Fantastic family apartment + garden with 3 separate bedrooms, in the centre of Amsterdam. It's a 1900's building at the heart of the city. Close to the main attractions and easy to access by Metro/tram. Families only!! 3 separate bedroom in the centre of Amsterdam. Close to the zoo and parks. Fully furnished with Cable TV and fast internet. All house plus garden tips and ideas for fun activities with kids  Centrum East is very close to all the major attractions, from the famous Artis zoo to the Museum district. Very easy to reach from the airport via train+metro. Walking distance to the heart of the city and a very safe neighbourhood. tram, metro Whole house and garden will give recommendations Fantastic area, close to the famous Artis Zoo, the Oosterpark and the city centre. Easy access to the Museum district and all the city's main attractions. Metro 200 mt. away and trams 7 and 10 outside the door. 3-4 station to the Museum District and centre although the best t","Fantastic area, close to the famous Artis Zoo, the Oosterpark and the city centre. Easy access to the Museum district and all the city's main attractions.",Metro 200 mt. away and trams 7 and 10 outside the door. 3-4 station to the Museum District and centre although the best thing to do is always walk or rent a bike.,NO SMOKING and respect the house and neighbours. The ground floor is below the street level thus uses pumps to pump up the water and waste. Please don't throw anything to the toilet other than toilet paper! Garbage - you can take out the garbage on Tuesday/Friday Evening or wednesday/Saturday Mornings and place it near the tree on the street pavement. Toilets washing machine and dryer  Dishwasher 2 (website hidden). Stereo.  Wifi code and guest network  Drinking water from the tap Booker with constant boiling water Automatic Lights  Garden key outside.  Computer access  Food and wine buy your own.
