"Enjoy our modern, comfortable lakeside family house in Holysloot. It was built in 2011 in the traditional style of the region using natural and recycled materials only. The house is modern, spacious and light with a large, quiet garden.","Our house is spacious and light. There is a large wooden terrace at the back. The main floor has a large living with fireplace and an open kitchen with a big family table. The first floor has a spacious master bedroom and a children's bedroom with 2 beds. A baby bed is also available. It also features the main bathroom with a tub and a shower and a separate toilet. The basement has a large bedroom with natural light, a French bed and its own bathroom with shower.  The rear facade of the house can be opened entirely to the terrace and garden. There is a outdoor woodstove on the terrace. In the garden there is a second terrace on the waterfront.","Enjoy our modern, comfortable lakeside family house in Holysloot. It was built in 2011 in the traditional style of the region using natural and recycled materials only. The house is modern, spacious and light with a large, quiet garden. Our house is spacious and light. There is a large wooden terrace at the back. The main floor has a large living with fireplace and an open kitchen with a big family table. The first floor has a spacious master bedroom and a children's bedroom with 2 beds. A baby bed is also available. It also features the main bathroom with a tub and a shower and a separate toilet. The basement has a large bedroom with natural light, a French bed and its own bathroom with shower.  The rear facade of the house can be opened entirely to the terrace and garden. There is a outdoor woodstove on the terrace. In the garden there is a second terrace on the waterfront. You have access to the entire house except for two areas in the basement. Also the barn is kept locked.  We lea","Holysloot is the loveliest small village just outside Amsterdam: 15 minutes from Central Station. It is the best of both worlds: close to the city, but in the peace and quiet of the countryside.  For canoeing, walking, cycling it is a lovely area.  A canoe is available at the house (including life vest) and you can rent a boat at the other side of the village.  In the local restaurant you can enjoy a good lunch and dinner from Wednesdays through Sundays.","A car is preferred (there is parking space for 2 big cars) as the bus goes once every hour and only during the week. If you need to rent a car let us know, we can help you with details.","After 10 PM no music outside and smoking is only allowed outside. Pets not allowed.  Please the house as it is yours and keep it clean! We expect you to leave the house clean: turn on the dishwasher (when you have dirty dishes), leave the house sweep-clean and tightly up things you have used."
