"Beautiful, Sunny loft, over 3 floors, ideal for a family of 4 (or 5 people like ourselves). We've just finished a major makeover of our apartment adding a roof terrace and with just underneath a large open space with kitchen, eating area and lounge.  Our apartment is in the leafy, green Amsterdam-Zuid area, 5 minutes by bike to the bustling neighbourhood De Pijp and with a few more peddles you'll find yourself at Dam Square.",La plupart des descriptions sur notre appart sont en anglais. Ma femme est française (de Lyon) alors il n’y a aucune problème pour communiquer en français.,"Beautiful, Sunny loft, over 3 floors, ideal for a family of 4 (or 5 people like ourselves). We've just finished a major makeover of our apartment adding a roof terrace and with just underneath a large open space with kitchen, eating area and lounge.  Our apartment is in the leafy, green Amsterdam-Zuid area, 5 minutes by bike to the bustling neighbourhood De Pijp and with a few more peddles you'll find yourself at Dam Square. La plupart des descriptions sur notre appart sont en anglais. Ma femme est française (de Lyon) alors il n’y a aucune problème pour communiquer en français. As the entire appartement has just had a major makeover with an all new kitchen, bathroom etc and we'd ask you to take extra care and respect the place as is was your own :-). The kitchen, lounge area, all bedrooms, bathroom and toilet are brand new. D’abord, si vous voulez on peux aussi se communiquer en Français (Laure, ma femme est française de Lyon alors moi aussi j’ai du apprendre pas mal :-). Si non commun","There are many bars, restaurants and super markets within just a few minutes walk from our place. If you prefer something more busy you'll be in the neighbourhood 'De Pijp' in about 5 minutes by bike.","How to get to our place It doesn’t really matter how you arrive to Amsterdam, it’s always easy to get to our place. We will send you detailed information upon your arrival but just to give you an idea: From Schiphol Airport: it will take you about 30 minutes to get to our place by train although you could also take a taxi (20 minutes and about 40 euros) From Amsterdam Central Station: it will take you about 30 minutes by Tram from Central Station to get to our place  By Car: it’s still fairly easy to find a parking space in our area but keep in mind that from (phone number hidden) you need to pay around 2,40 euros per hour TIP: Before coming over download the “9292” App on you mobile phone. It’s a very  easy to use and tells you the quickest way to get from A to B in the Amsterdam (and The Netherlands) using public transportation Getting Around in Amsterdam It’s about a 10-minute bike or tram ride to the ‘tourist part’ of the city. We like to recommend you to rent a bike for the durati","You will have access to all amenities that we also use. The only thing we ask that you respect the place and treat it like it is your own, especially now that the whole place has just been renovated."
