"My 130 square meter appt. is very comfortable. One big bedroom for 2 . Luxury kitchen, huge living room. Next to Amstelpark, very close to RAI complex. Sunny balcony. Only for non smokers! Town center 15 minutes.","My 130 square meter appt. is very comfortable. One big bedroom for 2, luxury kitchen, huge living room. Next to Amstelpark, very close to RAI complex. Sunny balcony. Only for non smokers! Town center 15 minutes.    Really very modern and cosy. Use of everything available in the house like TV, fully equipped kitchen.  Everything I welcome them. Help them to find their way in my house and in town and am available by phone for questions. Quit neighbourhood but only a couple of minutes walk to RAI congress center and magic Amsterdam South. With tram and metro it takes you 15 minutes to the center of Amsterdam.   Tram/train and metro at 400 meters","My 130 square meter appt. is very comfortable. One big bedroom for 2 . Luxury kitchen, huge living room. Next to Amstelpark, very close to RAI complex. Sunny balcony. Only for non smokers! Town center 15 minutes. My 130 square meter appt. is very comfortable. One big bedroom for 2, luxury kitchen, huge living room. Next to Amstelpark, very close to RAI complex. Sunny balcony. Only for non smokers! Town center 15 minutes.    Really very modern and cosy. Use of everything available in the house like TV, fully equipped kitchen.  Everything I welcome them. Help them to find their way in my house and in town and am available by phone for questions. Quit neighbourhood but only a couple of minutes walk to RAI congress center and magic Amsterdam South. With tram and metro it takes you 15 minutes to the center of Amsterdam.   Tram/train and metro at 400 meters everything I am there to welcome my guests and show them around. Quit neighbourhood but only a couple of minutes walk to RAI congress ce",Quit neighbourhood but only a couple of minutes walk to RAI congress center and magic Amsterdam South. With tram and metro it takes you 15 minutes to the center of Amsterdam.,Tram/train and Metro within 400 to 500 meters,I expect my guests to feel comfortable and behave like at home. No parties in the house
