"Best place to stay in the heart of Amsterdam! Chic, spacious, sunny, & rustic. Extraordinary view on Canal & Royal Palace. Right next to the hip 9Streetdistrict, you'll find exquisite coffeebars, great restaurants & boutiques. A special hide out. ","An authentic 17th century Loft with all the modern comforts you need. Oak wooden floors, historical details and windows that let in lots of sunlight. When the sun goes down the atmosphere is fairytale-ish and very romantic.  The living has a super high ceiling, mindblowing mirrors, a great collection of art books and a cozy window-sill where you can lay down or sit, while watching  the characteristic Amsterdam life and boats go by. The cozy and comfortable bedroom is build on the vide and overlooks the whole loft. The classic kitchen provides everything you need including dishwasher, washingmachine, blender & oven. In the relaxing bathroom you can chill and spend hours in the tub. Create your own candlelit sanctuary. A bit of history: Back in the 17th century a wealthy merchant and his family owned this building, and the apartment was the ‘stijlkamer’ the salon where they entertained guests. Some fifteen years ago a bedroom vides was built. -WiFi -Bath/Shower -Cable TVs -Stereo -Fully ","Best place to stay in the heart of Amsterdam! Chic, spacious, sunny, & rustic. Extraordinary view on Canal & Royal Palace. Right next to the hip 9Streetdistrict, you'll find exquisite coffeebars, great restaurants & boutiques. A special hide out. An authentic 17th century Loft with all the modern comforts you need. Oak wooden floors, historical details and windows that let in lots of sunlight. When the sun goes down the atmosphere is fairytale-ish and very romantic.  The living has a super high ceiling, mindblowing mirrors, a great collection of art books and a cozy window-sill where you can lay down or sit, while watching  the characteristic Amsterdam life and boats go by. The cozy and comfortable bedroom is build on the vide and overlooks the whole loft. The classic kitchen provides everything you need including dishwasher, washingmachine, blender & oven. In the relaxing bathroom you can chill and spend hours in the tub. Create your own candlelit sanctuary. A bit of history: Back in ","Everything you could possibly need is within walking distance: Central station, Dam Square, the 9StreetsDistrict, the Anne Frank house, Bike rental services, famous (BIO) markets, the Royal Palace, Madame Tussauds,  the canals, museums, shopping, cafés, restaurants and nightlife. ",The loft is situated at the Singel Canal right in the heart of the city. Public transport is all around to take you everywhere. Rent a bike around the corner or try something fun & new and rent a waterbike!  ,"I trust you to treat the the house with love and respect. The loft is very personal. - Please respect the house. - Please respect the neighbours. - No parties. - No loud music. - Minimum stay of 2 nights. - €50,- cleaningfee."
