"Our sunny apartment with a terras for the south is located 15 min from the heart of Amsterdam. It's next to the great Westerpark, that has various of attractions like cinema, restaurants, bars and clubs.","Our sunny apartment with a terras for the south is located 15 min from the heart of Amsterdam. It's next to the great Westerpark, that has various of attractions like cinema, restaurants, bars and clubs.   We have a light, spacious and comfortable apartment in a young and upcoming area in Amsterdam West. It is situated close to the Westerpark and the Jordaan neighbourhood with all its canals and nice shops. There are a lot markets and restaurants at walking distance and the city centre is reachable per bike or public transportation in less than 15 minutes. The tram stops before the door and there is a bike rental in the street. The apartment has a living room with open kitchen and all the equipment you need. We'll show you how to make the perfect espresso or cappuccino out of the coffee machine to get your day started. We offer you: (URL HIDDEN)balconies; one at the front of the house with morning sun and  big balcony at the garden side with sun the whole day and beginning of the eveni","Our sunny apartment with a terras for the south is located 15 min from the heart of Amsterdam. It's next to the great Westerpark, that has various of attractions like cinema, restaurants, bars and clubs. Our sunny apartment with a terras for the south is located 15 min from the heart of Amsterdam. It's next to the great Westerpark, that has various of attractions like cinema, restaurants, bars and clubs.   We have a light, spacious and comfortable apartment in a young and upcoming area in Amsterdam West. It is situated close to the Westerpark and the Jordaan neighbourhood with all its canals and nice shops. There are a lot markets and restaurants at walking distance and the city centre is reachable per bike or public transportation in less than 15 minutes. The tram stops before the door and there is a bike rental in the street. The apartment has a living room with open kitchen and all the equipment you need. We'll show you how to make the perfect espresso or cappuccino out of the coffe",,"Public transportation is available just in-front of the door, trams and busses which can take you to the central station and city centre with in 15 min. Direct bus to schiphol airport is availiable in case of early morning flights just across the street.",
