"This apartment has a beautiful interior that inspires you to the fullest. Wake up with a latte on our balcony, and enjoy the morning sun. It's located in a quiet neighbourhood, and centre and musea are just 10 minutes away. Best of both worlds!","This spacious apartment is located next to the beautiful area the Pijp, on the edge of the historic city centre. Additionally, The RAI, Zuid-As and VU are also extremely close.  De Pijp and Rivierenbuurt are one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. De Pijp as Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities and breathes life as the lively bohemian district known as the Quartier Latin. This area is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants and bars. Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the Albert Cuypmarket, flanked by over 100 shops. If you wander down Albert Cuypstraat and Ferdinand Bolstraat, the main streets in de Pijp, you will find many exotic and authentic restaurants and a typical Amsterdam pub is located on almost every corner. Besides, in only a couple of minutes you will be in the city centre. The apartment is fully furnished and is stylishly decorated. It features large windows","This apartment has a beautiful interior that inspires you to the fullest. Wake up with a latte on our balcony, and enjoy the morning sun. It's located in a quiet neighbourhood, and centre and musea are just 10 minutes away. Best of both worlds! This spacious apartment is located next to the beautiful area the Pijp, on the edge of the historic city centre. Additionally, The RAI, Zuid-As and VU are also extremely close.  De Pijp and Rivierenbuurt are one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. De Pijp as Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities and breathes life as the lively bohemian district known as the Quartier Latin. This area is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants and bars. Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the Albert Cuypmarket, flanked by over 100 shops. If you wander down Albert Cuypstraat and Ferdinand Bolstraat, the main streets in de Pijp, you will find many exotic","The Rivierenbuurt and de Pijp are great neighbourhoods to live in. There's so much to do, and you're in the city centre within minutes. Trams will quickly transport you to the most beautiful musea and other sights.","Yes, trams stops are just a one minute walk. The RAI, Zuid-As and VU are extremely close!","Behave as you behave at your own house, only better :-)"
