"High quality apartment in 18 century building in one of the nicest city center neighborhoods. The house is fully equipped with all you need: modern kitchen & bathroom, roofterrace, . everything in walking distance.","High quality apartment in 18 century building in one of the nicest city center neighborhoods. The house is fully equipped with all you need: luxurious bathroom & kitchen, spacious living room, roofterrace, double bed . everything in walking distance. Your own apartment for a couple of days in the middle of the city centre of Amsterdam! High quality apartment for rent in 18 century building, the house is fully equipped with all you need. The apartment is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam in the south part of the Canal district, everything within walking distance. THE APARTMENT, 2 floors 85m2:  * 1 bedroom with double bed, clean bedding and towels will be available for you.  * Luxurious bathroom with spacious shower and bathtub * 2x separate toilet * Large living-room with large dinner table  * Fully equipped modern kitchen with a large gas stove, dishwasher and water cooker * Washing area with washing machine * Roof terrace south east located, s(phone number hidden","High quality apartment in 18 century building in one of the nicest city center neighborhoods. The house is fully equipped with all you need: modern kitchen & bathroom, roofterrace, . everything in walking distance. High quality apartment in 18 century building in one of the nicest city center neighborhoods. The house is fully equipped with all you need: luxurious bathroom & kitchen, spacious living room, roofterrace, double bed . everything in walking distance. Your own apartment for a couple of days in the middle of the city centre of Amsterdam! High quality apartment for rent in 18 century building, the house is fully equipped with all you need. The apartment is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam in the south part of the Canal district, everything within walking distance. THE APARTMENT, 2 floors 85m2:  * 1 bedroom with double bed, clean bedding and towels will be available for you.  * Luxurious bathroom with spacious shower and bathtub * 2x separate toilet * Larg","Our apartment is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam in the south part of the Canal district, everything within walking distance. Next to the famous Utrechtse straat with its nice, restaurant, bars and boutiques and next to the Amstel River. Even though it is the city center the street is nicely quit.  The popular area 'De Pijp' is within 2 minutes walking distance. The Heineken Brewery and the famous Albert Cuyp market are therefore very close. 'De Pijp' is popular among tourists and locals for its wide variety of bars, restaurants, shops and local market.  The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw, Vondelpark, Hermitage, Carré, Red light district, de Dam, Leidseplein, Waterlooplein and Rembrandtplein can be easily reached within a 10 minutes’ walk.  At the apartment we have provided a guide with our recommendations of restaurants, bars and places to go. If you have specific questions please let us know. ",Tram and bus stop on 1 minute walk and Metro 5 minute walk.,no smoking inside no animals no loud music / party
