,"Stylish and fully equipped first floor apartment in the bustling Schelde district. The apartment is tastefully decorated with a mix of modern classics and vintage furniture. The apartment has a homely living / dining room, a separate toilet and bathroom, very comfortable and relaxing bedroom and a kitchen which is very well equipped. Everyone will feel at home immediately. With public transport, numerous shops and restaurants and parks within walking distance, this apartment  is the perfect base for your visit to Amsterdam. The RAI convention center is located within 5 minutes walking distance. An ideal location for people who have business at the exhibition or trade fair and want to combine this with a real Amsterdam experience. There is no better location te be!  By bike it will take you only 5 minutes to get to the lively and trendy neighborhood de Pijp (Albert Cuyp market) or to the popular Amsterdam South district, with it's posh shops and famous Farmers market every Saturday. The","Stylish and fully equipped first floor apartment in the bustling Schelde district. The apartment is tastefully decorated with a mix of modern classics and vintage furniture. The apartment has a homely living / dining room, a separate toilet and bathroom, very comfortable and relaxing bedroom and a kitchen which is very well equipped. Everyone will feel at home immediately. With public transport, numerous shops and restaurants and parks within walking distance, this apartment  is the perfect base for your visit to Amsterdam. The RAI convention center is located within 5 minutes walking distance. An ideal location for people who have business at the exhibition or trade fair and want to combine this with a real Amsterdam experience. There is no better location te be!  By bike it will take you only 5 minutes to get to the lively and trendy neighborhood de Pijp (Albert Cuyp market) or to the popular Amsterdam South district, with it's posh shops and famous Farmers market every Saturday. The",,,
