"Cosy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building  (1888)  in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.  'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities.  The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city.  This apartment is a loft of 60 sq. mtrs. with your own bath, shower, kitchen en the cosy backyard with your own (partly covered) terrace. Two bikes incl","Cosy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building  (1888)  in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.  'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities.  The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Heineken Museum, the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, The Royal Concerthall, Paradiso, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum.The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam. It will take about five minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You will also be able to take the tram, stops are only a three minutes walk from the apartment. De Pijp is also known for it's shops, bars and muliticultural restaurants. The Sarphatipark and the Vondelpa","Cosy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building  (1888)  in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.  'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities.  The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city.  This apartment is a loft of 60 sq. mtrs. with your own bath, shower, kitchen en the cosy backyard with your own (partly covered) terrace. Two bikes incl Cosy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building  (1888)  in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.  'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities.  The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular site","'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities.  The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city.  De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Heineken Museum, the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, The Royal Concerthall, Paradiso, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum.The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam. It will take about five minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You will also be able to take the tram, stops are only a three minutes walk from the apartment. De Pijp is also known for it's shops, bars and muliticultural restaurants. The Sarphatipark and the Vondelpark are just around the corner.  We love the Pijp and already live here now for 22 years. It's not touristic but always vivid. ","From the national airport, (Schiphol) you could take a;  Taxi: It'll cost you about € 40 to get to the apartment. (It will take about 20 minutes) The address; Govert Flinckstraat 174 Amsterdam Train: (downstairs at the airport) Take the train to Amsterdam Central station. From the station take the cityside exit. From here you could take the tram (nr. 24 or nr.16) Be aware you have to get out at the stop ""Albert Cuypmarket"" The Govert Flinckstreet is just the next street. (about 5 min. walk) This whole trip will take about 40 minutes in total. The costs will be about € 7,- per person Bus: Walk towards Schiphol Plaza just in front of the airport and take bus nr. 197. Get out at the museumplein (square) in Amsterdam and from here take the tram, nr. 24 (direction Central Station) Get out at the stop “Albert Cuypmarket”. The Govert Flinckstreet is just the next street. (about 5 min. walk) This whole trip will take about 40 minutes in total. The costs are in total € 3,- per person. ","Dear guest, We'll invite you in the way we wanted to be invited.  The whole apartment is non smoking. You can smoke outside on the terrace. (Consideration for the neighbors is required). You can use all kind of machines and everything inside but use it properly. If anything doesn't work ask us. Two brand new bikes are included but be aware that you use two locks (included)"
