"Stay in a family house in Amsterdam and experience what it is to live in this wonderful city. The house is located in Amsterdam West, perfect area to be able to sleep at night and get quit fast and easy to the center. Also has a garden with BBQ were you can enjoy your coffee & meals on a nice day. Parking. Please read conditions. Also my best friend give boat trips, if your interested let me know! He's an awesome Amsterdammer","Enjoy your stay in a two floor family house in Amsterdam with garden to enjoy the weather or have a bbq, Near The westerpark And public transport almost at your door.  The house has four bedrooms,  three double beds and one single bed.  Total house is 110m2. The bathroom has a jacuzzi bathtub and all is quit new. Fit till 7 persons","Stay in a family house in Amsterdam and experience what it is to live in this wonderful city. The house is located in Amsterdam West, perfect area to be able to sleep at night and get quit fast and easy to the center. Also has a garden with BBQ were you can enjoy your coffee & meals on a nice day. Parking. Please read conditions. Also my best friend give boat trips, if your interested let me know! He's an awesome Amsterdammer Enjoy your stay in a two floor family house in Amsterdam with garden to enjoy the weather or have a bbq, Near The westerpark And public transport almost at your door.  The house has four bedrooms,  three double beds and one single bed.  Total house is 110m2. The bathroom has a jacuzzi bathtub and all is quit new. Fit till 7 persons The house has 4 bedrooms. Please note that the price is per person using the house, this means if you want to use all the bedrooms you will need to book for 7 persons. If you are a group of 5 or 6 we prepare three bedrooms. And one towe","You will find anything you need around. Bars, restaurants, shops, a small shopping Center, hairdressers, ....","Best public transport connections to Center, airport and other cities. Just perfect. You have train, tram, metro and bus blocks away.","No smoking in The house, you can smoke in The garden No street shoes allowed in The house please Bring your Home slippers. No parties, this is strict. Respect everything in the house. Don't use or touch our personal belongings No drugs in the house Please note we have two cats in the house. We would ask for you to just give them food that we have for them in the kitchen long closet. cats are not allowed to go in the rooms, keep the door from the living room closed so they dont come upstairs also don't allow the cat in the house through the attic Windows.  No alcohol abuse in the house. It is a family house so children live in this home. Always make sure the garden door is locked with the key when you go to sleep or away. There is a key always on the lock so you can lock.  I will put a new garbage black bag in the kitchen, when it's full please don't throw it in the front containers, there is a big garbage underground at the end of the street. Always use garbage bags.  No eating or drin"
