"Located in the very heart of the city, surrounded by the most stunning architecture and bridges, seconds from all that's good in Amsterdam.  The space is open and modern, lying Amsterdam's most famous Canal: The Amstel (see photo, not map pin).","Our 'family' home is actually a modern, spacious feeling two bedroom, one bathroom apartment in Amsterdam centre.  The location is really the big attraction. For those wanting to take a long weekend or week to explore this, most gorgeous of cities, you really can't go wrong with our property. We live on the 3rd and 4th floor of a typical Amsterdam style house situated on a street along the beautiful Amstel Canal.  The first floor is an open space, incorporating kitchen, dining space, and living area. There is a small office area and toilet to the back of this floor. Views over the canal will make your morning! The upper floor is open plan living too, featuring a double bedroom with canal views, a small, beautiful bathroom and a children's room ( 2x full size mattress built-in bunk unit).  The kids room has a sliding door, so if you wish, you can pretend it's not there! the bathroom has a sliding door for privacy too.  My home interior was designed by two talented architects in 2006 and","Located in the very heart of the city, surrounded by the most stunning architecture and bridges, seconds from all that's good in Amsterdam.  The space is open and modern, lying Amsterdam's most famous Canal: The Amstel (see photo, not map pin). Our 'family' home is actually a modern, spacious feeling two bedroom, one bathroom apartment in Amsterdam centre.  The location is really the big attraction. For those wanting to take a long weekend or week to explore this, most gorgeous of cities, you really can't go wrong with our property. We live on the 3rd and 4th floor of a typical Amsterdam style house situated on a street along the beautiful Amstel Canal.  The first floor is an open space, incorporating kitchen, dining space, and living area. There is a small office area and toilet to the back of this floor. Views over the canal will make your morning! The upper floor is open plan living too, featuring a double bedroom with canal views, a small, beautiful bathroom and a children's room (",,,
