,"The apartment is located on the Brouwersgracht, the most beautiful canal in Amsterdam. It is also conveniently located in the heart of the Jordaan district, an area known for its beautiful canals, historic buildings and relaxed atmosphere. In the area is a huge variety of small local shops, cafes and restaurants. On Mondays and Saturdays there is a street market just around the corner. Central Station, Anne Frank house, a number of other museums and historic locations and the red light district are all within walking distance. Public transportation and grocery stores are within a few minutes away. The apartment is 72 m2. The apartment can sleep up to 4 people and has a fully equipped kitchen. Also, television and wifi are included.  Our family will welcome you with great pleasure. The apartment is quiet and has a garden. The apartment is situated on the ground floor and overlooking on the boats sailing through the canal. - Anne Frank house is on walking distance (10 min) - Central Stat","The apartment is located on the Brouwersgracht, the most beautiful canal in Amsterdam. It is also conveniently located in the heart of the Jordaan district, an area known for its beautiful canals, historic buildings and relaxed atmosphere. In the area is a huge variety of small local shops, cafes and restaurants. On Mondays and Saturdays there is a street market just around the corner. Central Station, Anne Frank house, a number of other museums and historic locations and the red light district are all within walking distance. Public transportation and grocery stores are within a few minutes away. The apartment is 72 m2. The apartment can sleep up to 4 people and has a fully equipped kitchen. Also, television and wifi are included.  Our family will welcome you with great pleasure. The apartment is quiet and has a garden. The apartment is situated on the ground floor and overlooking on the boats sailing through the canal. - Anne Frank house is on walking distance (10 min) - Central Stat",,,Smoking is allowed in the garden.
