"The loft is in an old cigar factory, which makes the house very unique. The high ceilings and open space give an industrial look and feel. At the same time it's very cozy. The house is situated in a quite street right in the middle of Amsterdam.","Dear people, I don't exaggerate when I say that this is an unique house in Amsterdam. The house is built in an 200 year old cigar factory. With its 125 square meter (1346 square feet), its a spacious place for the city centre of Amsterdam. The apartment has an industrial character but feels warm at the same time. The high ceilings and the rough wooden construction make it a real 'loft'.  There are two -more or less- private 'vides' in the loft which are the bedrooms. On each vide there is a double bed, which also can be separated in single beds. Mattresses, sheets and covers are available. There is a kitchen with everything available to prepare a proper meal. And after a long day of strolling through the canal district of Amsterdam you can lay down in a warm wooden bath! The house is situated in the canal district -the old centre- of the city. The canals itself are one of the hotspots of Amsterdam. But actually all the main sights are rather nearby. The neighborhood has some very nice ","The loft is in an old cigar factory, which makes the house very unique. The high ceilings and open space give an industrial look and feel. At the same time it's very cozy. The house is situated in a quite street right in the middle of Amsterdam. Dear people, I don't exaggerate when I say that this is an unique house in Amsterdam. The house is built in an 200 year old cigar factory. With its 125 square meter (1346 square feet), its a spacious place for the city centre of Amsterdam. The apartment has an industrial character but feels warm at the same time. The high ceilings and the rough wooden construction make it a real 'loft'.  There are two -more or less- private 'vides' in the loft which are the bedrooms. On each vide there is a double bed, which also can be separated in single beds. Mattresses, sheets and covers are available. There is a kitchen with everything available to prepare a proper meal. And after a long day of strolling through the canal district of Amsterdam you can lay ","The house is situated in the famous and beautiful Amsterdam canal district, just around the corner of the 'Seven Bridges' spot at The Reguliersgracht. The street itself is quite and away from the tourist crowds.","The tram, also the one from the central station, stops around the corner. So if you arrive at Schiphol airport, take the train to 'Amsterdam Central Station', then take tram 4 and hop off at stop: 'Prinsengracht'. My house is just around the corner.",Threat the place as it was your own house. I think that's what it's all about. Thanks.
