"10 min. from the city center! - Full options kitchen  - Rainshower  - Flatscreen TV, digital - Canal view   - Washer and dryer  - Oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge  - High-speed wifi - LG soundbar - incl. bluetooth connector","My apartment is very light and comfy. You will undoubtedly feel at home right away. If you are curious about the total price including all Airbnb fees please enter the exact dates and the amount of guests into AirBnB first and they will give you the exact price. We kindly ask that you do this before contacting this listing. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.  I'm hoping to welcome you soon in this gorgeous city! The apartment is located in a lively area. There are many cafes, restaurants, fast food chains, 3 large supermarkets (open daily from 8am-10pm), bakery, pharmacy, little shops etc, only steps away. Free wifi, premium cable. and central air ventilation.  YOUR STAY INCLUDES:   • fresh bedding and towels   • a large living area   • King sized bed: 2.00x2.00cm  • Premium Cable TV    • Leather Couch  • Open kitchen • High speed Wi-Fi • Canal view • Public transport in front of the door.  Clean fresh towels and bed linens provided. No pets, no smoking. M","10 min. from the city center! - Full options kitchen  - Rainshower  - Flatscreen TV, digital - Canal view   - Washer and dryer  - Oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge  - High-speed wifi - LG soundbar - incl. bluetooth connector My apartment is very light and comfy. You will undoubtedly feel at home right away. If you are curious about the total price including all Airbnb fees please enter the exact dates and the amount of guests into AirBnB first and they will give you the exact price. We kindly ask that you do this before contacting this listing. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.  I'm hoping to welcome you soon in this gorgeous city! The apartment is located in a lively area. There are many cafes, restaurants, fast food chains, 3 large supermarkets (open daily from 8am-10pm), bakery, pharmacy, little shops etc, only steps away. Free wifi, premium cable. and central air ventilation.  YOUR STAY INCLUDES:   • fresh bedding and towels   • a large living area ","Many bars and restaurants are just minutes away (Fossa, Buurman & Buurman, Zurich, Mozaiek and more!) The tram or bus is about 20 steps outside the door. If you come by car, you can park* (*option: 22 hours use for €40,- ) your car in the gated and secure car park in the building. From the carpark you can take the elevator to the appartment, very convenient. *option: 22 hours use for €40,-","Airport:   • 17 Minutes from Schiphol by TCA taxi: € 30,- and up + tip and toll   • 24 Minutes from Schiphol by Train and citybus: € 5,- • 87 Minutes from Rotterdam - The Hague Airport by train and citybus: € 18,-   Transportation   • 1 mins from Tram and city-bus   • 10 Minutes to Anne Frank house   • 11 Minutes to Vondel Park (Central Park)   • 16 Minutes to the Rijksmuseum   • 16 Minutes to van Gogh Museum • 17 Minutes to Red Light District    • 3 Minutes to Coffeeshop • 15 to Central Station   • 5 Minutes to Station Sloterdijk Walking distance to Supermarkets, Erasmuspark and nice shops.",
