"'YOUR' beautiful big private b&b has a woody, characteristic atmosphere. My apartment lies along one of the most central and beautiful canals and a few minutes walk from the city centre with the historic canals, museums, shops, restaurants, public transport, Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and the Vondelpark. No smoking/no drugsuse inside the B&B and my house. Ideally for 1 or 2 adults; couples, retirees, cultural people, quiet guests or a small family, museum lovers, respectful and responsible guests.","'YOUR' beautiful big bedroom has a woody, very characteristic atmosphere. The apartment is along a canal and just minutes walk from the city centre with the historic canals, museums, shops, restaurants, public transport and the Vondelpark. Such for restaurant Dapper and this is the location!  Ideal for a single or a couple or a small family. The night price is based on 1 or 2 adults. The price for the 3rd and 4th guests are valid for children between 2 and 15 years. Otherwise night price is 20 euro extra for extra adults.  Your room is located in the soutterain, a few steps down and to be reached bij 6 small stairs (attention for small children and disabled!) This is a place without breakfast! There is one big excellent bed (1.60 x 2.00 m) and  a good quality doublebed (1.40 x 2 meters) in the alcove.  Bathroom with big bathtub/shower and toilet. Free & Fast Wi-Fi Clean bedLinen, Sheets, towels (1 or 2) are included. Touristtax is included.  Coffee, tea and drinks and Typically Dutch S","'YOUR' beautiful big private b&b has a woody, characteristic atmosphere. My apartment lies along one of the most central and beautiful canals and a few minutes walk from the city centre with the historic canals, museums, shops, restaurants, public transport, Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and the Vondelpark. No smoking/no drugsuse inside the B&B and my house. Ideally for 1 or 2 adults; couples, retirees, cultural people, quiet guests or a small family, museum lovers, respectful and responsible guests. 'YOUR' beautiful big bedroom has a woody, very characteristic atmosphere. The apartment is along a canal and just minutes walk from the city centre with the historic canals, museums, shops, restaurants, public transport and the Vondelpark. Such for restaurant Dapper and this is the location!  Ideal for a single or a couple or a small family. The night price is based on 1 or 2 adults. The price for the 3rd and 4th guests are valid for children between 2 and 15 years. Otherwi","Situated in Old-West district, most lively area in Amsterdam. You can reach everything within walking distance like Vondelpark, Van Goghmuseum, National Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Leidsesquare, boattours, shoppingstreets 9 streets, De Hallen Foodcenter etc.","Trams either way less then 5 minutes walk. Tram to central train station takes 15 minutes. Canal boat tours within 10 minutes walk, centre of town 5 minutes walk as is Vondelpark and most musea (10 min.) Taxi can be arranged from the airport to my B&B for only 35 euro. Direct bus shuttle 397 from Schiphol airport to my B&B 45 minutes for only 5 euro per person.","Dear guests,welcome in my BnBroom,a wonderfull clean unique room located in the souterain, in front of a beautiful canal . Please No smoking inside my home. No drugs to bring/use inside my home. Just be respectfull of the neighbours, my home and yourselves. Children are welcome but i do not have special safety/beds/amenities/chairs for them, so you would have to bring yourselves. No children's discount. Beware of the stairs!  Respect houserules. Deposit 150 euro will be hold if houserules will not be respected (end of stay possible). Read amenities My BnB room is not suitable for partyfriends who stay up late and like to sleep in. Love to welcome cultural guests. I love you to treat everything with respect  Additional fees to be paid cash at check-in:  Check-in/ check out at Saturdays is 25 euro extra.  Early check out before 8AM: 10 euro  Late check in after 10PM: 10 euro Bookings for only 2 nights: 20 euro extra washing fee."
