,"Bed and breakfast Easynuhman: Newly renovated: Provide private room accomodation, including 2 rooms: private :bedroom, bathroom,toilet and private hallway lobby. A total space of 32 square meters with a height of 3.40 meters. In a save and clean environment. Build in 1890 This fine and spacious room with 3 large opening windows 270 cm high all around 4 cm thick perfectly insulated,with view on the P.C. Hoofdstraat the most exclusive shopping street in Amsterdam. Special high quality darkness curtains let in air and naturel sunlight whenever you like. Kingsize pocket spring thermo gel mattrass, contribute,s to a good night sleep. Good quality floor will provide a warm and luxury feeling. Large smart tv with chromecast and cabel tv Pleasant temperature in the rooms. Nice luxury bathroom with heating system will have a big window with a lace curtain and a glass shower. You will enter the rooms through the private lobby. There is a direkt busline from Schiphol Airport to the Easynuhman in ","Bed and breakfast Easynuhman: Newly renovated: Provide private room accomodation, including 2 rooms: private :bedroom, bathroom,toilet and private hallway lobby. A total space of 32 square meters with a height of 3.40 meters. In a save and clean environment. Build in 1890 This fine and spacious room with 3 large opening windows 270 cm high all around 4 cm thick perfectly insulated,with view on the P.C. Hoofdstraat the most exclusive shopping street in Amsterdam. Special high quality darkness curtains let in air and naturel sunlight whenever you like. Kingsize pocket spring thermo gel mattrass, contribute,s to a good night sleep. Good quality floor will provide a warm and luxury feeling. Large smart tv with chromecast and cabel tv Pleasant temperature in the rooms. Nice luxury bathroom with heating system will have a big window with a lace curtain and a glass shower. You will enter the rooms through the private lobby. There is a direkt busline from Schiphol Airport to the Easynuhman in ","Unique located in the Museumquarter of Amsterdam. Next to the 3 major Museums  Van Gogh , Stedelijk and Rijksmuseum, Vondelpark and 5 minutes from the Leidseplein one of the 2 main nightlife area,s.","DIRECTIONS TO THE EASYNUHMAN, There goes a bus from Schiphol Airport directly to the Museumplein. Bus 197, stand B11,  about 20 minutes drive. From the Museumplein it is a 5 minute walk the Easynuhman. You will get a map send with the exact location. Also there are taxi,s (TCA) from Schiphol Airport around 40 euro,s to the Easynuhman. Trams buses and a taxi stand are 5 minutes away. the whole of the city close in reach.","No specific houserules ,non smoking and no party,s"
