"Your room is situated in a groundfloor apartment, a quiet place with a beautifull view over the garden and waterfront. It is a 10 minutes walk to the Jordaan (Centre) and 20 minutes to the DAM square. Nearby you will find many little restaurants and terraces. This is still a quiet and peacefull neighbourhood near the centre and we like to keep it that way, so for the 'party animals' this is not the place.","A- Big room in a ground floor apartment with unique quiet terrace at the waterfront. During daytime you can make use of the garden terrace with  great view over the water. Also from your bedroom you have a nice view over the garden and water. Very quiet though at walking distance from the Jordaan, Anna Frank House and City Center.  - Bathroom and toilet are shared with owner. Towels are available. - You can make use of the kitchen for breakfast, equipped with, microwave, oven, coffee machine. You'll find your breakfast in the refrigerator and choose your time of preference for having breakfast (self service) before noon or 1200 o'clock. - In the bedroom you have flat screen color TV and WiFi.  - Easy access to public transport The apartment is located in the old-west part of the city, 25 minutes walking from Central Station, 2 minutes from tram stops. Tram 13 takes you in 10 minutes to Central Station. Tram 12 and 3 takes you in 5 minutes to the museum district.  - Supermarkets, restau","Your room is situated in a groundfloor apartment, a quiet place with a beautifull view over the garden and waterfront. It is a 10 minutes walk to the Jordaan (Centre) and 20 minutes to the DAM square. Nearby you will find many little restaurants and terraces. This is still a quiet and peacefull neighbourhood near the centre and we like to keep it that way, so for the 'party animals' this is not the place. A- Big room in a ground floor apartment with unique quiet terrace at the waterfront. During daytime you can make use of the garden terrace with  great view over the water. Also from your bedroom you have a nice view over the garden and water. Very quiet though at walking distance from the Jordaan, Anna Frank House and City Center.  - Bathroom and toilet are shared with owner. Towels are available. - You can make use of the kitchen for breakfast, equipped with, microwave, oven, coffee machine. You'll find your breakfast in the refrigerator and choose your time of preference for having ",We are neighbouring the unique quarter Jordaan (part of the Centre) for quiet walks. From cross de Clerquestraat/Bilderdijkstraat you can take tram 3 or 12 to the museum district. In 10 minutes you are there. Or 25 minutes walking.,From the airport you can take a Taxi to our apartment Oud West for not more then 40 Euros. From the house back to the airport we can arrange you a taxi for 35 Euros. The ride takes not more then 30 minutes. Another option is taking the train at the airport to Central Station Amsterdam (15 minutes) and then take tram 13 to the cross de Clerquestraat/Bilderdijkstraat. See the map we included earlier concerning the adress/direction,"- Avoid noises after 23h, for example: close the doors softly, take your shoes off when walking around. - The use of the washing machine is 5 euros"
