," Brand new Bed & Breakfast opened April 2013 in the historical center of Amsterdam.  Dutch artist Carla van Slooten, Proprietress of this B & B,  welcomes you in her super cozy Bed and Breakfast of Art in her historical canal house on the Amsterdam Canal “Korte Prinsengracht”.  On the ground floor of this listed monument the artists' studio and gallery is located. Just one floor up  you'll find the comfortable Bed & Breakfast of Art. The spacious room (45m2) is tastefully decorated by Carla van Slooten with her own art-works. This B&B  in the historical center of Amsterdam has an ultra comfortable over - king size Coco-mat bed, private bathroom, separate toilet, flat screen TV with cable tv connection, coffee & tea facilities, a fridge and wifi internet free of charge. Located just 10 minutes walk away from the central station, around the corner from the Haarlemmer straat, Brouwersgracht  and the famous picturesque  jordaan district this Bed & Breakfast of Art has all it takes for your"," Brand new Bed & Breakfast opened April 2013 in the historical center of Amsterdam.  Dutch artist Carla van Slooten, Proprietress of this B & B,  welcomes you in her super cozy Bed and Breakfast of Art in her historical canal house on the Amsterdam Canal “Korte Prinsengracht”.  On the ground floor of this listed monument the artists' studio and gallery is located. Just one floor up  you'll find the comfortable Bed & Breakfast of Art. The spacious room (45m2) is tastefully decorated by Carla van Slooten with her own art-works. This B&B  in the historical center of Amsterdam has an ultra comfortable over - king size Coco-mat bed, private bathroom, separate toilet, flat screen TV with cable tv connection, coffee & tea facilities, a fridge and wifi internet free of charge. Located just 10 minutes walk away from the central station, around the corner from the Haarlemmer straat, Brouwersgracht  and the famous picturesque  jordaan district this Bed & Breakfast of Art has all it takes for your",,,"The Terms and Conditions of the bed & breakfast  as agreed to by the owner of the bed & Breakfast (hereafter mentioned ""Bed & Breakfast of Art"" and the Client (together the ""parties"") are as follows;   Client's who do not apprehend permits the owner of the bed & breakfast  to refuse the key/door code, amend the charge or immediately terminate the occupancy. 1. Quotations - are subject to availability and are not guaranteed until receipt of the deposit (50% of the total rental sum), confirmed in writing. 2. Booking Requests - are subject to availability and confirmation in writing. 3. Usage - the premises are let to you for holiday purposes ONLY and only for the period stated on the receipt. NO weddings, parties, or large gatherings are allowed. The number of people occupying the premises must not exceed the number of people that were initially booked. 4. Check In/Check Out - premises are strictly available from 15.00h on the day of arrival and are to be vacated by 11.00h on the day of "
