"Bed in Mokum is situated in the very popular area of Amsterdam called Oud-West, close to Museumplein with museums and smart shopping streets, Leidseplein with theatres and cinemas as well as restaurants, the Jordaan quarter, the Vondelpark, and the so-called Negen Straatjes. In the immediate vicinity of Bed in Mokum there are many places to have breakfast or just a cup of coffee or a drink and there are many popular restaurants.","Bed in Mokum is situated in the very popular area of Amsterdam called Oud-West, close to Museumplein with museums and smart shopping streets, Leidseplein with theatres and cinemas as well as restaurants, the Jordaan quarter, the Vondelpark, and the so-called Negen Straatjes. In the immediate vicinity of Bed in Mokum there are many places to have breakfast or just a cup of coffee or a drink and there are many popular restaurants. Most of the sights and shops are within walking distance, but tramlines 1, 3, 7, 10 and 12 stop around the corner and 2 and 5 stop close by as well. You may take them to all the wonderful places to visit in Amsterdam, as well as to Central Station.  Bed in Mokum is situated in a beautiful home from 1904, in a wide but quiet street lined with many trees. You walk up two flights of stairs and have your own entrance to a modern, completely private, well-equipped and non-smoking studio of 25m2. From your own hallway you enter the bedroom with a 160x200cm boxspring ","Bed in Mokum is situated in the very popular area of Amsterdam called Oud-West, close to Museumplein with museums and smart shopping streets, Leidseplein with theatres and cinemas as well as restaurants, the Jordaan quarter, the Vondelpark, and the so-called Negen Straatjes. In the immediate vicinity of Bed in Mokum there are many places to have breakfast or just a cup of coffee or a drink and there are many popular restaurants. Bed in Mokum is situated in the very popular area of Amsterdam called Oud-West, close to Museumplein with museums and smart shopping streets, Leidseplein with theatres and cinemas as well as restaurants, the Jordaan quarter, the Vondelpark, and the so-called Negen Straatjes. In the immediate vicinity of Bed in Mokum there are many places to have breakfast or just a cup of coffee or a drink and there are many popular restaurants. Most of the sights and shops are within walking distance, but tramlines 1, 3, 7, 10 and 12 stop around the corner and 2 and 5 stop clo",,"By plane: From Schiphol Airport, take a taxi to Bosboom Toussaintstraat. This takes 20 minutes and costs around 20 euros with Uber. Alternatively, take a train to Amsterdam Lelylaan Station (get tickets at the station at the Airport) and from there take tram number 1 (get a ticket on the tram) in the direction of Muiderpoort. Get off at Constantijn Huijgensstraat/Overtoom; from here it is a five-minute walk to us. Cross at the traffic lights, walk into Eerste Constantijn Huijgensstraat (past Janus bedroom shop) and take the fourth street on your right: Bed in Mokum is in the middle of the second block on the right side of the street (7 euro's). Or take bus 397 to Central Station till Leidseplein and walk a few blocks from there (2,90 euro's). By car: Arriving at Amsterdam, take the A10 Ringweg and get off at exit S105. Follow Overtoom and take a left at Eerste Constantijn Huijgensstraat, then take the fourth street to the right: Bed in Mokum is in the middle of the second block on the ",Please think of the neighbours: you can smoke regular sigarettes on the balcony but please smoke stronger stuff elsewhere. And please be gentle on the stairs and with the doors - we live in an old building;-)
