"The perfect place if you want to stay in Amsterdam on a budget without giving up comfort! The apartment has a spacy living room, one bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen and large garden. Located in a vibrant neighborhood close to the city center.","The apartment has two rooms: one large living room with dining table, big and comfortable couch, tv, everything you need to relax and sit back. The second room is a bedroom with very comfy double bed (Kingsize), fauteuil and big doors with access to the garden.  There is also a bathroom with shower and a separate toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need: refrigerator, cooker, Nespresso (coffee) machine and everything you need to make a nice breakfast or diner.","The perfect place if you want to stay in Amsterdam on a budget without giving up comfort! The apartment has a spacy living room, one bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen and large garden. Located in a vibrant neighborhood close to the city center. The apartment has two rooms: one large living room with dining table, big and comfortable couch, tv, everything you need to relax and sit back. The second room is a bedroom with very comfy double bed (Kingsize), fauteuil and big doors with access to the garden.  There is also a bathroom with shower and a separate toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need: refrigerator, cooker, Nespresso (coffee) machine and everything you need to make a nice breakfast or diner. You will have access to the complete apartment.  I will not stay there, but I will have to visit daily to feed the cat. Or in consultation with you we can decide that you feed the cat, but off course this is not obliged. Off course I will try to be there to welcome yo","Think Amsterdam is expensive? Think twice! In this nice apartment (50 m2) you will have a nice base to discover the neighborhood as well as Amsterdam. The apartment is located in the eastern part of Amsterdam in the Indische buurt, which is the neighborhood where the apartment is located. This is an upcoming vibrant neighborhood. There are bars, coffee bars, plenty of restaurants, 2 large parks, a cinema and a nightclub at a walking distance. There is also a bike rental place around the corner.","At less than 5 minutes walking distance you can take the bus, tram and train which will take you to central station, Eurolines bus stop, Megabus and most importantly the city center. The latter trip will take you about 10 to 15 minutes. As almost everywhere in Amsterdam you will be quicker by bike. And a bike rental is just around the corner!","- No smoking in the apartment, but off course in the garden this is allowed. - No partys or sleep-overs - Please treat the house as your own home, with respect for the furniture and belongings, but also for the neighbors"
