"Romantic canal house transformed into chic loft A'dam Centrum in the Garden District.  60 SQM (600SQF) of comfort in quiet, convenient area.  Large windows and lots of light.  Modern kitchen and bath.  View on canal & the magical Tropen Museum","Historic canal house renovated as large open loft with modern kitchen and bath. The flat retains its character with original plank floors, high ceilings and large windows.  Possibly the most romantic flat in Amsterdam. Charming bay window to take in the views over the canal at breakfast.  Small balcony out back.   The bed is king size convertible Ligne Roset couch.  Super comfortable.  Full bath with large bathtub and  rain shower.     Luxury amenities include Bose speakers, large Samsung flatscreen TV, Apple TV.  The gourmet kitchen is kitted out with everything a gourmet cook or baker needs including gas stove, SMEG fridge/freezer convection oven and combo microwave.  The  flat is on the first floor, so  only one flight of stairs.   Use of 2 bikes included. Note: 4 nite min.","Romantic canal house transformed into chic loft A'dam Centrum in the Garden District.  60 SQM (600SQF) of comfort in quiet, convenient area.  Large windows and lots of light.  Modern kitchen and bath.  View on canal & the magical Tropen Museum Historic canal house renovated as large open loft with modern kitchen and bath. The flat retains its character with original plank floors, high ceilings and large windows.  Possibly the most romantic flat in Amsterdam. Charming bay window to take in the views over the canal at breakfast.  Small balcony out back.   The bed is king size convertible Ligne Roset couch.  Super comfortable.  Full bath with large bathtub and  rain shower.     Luxury amenities include Bose speakers, large Samsung flatscreen TV, Apple TV.  The gourmet kitchen is kitted out with everything a gourmet cook or baker needs including gas stove, SMEG fridge/freezer convection oven and combo microwave.  The  flat is on the first floor, so  only one flight of stairs.   Use of 2 bi","Plantage, 'The Garden District' is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in central Amsterdam.  Its in the center, however, it is calm and quiet and a good place to get away from the throngs of tourists.   Lots of restaurants nearby plus the sole remaining windmill in the city of Amsterdam is at the end of the road.  Its now micro brew pub, Brouwerij 'IJ.  Coolest spot for a drink in Amsterdam. Amsterdam's famous Dapper Market, outdoor food and sundries market, is a 5 minute walk.","Centrally located just 10 minutes cycling to Dam Square and Leidseplein.  Tram lines 10, 9 and 14 are one minute walk from the flat.   Easy access from Schiphol airport via train to Centraal Station.  Tram 9 from Centraal gets you there in 15 minutes.","No pets, smoking on the balcony only."
