"Your safe and luxury apartment has three bedrooms and combines authentic historic features with all modern necessities. You are in the nicest area in town with parks, water and public transport in close walking distance. Everything for a great stay.","Large Luxury 3 Bedroom Apartment located in one of the best neighbourhoods to stay in Amsterdam. Hereunder I will describe the 120 square meter (1,300 square feet) apartment. If you have any questions please send me a message and I will quickly respond to you. What makes the place unique is that you will have the full enjoyment of being right in the middle of the buzz of Amsterdam without the annoyance of staying in the tourist areas. For a guaranteed pleasurable stay in beautiful Amsterdam. Close to the famous museums (Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum), restaurants and historic center including the canals. Close to Airport, Train Station (World Trade Center), RAI Exhibition Centre, Trams and Buses. Safe neighbourhood with a 2 minute walk to good supermarket, and other cool little shops are less then 100 meters away. Only 15 minute walk to Vondelpark. Your place is a 5 minute walk to famous shopping street The Beethovenstraat which locates one of the few Starbucks in Amsterda","Your safe and luxury apartment has three bedrooms and combines authentic historic features with all modern necessities. You are in the nicest area in town with parks, water and public transport in close walking distance. Everything for a great stay. Large Luxury 3 Bedroom Apartment located in one of the best neighbourhoods to stay in Amsterdam. Hereunder I will describe the 120 square meter (1,300 square feet) apartment. If you have any questions please send me a message and I will quickly respond to you. What makes the place unique is that you will have the full enjoyment of being right in the middle of the buzz of Amsterdam without the annoyance of staying in the tourist areas. For a guaranteed pleasurable stay in beautiful Amsterdam. Close to the famous museums (Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum), restaurants and historic center including the canals. Close to Airport, Train Station (World Trade Center), RAI Exhibition Centre, Trams and Buses. Safe neighbourhood with a 2 min",You are simply staying in the nicest and safest area of Amsterdam. Some of the best shops and restaurants in town are in walking distance. Furthermore fast public transport connections to the centre and all the museums.,"Public transport in the form of trams, buses, metro and trains are all in close by walking distance. The airport is a 10 minute taxi ride.","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our property! We are sure that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Enjoy your stay! LATE CHECKIN: - If you wish to check-in to the apartment between 21:00 and 08:00, this is possible, but due to the late hour we charge an extra fee of 25 euro’s between 21:00 & 00:00 or 50 euro’s between 00:00 & 08:00. Please pay the extra fee (cash only) to your host when you arrive. Since it goes straight to the Host for the late hour (not to me). Hopefully you can make it before the late fee deadline, but this way, we can accommodate you even if you don't. Thank you for your understanding.  PLEASE NO: - Loud music, noise or other nuisance  - Smoking anywhere inside the building  - Drugs - House parties - Other guests (except for the persons who have booked) KEYS: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside "
