"Big beautiful decorated app just near the center of Amsterdam. Easily accessible by public transport, from the city center and from the airport.  Just near the great river Amstel. Beamer in the bedroom :) , watch a movie from your bed!","My large bedroom with a beamer makes it the ultimate relax house. The location, right next to the Amstel and right next to the major hot spot of Amsterdam at the moment.  (URL HIDDEN) In day time it's a perfect roof top terrace with a great view over the city.  In the evening it's a great restaurant with the same beautiful view In the night from around 23.00 it's is getting a club. And the best thing after clubbing is that you can walk to your house in 3 min :)","Big beautiful decorated app just near the center of Amsterdam. Easily accessible by public transport, from the city center and from the airport.  Just near the great river Amstel. Beamer in the bedroom :) , watch a movie from your bed! My large bedroom with a beamer makes it the ultimate relax house. The location, right next to the Amstel and right next to the major hot spot of Amsterdam at the moment.  (URL HIDDEN) In day time it's a perfect roof top terrace with a great view over the city.  In the evening it's a great restaurant with the same beautiful view In the night from around 23.00 it's is getting a club. And the best thing after clubbing is that you can walk to your house in 3 min :) everywhere As much as you like, I'm happy to provide with as much as information as you need. The Amstel, you can walk right to the city center enjoying the view of the main river of the city. It will take you about 15 min to reach the center by foot. But the walk to the city center is as beautifu","The Amstel, you can walk right to the city center enjoying the view of the main river of the city. It will take you about 15 min to reach the center by foot. But the walk to the city center is as beautiful as the center.  By bike it's 5 min.",The metro is 3 min walking. it brings you in 8 min to central station. 6 min to red light district.,Smoking is allowed.  Please don't smoke in the Bedroom.
