Brand new maisonnette apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. On the 3th and 4th floor this apartment offers the perfect getaway in the city. Parking spots in front of the apartment and public transport around the corner.,"The first floor has a open kitchen including a bar. The spacious living room has a perfect lounging area with flatscreen tv and dvd player. There is a big dining area with a dining table. Because of the large windows the appartement is always filled with sunlight and feels very calm and relaxing. The large balcony offers a nice place outside to relax in the afternoon sun. On the same floor you can find the bathroom, which has a big shower, toilet and sink. Up the stairs there is a big bedroom with a comfortable king size bed. Next to the entrance there is also a little separate storage room where you can find the washing machine","Brand new maisonnette apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. On the 3th and 4th floor this apartment offers the perfect getaway in the city. Parking spots in front of the apartment and public transport around the corner. The first floor has a open kitchen including a bar. The spacious living room has a perfect lounging area with flatscreen tv and dvd player. There is a big dining area with a dining table. Because of the large windows the appartement is always filled with sunlight and feels very calm and relaxing. The large balcony offers a nice place outside to relax in the afternoon sun. On the same floor you can find the bathroom, which has a big shower, toilet and sink. Up the stairs there is a big bedroom with a comfortable king size bed. Next to the entrance there is also a little separate storage room where you can find the washing machine As a guest you have access to Wi-Fi and digital television. At arrival there will be someone to hand you the key and show you around in the apa","The neighbourhood is lively and offers a lot of nice possibilities to enjoy your day. Like going to the Dapper market, Javastraat or the Veemkade.  Because the apartment is very close to the busy city centre, there are a lot of new and hip places to go see and enjoy. For example clubs like, Roest, Club Canvas and club Panama are just around the corner. You can also find some very good restaurants (Pompstation, Wilde Zwijnen, Happy Happy joy joy, BAUT) and busy (cocktail)bars (Brewerij t IJ, Biertuin, Henry's cocktailbar) just within a short walk. Perfect to end a busy day of sightseeing","Within not even 100m you can find several public transport possibilities that can take you to Leidseplein, Central Station, Albert Cuijp market, Heineken brewery and all the other hotspots of Amsterdam. The best and easiest way to explore the city. Just in front there are a few parkingspots",The apartment is in a nice neighboorhood so please behave accordingly.  Smoking is NOT allowed anywhere in the apartment. There is a big balcony where you can smoke. For smoking indoor full deposit will be charged for cleaning.  Sorry but no pets
