"Enjoy your evening on the waterside. In Amsterdam West, we offer a spacious room which hosts 2 or 3 people. The room is fully equipped with a double bed and a kitchenette. Easy to reach by public transport, 15 minutes from the centre.","Your own floor in 3-story house. Suits a single, a couple or a maximum of 3 people.  One double bed, and one camping bed available. The camping bed is the foldable type so a bit smaller and lighter built than a fixed bed, so it might not be comfortable for particularly tall or big people. The main room is spacious (50m2) with a small separate room (10m2), and has a view to the canal. You can step outside and enjoy your breakfast on the water. The room is equipped with a small private kitchenette with water cooker, coffee machine and microwave. Fine for breakfast and maybe lunch, not us much for diner as there is no stove.  Bathroom and toilet are shared with the hosts.  Private at water level: simple kitchen with water boiler,  coffee machine and microwave. Refrigerator with freezer. Own outside access.  Street level: shared toilet Top floor: bathroom with shower, jacuzzi and toilet shared with the family.   Use of washing machine possible on request","Enjoy your evening on the waterside. In Amsterdam West, we offer a spacious room which hosts 2 or 3 people. The room is fully equipped with a double bed and a kitchenette. Easy to reach by public transport, 15 minutes from the centre. Your own floor in 3-story house. Suits a single, a couple or a maximum of 3 people.  One double bed, and one camping bed available. The camping bed is the foldable type so a bit smaller and lighter built than a fixed bed, so it might not be comfortable for particularly tall or big people. The main room is spacious (50m2) with a small separate room (10m2), and has a view to the canal. You can step outside and enjoy your breakfast on the water. The room is equipped with a small private kitchenette with water cooker, coffee machine and microwave. Fine for breakfast and maybe lunch, not us much for diner as there is no stove.  Bathroom and toilet are shared with the hosts.  Private at water level: simple kitchen with water boiler,  coffee machine and microwav","We live in a quiet residential area. Shops like a supermarket, grocery shops and a few bars and restaurants at 10 minutes walking. The real action is downtown though. 2 nice parks to hang out and bbq. Personally I like the park (Sloterpark) nearby, where you can rent a boat, sailingboat or sit by the restaurant and drink a cup of coffee.","The house is situated in Amsterdam West, near subway and tram station Jan van Galenstraat. Easy to find your way to the city center, Leidseplein and Dam Square. Also easy to reach from Schiphol airport or Amsterdam Central Station. If you come by car you can park in front of our house, it’s a dead end street so very quiet.  Park, basketball and football field nearby. By car: easy to find, only 500m from the main ring road. There is free parking space in the street, but a blue zone so only 2 hours. Free parking starts 1km further. Better by public transport: 100m from tram and metro stop. Tram takes you to the Dam square and central station in 15 minutes. Metro and train to airport about 30 minutes. Or even better: cycle to Vondelpark or canals in 15 minutes. Or better still, come by boat ;)","We are a family, so evenings are not too loud and we coordinate the morning shower times. Our cat is friendly but walks all around the house, so hope you are not allergic!"
