"Situated in the middle of one of the liveliest neighborhoods in the Amsterdam, our apartment offers an oasis of tranquility. One of the two floors is made into a big living room with an abundance of daylight. There's a lovely citypark at 50 meters. We enjoy living here a lot!","This apartment (120m2) has everything you need to make it your home, away from home.  Our apartment is at the 3rd and 4th floor and has typical Dutch steep stairs. It has a comfy, very large living room (60m2) with sitting and dining area. At the rear of the apartment, at both floors, you will find a south facing balcony with views over the neighbouring gardens. It is a beautiful, sunny house in 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam within easy walking distance of all public transport.  It's perfect for a family who want to experience Amsterdam living at it’s best. (There are toys enough for kids) It’s vivid quarter with plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping opportunities.  From the daily Albert Cuijp market to the sophisticated P.C. Hooftstraat, van Baerlestraat and Beethovenstraat with the big brands. It is a 10 minute walk to the museumquarter where you can visit the Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum. At the end of the street, within 50 metres, there is the lovely Sarphati","This apartment (120m2) has everything you need to make it your home, away from home.  Our apartment is at the 3rd and 4th floor and has typical Dutch steep stairs. It has a comfy, very large living room (60m2) with sitting and dining area. At the rear of the apartment, at both floors, you will find a south facing balcony with views over the neighbouring gardens. It is a beautiful, sunny house in 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam within easy walking distance of all public transport.  It's perfect for a family who want to experience Amsterdam living at it’s best. (There are toys enough for kids) It’s vivid quarter with plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping opportunities.  From the daily Albert Cuijp market to the sophisticated P.C. Hooftstraat, van Baerlestraat and Beethovenstraat with the big brands. It is a 10 minute walk to the museumquarter where you can visit the Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum. At the end of the street, within 50 metres, there is the lovely Sarphati","It is near to the museums, close to the famous daily market Albert Cuyp, enough little bars and nice places to eat! The best part of the city!",Take tram 16/24 from Central Station to our place. The tram crosses the heart of Amsterdam.,It is a non smoking apartment
