,"Very spacious lovely family apartment with garden in Amsterdam East, close to the center of the city! Kids are welcome!  Welcome to a nice and quiet apartment in lovely and upcoming East part! Conveniently located right next to Amsterdam's most international en highly recommended market (Lonely Planet): Dappermarkt and the beautiful neighbourhood of the Plantage with its stately houses and scenic parks, 15 minutes walk to the city center. We are only steps away from Artis, the zoo, the Waterloo-square, the Portugese Synagoge. The apartment is spacious and quiet and looks out onto a small garden on the south (sunny all day!!). The apartment is modern furnished with a big dining table. The kitchen has everything: utensils, a stove,a oven/microwave and a big fridge.  Upstairs we have a so called entresol. This is the place where our children play. This is also where one children bedroom is located with a loft bed (1,80 x 80) and a separate toilet next to the room. On the second floor ther","Very spacious lovely family apartment with garden in Amsterdam East, close to the center of the city! Kids are welcome!  Welcome to a nice and quiet apartment in lovely and upcoming East part! Conveniently located right next to Amsterdam's most international en highly recommended market (Lonely Planet): Dappermarkt and the beautiful neighbourhood of the Plantage with its stately houses and scenic parks, 15 minutes walk to the city center. We are only steps away from Artis, the zoo, the Waterloo-square, the Portugese Synagoge. The apartment is spacious and quiet and looks out onto a small garden on the south (sunny all day!!). The apartment is modern furnished with a big dining table. The kitchen has everything: utensils, a stove,a oven/microwave and a big fridge.  Upstairs we have a so called entresol. This is the place where our children play. This is also where one children bedroom is located with a loft bed (1,80 x 80) and a separate toilet next to the room. On the second floor ther",,,It is nog allowed to smoke at our house or in the garden.
