"Spacious town house located on Eastern Dock Islands (Borneo Island), with Central Station and city centre only 10 min. away. Shopping centre with supermarket, café's, bars and restaurants  10 minutes walking distance. House is located in a beautiful area with some spectacular architectural highlights. Free parking available. ","The house is spacious and filled with light. Master bedroom  and bathroom are on the first floor. Master bedrom has a double bed. On the ground floor there is a second bedroom with a double bed and a private toilet. The whole top floor is living room with open kitchen and a terrace. Living room extends into the terrace that has sun all day long. At the end of the street, just 20 m from the house, there is a waterfront with a small wooden pier where you can enjoy the sun or a morning coffee.","Spacious town house located on Eastern Dock Islands (Borneo Island), with Central Station and city centre only 10 min. away. Shopping centre with supermarket, café's, bars and restaurants  10 minutes walking distance. House is located in a beautiful area with some spectacular architectural highlights. Free parking available. The house is spacious and filled with light. Master bedroom  and bathroom are on the first floor. Master bedrom has a double bed. On the ground floor there is a second bedroom with a double bed and a private toilet. The whole top floor is living room with open kitchen and a terrace. Living room extends into the terrace that has sun all day long. At the end of the street, just 20 m from the house, there is a waterfront with a small wooden pier where you can enjoy the sun or a morning coffee. The guests have the whole house to them selves. If garage is needed, the key will be provided. Please let us know in advance if you want to use the garage. The street is situate","The street is situated on one of the Eastern Dock Islands, Borneo Island, and is famous for its architecture. The neighbourhood, Java, KNSM, Sporenburg and Borneo island, are known for its architectural highlights. From our balcony you are looking at the famous house with a tree in it. Just 100m away there is a big pier where you can enjoy the sun and swimming in the summer. Enjoy the beer in the local brewery located in an old mill 5min away, have a great extravagant lunch at the Harbour Club around the corner, or just take the bike and bike 10min to the city centre if you miss the buzz.",Private parking on the ground floor within the house. If you are flying: Take the train from Schiphol airport to Amsterdam Central Station. From Central Station bus nr. 48 will bring you straight to our street (last stop). The whole trip will take you 30 minutes.,No smoking.
