"This spacious loft is unique in Amsterdam Centrum! It has very high ceilings (4.5 mts) and a very large living room. The Jordaan (cosiest neighbourhood) is around the corner. 15 min walk from Central train station and 5 min from the Anne Frank house. Although it's in the centre, it is quiet and peaceful so you can relax during your stay. The apartment is situated on the second floor. There is a elevator! There is a large balcony with a beautiful and romantic view on the Prinsengracht canal.","Where most houses in Amsterdam are small, low and narrow, this spacious loft is quite bit with 180+ m2. With a living room of more than 100 meters and 4.5 meter high ceilings imagine yourself in a metropolis like New York. The loft is accessible by an elevator which opens into the living room. At the back there are 3 bedrooms overlooking the beautiful Prinsen and Realen Island.  Besides the master bedroom we have 2 other nice bedrooms. Also perfect for kids with all facilities needed. We have a extra crib for a baby or young child. The living room has an open kitchen with island and large American fridge, spacious lounge, large dining table, windows with sliding doors and a piano. There is a large sitting area with TV for ultimate relaxing after a long day in Amsterdam. There are 2 bathrooms. The main bathroom has a separate shower and bath. The house is also suitable for a family with young children. Furthermore, the lively Haarlemmerstraat and Jordaan are at walking distance. There i","This spacious loft is unique in Amsterdam Centrum! It has very high ceilings (4.5 mts) and a very large living room. The Jordaan (cosiest neighbourhood) is around the corner. 15 min walk from Central train station and 5 min from the Anne Frank house. Although it's in the centre, it is quiet and peaceful so you can relax during your stay. The apartment is situated on the second floor. There is a elevator! There is a large balcony with a beautiful and romantic view on the Prinsengracht canal. Where most houses in Amsterdam are small, low and narrow, this spacious loft is quite bit with 180+ m2. With a living room of more than 100 meters and 4.5 meter high ceilings imagine yourself in a metropolis like New York. The loft is accessible by an elevator which opens into the living room. At the back there are 3 bedrooms overlooking the beautiful Prinsen and Realen Island.  Besides the master bedroom we have 2 other nice bedrooms. Also perfect for kids with all facilities needed. We have a extr","The Haarlemmerplein area is very nice because it is next to the famous Jordaan area. The main street Haarlemmerdijk has a lot of very nice shops and lies parallel to the lovely Brouwersgracht canal. Our street is very quite though! There are 2 outdoor markets on saturdays and mondays. Noordermarkt is a biological market all day saturday. It’s only 5 minutes walk. Great shopping, food, galleries, 2nd hand clothes, restaurants and cafes. Anne Frank Huis is a 5 minute walk, the Dam and Central train station are 15 minute walk, Westerpark is behind the house and there are a lot of nice events and restaurants. Also there are a lot of things to do with kids.","Public transport is around the corner. Busses leave from the Haarlemmerplein every 15 minutes to Central Station which is a 7 minutes drive. Tram 3 which starts in front of the house brings you straight to the Museum square where you can find the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and the Concertgebouw.","No smoking, no pets & no (loud) music after 10 pm."
