"A Relaxed stay in a comfort homestay studio Close to City Center (2 KM Jordaan area,. 3 KM to Dam square / Central station, Museum square etc.  Around your corner you find coffee and breakfast/ lunch foodbars /supermarkets, restaurants, shops, cafe's, playground, public transport, coffee shops.  You are staying at the popular BOLO  area near cultural park '' Westerpark''With one king bed (separate covers) 1 bunk bed. max. 4 sleeps.","Lovely studio ground floor (no stairs). With one king bed (separate covers) 1 bunk bed. max. 4 sleeps. The spacious shower is separate from the toilet. There is a kitchenette with coffee and tea making / breakfast facilities.  Wifi , Coffee and tea are free. From the common hall you take the left door to enter the practical and vintage orientated studio. The room is decorated with art made by the owner.","A Relaxed stay in a comfort homestay studio Close to City Center (2 KM Jordaan area,. 3 KM to Dam square / Central station, Museum square etc.  Around your corner you find coffee and breakfast/ lunch foodbars /supermarkets, restaurants, shops, cafe's, playground, public transport, coffee shops.  You are staying at the popular BOLO  area near cultural park '' Westerpark''With one king bed (separate covers) 1 bunk bed. max. 4 sleeps. Lovely studio ground floor (no stairs). With one king bed (separate covers) 1 bunk bed. max. 4 sleeps. The spacious shower is separate from the toilet. There is a kitchenette with coffee and tea making / breakfast facilities.  Wifi , Coffee and tea are free. From the common hall you take the left door to enter the practical and vintage orientated studio. The room is decorated with art made by the owner. Kitchen -Bathroom- groundfloor-balcony-streetview Suggestions during your stay are welcome, we will meet in person soon hopefully On the edge of the west cen","On the edge of the west center. Located in a residential but lively and popular part of the city near the city centre a 5 to 10 minutes ride, the Famous Westergas Factory area  5 minutes walk.  There are a number of coffee shops , nice pubs, bakeries and a supermarket 1 minute walk.,","Just a minute walk  you find everything you need like public transport, shops and restaurants and a parking lodge  for 1 euro per hour.","Please Respect my home.. Smoking on the patio  please. No party's inside. Please Put your garbage in the street containers, possible 24x7 hrs. Leave the apartment as you found it, many thanks!"
