"Lovely spacious B&B with bathroom and Kitchenette. Quiet & Clean 5*star ranking, in 'most wanted' area De Pijp, South Centre. Two blocks east from Museum Quarter with popular breakfast & brunch restaurant + excellent coffee bars just across the street. (+ 2year Airbnb SuperHost status)","**Note this is a by the city council licensed Bed & Breakfast, and feels like your own private studio**   You hold the keys to the door of our guest rooms on the first floor. We live in the rooms one floor up. So you are a guest in our house/building, but the 58 m2 (624 square feet) rooms are completely private and with all facilities mentioned on these pages.  Perfect for couples (we hosted quite a few honeymooners!) But also couples with 1 or 2 kids, or 2 couples. Ideal to spend your midweeks or long weekends. ** We got 5 star reviews 94% of the time!! (On average, hosts near us get 5 stars 69% of the time). - Airbnb ”SUPER-HOST"" status for more then 2(!) years now, yes we are committed ;-) - super experienced! over 170 bookings.   - EASY ACCES from airport by direct bus line or our specialised cab service  - easy acces from central station: in about 12 minutes by tram. - qualified ‘Business Travel Ready” by Airbnb. - we use HOTEL QUALITY towels & linen (high quality and super white)","Lovely spacious B&B with bathroom and Kitchenette. Quiet & Clean 5*star ranking, in 'most wanted' area De Pijp, South Centre. Two blocks east from Museum Quarter with popular breakfast & brunch restaurant + excellent coffee bars just across the street. (+ 2year Airbnb SuperHost status) **Note this is a by the city council licensed Bed & Breakfast, and feels like your own private studio**   You hold the keys to the door of our guest rooms on the first floor. We live in the rooms one floor up. So you are a guest in our house/building, but the 58 m2 (624 square feet) rooms are completely private and with all facilities mentioned on these pages.  Perfect for couples (we hosted quite a few honeymooners!) But also couples with 1 or 2 kids, or 2 couples. Ideal to spend your midweeks or long weekends. ** We got 5 star reviews 94% of the time!! (On average, hosts near us get 5 stars 69% of the time). - Airbnb ”SUPER-HOST"" status for more then 2(!) years now, yes we are committed ;-) - super exp","Note: once we conclude the booking i will send you our BOOKLET with all my recommendations on fav restaurants and stores in this area.  The DE PIJP area:  This property is located in the south centre of Amsterdam. On the Eerste Jacob Van Campenstraat which is the most northern street of the lively and popular area called De Pijp. One of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Often referred to as the 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam. De Pijp is brimming with great cafés, restaurants and bars. This is where the LOCALS go. The popular Albert Cuyp Market and Sarphatipark are just a couple of blocks down south. It is a 10 to 15 minutes stroll to Rembrandtplein, Leidseplein, Vondelpark or Dam Square. Our street connects the luxureous P.C Hooftstraat area (think Cartier, Chanel, Louis Vuitton) and Museum Square (RijksMuseum, Van Gogh Museum) with Heineken plein (Heineken Square) and its antique brewery which is now the museum. In summertime this sun drenched square is the plac","This area is considered Centre (south Centre) so most of our guest walk or cycle everywhere :-)  In about 20 minutes you WALK to central station and the oldest part of town. TRAMS #16 and #24 run past the corner of our street and take you TO CENTRAL STATION IN ABOUT 12 MINUTES. Rent your BICYCLES across the street, regular ones, so you blend in with the locals. We are happy to help you out with reservations. On request we will connect you to our LOWEST RATE TAXI SERVICE to and from Schiphol airport for 30 euros each direction fixed fee (compared to the 45 euros or more by the meter). Usually under 20 minutes in normal traffic. Just recently Uber got a permit for Schiphol and offers interesting fees at times. From the airport you can also take the SHUTTLE BUS which stops two blocks west at the museum square. very convenient and only 5 euros per person:  The Amsterdam Airport Express provides a quick and easy transfer from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the city centre of Amsterdam. Depar","Please read the following carefully as you are agreeing to them when completing the booking. Thank you.  Booking rules: This B&B apartment is ONLY SUITABLE for 1 or 2 couples. or 1 couple with kids. Meaning: - you are not a group of 4 men, or 4 woman - your minimum age is 25 (except if you are travelling with parents) - your profile is completed with government ID and a recognisable photo. In attempt to keep the house as it  is we have set up some house rules. We are sure you understand:   - quiet time after 10pm. - respect your neighbours, also when entering or leaving the house. keep in mind houses in Amsterdam may be more sound sensitive then you are used to.  - you not allowed to invite guests to stay overnight without our permission. An additional fee will be applicable. - when you spill water or any liquid on floor, please wipe immediately (we love our oak floor). - if you unfortunately damage or lose something, just let us know. We are insured and so are you via Airbnb. It safes"
