"Directly at the Vondelpark. Rijks, Stedelijk and Van Gogh museum, Concert building and shopping area's in trendy Old-South district. I you would like to book a bed and breakfast stay, a €15 per person per breakfast is applicable.","Contemporary and with the comfort and privacy of your own home, that is Suite Keijser-I. The light and spacious apartment measuring around 80m2 is situated in a historical building at Willemsparkweg in the south part of Amsterdam. Very close to the Rijks museum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk museum, the Vondelpark and Concert Building. Trendy shopping streets like PC Hooftstraat and Cornelis Schuytstraat are just a short walk away. Suite Keijser is the ideal accommodation both for business and leisure. The interior decoration has the owner's personal touch to it and due to the use of natural materials, Suite Keijser has a warm and cozy atmosphere. The suite is situated on the first floor and consists of a living room equipped with a flat screen tv, dvd and cd player and unlimited wireless internet use. The library master bedroom overlooks the garden and gives access to the private balcony. In the beautiful bathroom with bath, shower and toilet, luxurious bathrobes are waiting for you. ","Directly at the Vondelpark. Rijks, Stedelijk and Van Gogh museum, Concert building and shopping area's in trendy Old-South district. I you would like to book a bed and breakfast stay, a €15 per person per breakfast is applicable. Contemporary and with the comfort and privacy of your own home, that is Suite Keijser-I. The light and spacious apartment measuring around 80m2 is situated in a historical building at Willemsparkweg in the south part of Amsterdam. Very close to the Rijks museum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk museum, the Vondelpark and Concert Building. Trendy shopping streets like PC Hooftstraat and Cornelis Schuytstraat are just a short walk away. Suite Keijser is the ideal accommodation both for business and leisure. The interior decoration has the owner's personal touch to it and due to the use of natural materials, Suite Keijser has a warm and cozy atmosphere. The suite is situated on the first floor and consists of a living room equipped with a flat screen tv, dvd and cd ","Fantastic neighborhood direct at the Vondelpark with lots of cosy streets, shops, restaurants, museums and the Concert Hall at walking distance.",Tram 2 brings you all the way from Amsterdam Central Station to the apartment in aprox 20 min.; get off at Cornelis Schuytstraat/Willemsparkweg. From there you walk in 2 min. to Suite Keijser. From Schiphol-airport bus 197 brings you in aprox 30 min. to the stop: Concert Hall at Lairessestraat. From there you walk in 10 min. to Suite Keijser.,"No smoking, no pets  and no party's in Suite Keijser-I. Thank you."
