"A beautifull stylish room in a nice neigbourhood with all facility's, parks nearby, healthy food restaurants en easy to reach down town; 10 minutes by bike, 20 by public transport.","Winter in Amsterdam! A lovely city to visit for a long weekend. There's so many culture, festivals happening in the city. Feel the sparkel and energy of Amsterdam! I live for many years in the city and love to tell you about the good spots to visit. I live with my 2 little children in a big appartment. The room: I offer a clean, big modern room with double bed (180-200), seperate comfortable matras. Possible to have an extra bed in the room.  Free coffee & tea in the room, cookies and chips. There is a little fridge in the room. Free WIFI  We share a big bathroom, it has a bath and  big size shower.  Seperate toilet Hairdryer Towels and nice fresh sheets No breakfast  The neighborhood: My house is located near the center, close to Westerpark and Jordaan,Wester church Dam square and a good connection to the red light district, the museum area. There are many shops and supermarkets, open untill 22h. There's a nice Bagelstore across the street. Also many other good places i can recommend ","A beautifull stylish room in a nice neigbourhood with all facility's, parks nearby, healthy food restaurants en easy to reach down town; 10 minutes by bike, 20 by public transport. Winter in Amsterdam! A lovely city to visit for a long weekend. There's so many culture, festivals happening in the city. Feel the sparkel and energy of Amsterdam! I live for many years in the city and love to tell you about the good spots to visit. I live with my 2 little children in a big appartment. The room: I offer a clean, big modern room with double bed (180-200), seperate comfortable matras. Possible to have an extra bed in the room.  Free coffee & tea in the room, cookies and chips. There is a little fridge in the room. Free WIFI  We share a big bathroom, it has a bath and  big size shower.  Seperate toilet Hairdryer Towels and nice fresh sheets No breakfast  The neighborhood: My house is located near the center, close to Westerpark and Jordaan,Wester church Dam square and a good connection to the r","Bolo is an upcoming neighbourhood in the city. It is a great area to live. There are many good places to eat; thai, organic, bagels, sushi, turkish, marrocan cuisine... Also a good tip for real foodies is to visit """"The Foodhallen"" it is in the Kinkerstraat (tram 7) a great food experience!!","To come to my house from the airport, Schiphol: When you arrive at schiphol, you take the train to Station Sloterdijk. There take the bus 15 to my house. You get off at Bos & Lommerplein. Than you cross the street with the square to your back. You have to be on the right side of the street. Beside a fysiotherapy practice (green light). The adress is Hoofdweg 909 T: (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)  The trainticket will cost you €3,20 If you buy a 24 hour bus - metro- tram ticket it cost €7,50 one way cost 2,40 each time!! I recommend the 24 hours ticket because you can also use it the next day... If you want to see a lot of attractions in the city, think of buying an iamsterdamcard. (check (Website hidden by Airbnb) It gives discounts to attractions and free public transport in the city. To come to my house from Central Station Amsterdam: Optie 1:  Take bus 21 to “Geuzenveld”, get out at “Bos & Lommerplein”. Time: 23 min. Optie 2: Go by train to station Sloterdijk, take bus 15, get out ","We have a family live, please respect this! We will respect your nightrest, also in the morning;-) , too I dont allow smoking in my house. Also no drugs! I am very strong about this! If you have any problems, please talk to me, we will work things out!"
