"Bright, spacious apartment, facing one of Amsterdam's hidden canals. Ideally located in a non- touristic area, but still close to the main highlights. Just around the corner are some nice terraces, coffee places, pubs and public transport connection","My apartment is fully equipped with Wi-Fi highspeed internet, a wireless audio system, dishwasher, cappuccino maker, digital TV, toaster, as well as all the kitchen equipment you need. The balcony is ideal to enjoy your breakfast on a sunny day. The bedroom is situated at the backside of my house, facing a spacious and quiet patio.","Bright, spacious apartment, facing one of Amsterdam's hidden canals. Ideally located in a non- touristic area, but still close to the main highlights. Just around the corner are some nice terraces, coffee places, pubs and public transport connection My apartment is fully equipped with Wi-Fi highspeed internet, a wireless audio system, dishwasher, cappuccino maker, digital TV, toaster, as well as all the kitchen equipment you need. The balcony is ideal to enjoy your breakfast on a sunny day. The bedroom is situated at the backside of my house, facing a spacious and quiet patio. The neighbourhood is lively and friendly, with a supermarket just around the corner, as well as some restaurants, terraces and nice coffee places. There's also a park very nearby, where you can have a picknick on a sunny day or do a morning run. The city centre is within walking distance (20 minutes), or you can just take the tram (10 minutes) or rent a bike. I can provide you with some tips upon arrival. Especia","The neighbourhood is lively and friendly, with a supermarket just around the corner, as well as some restaurants, terraces and nice coffee places. There's also a park very nearby, where you can have a picknick on a sunny day or do a morning run.","The city centre is within walking distance (20 minutes), or you can just take the tram (10 minutes) or rent a bike. I can provide you with some tips upon arrival.","As I only have 1 bedroom with 1 bed, this apartment is especially suitable for couples. It's not allowed to sleep on the couch."
