"Very quiet and bright fully furnished 1-BR apartment in Amsterdam-West, very close to park, shops and public transport connections. Residential area, 15 minutes to city center by public transport or bicycle. Upcoming, trendy neighbourhood. The apartment is on the 3rd floor and has a narrow and steep staircase. So, not suitable for elderly and handicapped people.","Bright apartment in centre-west of Amsterdam.  Residential area. Fully furnished. Apartment is 100% at your disposal! On top (third) floor, so very quiet. The apartment is located on a dead-end street. No traffic noise. Excellent accessibility from main roads, from airport and city centre. 15 minutes to city centre (bicycle/tram/bus/night bus) 15 minutes to Leidseplein 15 minutes to Van Gogh Museum 2 minutes to supermarkets (7 days/week) 2 minutes to several public transport means 2 minutes to bike hire 2 minutes to lovely park ADVICE: Airbnb calendar is accurate. If it indicates available, the apartment is indeed available.","Very quiet and bright fully furnished 1-BR apartment in Amsterdam-West, very close to park, shops and public transport connections. Residential area, 15 minutes to city center by public transport or bicycle. Upcoming, trendy neighbourhood. The apartment is on the 3rd floor and has a narrow and steep staircase. So, not suitable for elderly and handicapped people. Bright apartment in centre-west of Amsterdam.  Residential area. Fully furnished. Apartment is 100% at your disposal! On top (third) floor, so very quiet. The apartment is located on a dead-end street. No traffic noise. Excellent accessibility from main roads, from airport and city centre. 15 minutes to city centre (bicycle/tram/bus/night bus) 15 minutes to Leidseplein 15 minutes to Van Gogh Museum 2 minutes to supermarkets (7 days/week) 2 minutes to several public transport means 2 minutes to bike hire 2 minutes to lovely park ADVICE: Airbnb calendar is accurate. If it indicates available, the apartment is indeed available. Fu",Residential and very quiet area in an upcoming neighbourhood.  One park is on the other side of the dead-end street. Shops and restaurants are just around the corner. ,"Excellent connection to tram, bus and train. Train station is reachable just one stop with the bus.","This is a residential area and people love the tranquillity of this part of town. We appreciate when you respect this, mainly by being quiet between 11pm and 7am.  These romantic apartments from the 1930s have wooden floors. It is therefore requested that you take off your shoes in the evenings and nights, just to respect the neighbours' privacy."
