.,"Come and enjoy Amsterdam in our 1 bedroom apartment (60m - +/- 600ft) in the west of Amsterdam, near to the Jordaan. Beautifully furnished throughout with 1 double bedroom with a brand new & comfy bed (160 x 200), which has access to the balcony where you can enjoy your breakfast. The modern kitchen also has direct access to the balcony and includes everything you'll need during your stay. The large living room/dining room has a comfy L shaped couch, dining table, flat screen tv, stereo (bring your mp3 player). The new renovated bathroom contains a bath which is quite unusual for Amsterdam. Bos en Lommer is situated to the west of Amsterdam, it's a trendy and upcoming area with a multicultural atmosphere. We are within minutes of the Westerpark where you will find several bars, restaurants and a cool indie cinema. Additionally there is a supermarket (open until 2200), a newsagents, various take away options (Indian, sushi, Surinamese, Indonesian, french fries), restaurants and bars all",". Come and enjoy Amsterdam in our 1 bedroom apartment (60m - +/- 600ft) in the west of Amsterdam, near to the Jordaan. Beautifully furnished throughout with 1 double bedroom with a brand new & comfy bed (160 x 200), which has access to the balcony where you can enjoy your breakfast. The modern kitchen also has direct access to the balcony and includes everything you'll need during your stay. The large living room/dining room has a comfy L shaped couch, dining table, flat screen tv, stereo (bring your mp3 player). The new renovated bathroom contains a bath which is quite unusual for Amsterdam. Bos en Lommer is situated to the west of Amsterdam, it's a trendy and upcoming area with a multicultural atmosphere. We are within minutes of the Westerpark where you will find several bars, restaurants and a cool indie cinema. Additionally there is a supermarket (open until 2200), a newsagents, various take away options (Indian, sushi, Surinamese, Indonesian, french fries), restaurants and bars a",,,"No smoking inside, but there is a lovely balcony."
