Light & bright modern home with roof terrace in upcoming Amsterdam West to rent. ideal for travellers who want to come home to a quiet oasis after long days in the city. Longterm guests 1 - 6mm prefered.,"The apartment is a very bright and quiet oasis in a house from the 1930’s, fully renovated in 2011. It’s on the top floor of a 4-story residential building. The staircases are suprisingly wide for Amsterdam conditions (no lift). The highlight is certainly the spacious roof terrace of 40sqm with sun all day long - if it's shining - with a lot of privacy. Simply ‘Malve’s Himmelreich’.  The appartment is decorated with light, natural colours and a charming mix of antiques and modern design, giving it a serene and cozy atmosphere. There is a lovely bedroom of 18sqm, accomodating 1 to 2 people. On a sunny day you wake up with the morning sun which guarantees a smile on your face. The room is very bright and newly decorated with light colours. The room is furnished with a double bed and a clothes rack. There is also a 2nd, smaller bedroom, facing the quiet backyard. If you need any suggestions on what to do, I am more than happy to give you recommendations for shopping streets, restaurants, ","Light & bright modern home with roof terrace in upcoming Amsterdam West to rent. ideal for travellers who want to come home to a quiet oasis after long days in the city. Longterm guests 1 - 6mm prefered. The apartment is a very bright and quiet oasis in a house from the 1930’s, fully renovated in 2011. It’s on the top floor of a 4-story residential building. The staircases are suprisingly wide for Amsterdam conditions (no lift). The highlight is certainly the spacious roof terrace of 40sqm with sun all day long - if it's shining - with a lot of privacy. Simply ‘Malve’s Himmelreich’.  The appartment is decorated with light, natural colours and a charming mix of antiques and modern design, giving it a serene and cozy atmosphere. There is a lovely bedroom of 18sqm, accomodating 1 to 2 people. On a sunny day you wake up with the morning sun which guarantees a smile on your face. The room is very bright and newly decorated with light colours. The room is furnished with a double bed and a cl","Very centrally located, in the booming ‘de Baarsjes’ of Amsterdam with many bars, restaurants, de Filmhallen and a daily local market close by.","Good walking and cycling possibilities to all major sites of interests. Heart of the center/Jordaan is just 15-20 minutes by foot and 10 minutes by bicycle. A well connected tram-stop is 1 minute from the apartment (bus 18, tram 7, 12, 13 and 14).  Central station just 15 minutes by bus/tram (tram 13)!  Station Sloterdijk even closer by (tram 12)","All travelers who respect the serene atmosphere of the apartment are very much welcome to stay at Malve's Himmelsreich! Thanks for considering the following: no smoking, no drugs, no partying | no outside visitors allowed in the property (short stay guests only) |  please don't waste valuable energy, turning the radiator off etc"
