"Nice and comfortable appartement for youg families or couples. The area is filled with bars, restaurants, boutique shops, but doesn't have the tourist masses. So it has a very local feel. There's a small city beach, with an excellent bar ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) within 2 minutes from our house. If you don’t want to be downtown on a beautiful sunny day, there are nice swimming spots nearby with possibilities for a picnic. (Of course we will give all the details about it)","You can use the whole apartment, which consist of a large living room and a hallway that connects the entire apartment (23 meter long). Apartment has separate toilet and a bathroom with a shower cabin and a bath. The kitchen has a big fridge with a freezer and cooking (enough pots and pans available) is on an induction hub (very easy to use).","Nice and comfortable appartement for youg families or couples. The area is filled with bars, restaurants, boutique shops, but doesn't have the tourist masses. So it has a very local feel. There's a small city beach, with an excellent bar ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) within 2 minutes from our house. If you don’t want to be downtown on a beautiful sunny day, there are nice swimming spots nearby with possibilities for a picnic. (Of course we will give all the details about it) You can use the whole apartment, which consist of a large living room and a hallway that connects the entire apartment (23 meter long). Apartment has separate toilet and a bathroom with a shower cabin and a bath. The kitchen has a big fridge with a freezer and cooking (enough pots and pans available) is on an induction hub (very easy to use). The apartment can be used to the fullest, including washing machine, a dryer, a dishwashing machine. I'm available for contact by phone/(SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) or email. Ou","Our modern apartment is perfectly situated to explore Amsterdam: located at walking distance between the busy city center and the upcoming East area. The neighborhood will guarantee an authentic Amsterdam experience in a local setting. There is a beautiful old Windmill (Brouwerij 't IJ) nearby, which serves beers from its own brewery! Small art and design companies around on every corner mixed with amazing food from around the world. What about visiting Artis, eating at Jamie Oliver's Fifteen and end your evening in Club Panama or inner beach club Roest after some french tapas and entrecotes at Rosa&Rita which are only a 3 min. walk from the apartment. Inner Beach club Roest just a 2 minute walk. Small coffee and coffeeshops, breakfast place Helena Primakoff next to the apartment , bakeries and supermarkets are nearby as well. The Artis Zoo is close by as is the famous Heineken beer brewery. The ‘Wallen’ red light district is a 15 minutes walk from the apartment. The KNSM Island , famo","The appartement is a 20 minute drive from Schiphol airport, 10 minutes by tram/bike/car from Central Station in Amsterdam. Tram and bus are within walking distance (1 to 3 minutes walk) and those will lead you all over town. And there's a bike rental shop around the corner. Ideal transportation when in Amsterdam.",
