Situated in upcoming neighbourhood Amsterdam West – Bos & Lommer (Bolo) this apartment is close to trendy Westerpark and Erasmuspark.,Bright fully furnished 58m2 apartment (built in the 1930s) on the first floor.  Perfect for couples. ,"Situated in upcoming neighbourhood Amsterdam West – Bos & Lommer (Bolo) this apartment is close to trendy Westerpark and Erasmuspark. Bright fully furnished 58m2 apartment (built in the 1930s) on the first floor.  Perfect for couples. This bright and cosy accomodation has a spacious living room and ensuite dining room with 6 chairs, as well as nice kitchen with washing machine, combi microwave/oven and dishwasher. You can find everything here to cook a nice dinner. There´s a beautiful bathroom with bathtub, separate shower and toilet. The bedroom is very silent (as it's located on the back side) and has a 2 persons bed  Wireless internet is availabe. Bed linnen and towels are included. You can always get in contact with me during your stay (either through AirBnB or phone) or with someone I'll arrange to help out. 5 minutes walking to some nice restaurants: Podium Mozaiek where you can have dinner or a nice Turkish breakfast, cosy restaurant Van de Buurt who also organizes movie nights ","5 minutes walking to some nice restaurants: Podium Mozaiek where you can have dinner or a nice Turkish breakfast, cosy restaurant Van de Buurt who also organizes movie nights and pub quizes and Bar Roseval. Westpark with the Westergasterrein is very close: there you'll fin d bars, restaurants, galleries and a cinema and during summer festivals.",2 minutes walking distance from bus and tram stops (15 mins by tram 14 to Dam square). Less than 10 minutes from train station Sloterdijk and ar ound 20 minutes from Schiphol airport. Parking can be done in a 'Park & Ride' for 8 euros/day.,"Smoking allowed on the balcony.  I also have a cute red cat, Puk: he's very friendly and independent. However, if you don't like cats or are allergic, he will stay somewhere else!"
