,"We have a beautiful bright and cosy (non-smoking) apartment in the middle of Amsterdam with a great canal view. The apartment is located in the Jordaan-district of Amsterdam, close to Dam Square, the Anne Frankhouse, Westermarkt and a lot of restaurants, bars and (super)markets. It's very easy to get into other parts of Amsterdam as public transport is close by.  The apartment is located at the first and fifth floor of an apartment building with a view on the canal of Prinsengracht.  On the first floor, there is a spacious livingroom with a table, (sleeping)couch and fireplace. TV and wifi are also available. In the room next to the hallway there is a big storage room, bathroom with toilet, shower and sink. In the kitchen there is an oppertunity to cook (fridge, oven and stove available). There is a laundry machine aswell.  On the fifth floor there is a bedroom with a double bed, toilet and livingroom. There is a roof terrace with a beautiful view aswell. If you want to cook or shower ","We have a beautiful bright and cosy (non-smoking) apartment in the middle of Amsterdam with a great canal view. The apartment is located in the Jordaan-district of Amsterdam, close to Dam Square, the Anne Frankhouse, Westermarkt and a lot of restaurants, bars and (super)markets. It's very easy to get into other parts of Amsterdam as public transport is close by.  The apartment is located at the first and fifth floor of an apartment building with a view on the canal of Prinsengracht.  On the first floor, there is a spacious livingroom with a table, (sleeping)couch and fireplace. TV and wifi are also available. In the room next to the hallway there is a big storage room, bathroom with toilet, shower and sink. In the kitchen there is an oppertunity to cook (fridge, oven and stove available). There is a laundry machine aswell.  On the fifth floor there is a bedroom with a double bed, toilet and livingroom. There is a roof terrace with a beautiful view aswell. If you want to cook or shower ",,,It's a non-smoking apartment. It's an old building so please respect the neighbours and keep down excessive noise (especially when walking upstairs in the hallway).  Enjoy your stay!
