"Authentic, stylish, light, luxurious, spacious apartment in building from 1930, completely renovated when I bought it 9 years ago and repainted last year. Quiet street with park and canal in front of the house.","Authentic, stylish, light, luxurious, spacious apartment in building from 1930, completely renovated when I bought it 9 years ago and repainted last year. Quiet street with park and canal in front of the house.  The kitchen is the heart of the house. It is well equipped but decorated in the old style and has a dinner table and chairs. The large living room features a huge couch and sofa, table and smart HD TV. Adjacent there is an ensuite/side room. In this extra room is another dining table for sunny mornings and a Put-up bed with very thick and comfortable matrass can be placed her on demand. The bedroom has a king sized 2-person bed and large closet for cloths and suitcase.","Authentic, stylish, light, luxurious, spacious apartment in building from 1930, completely renovated when I bought it 9 years ago and repainted last year. Quiet street with park and canal in front of the house. Authentic, stylish, light, luxurious, spacious apartment in building from 1930, completely renovated when I bought it 9 years ago and repainted last year. Quiet street with park and canal in front of the house.  The kitchen is the heart of the house. It is well equipped but decorated in the old style and has a dinner table and chairs. The large living room features a huge couch and sofa, table and smart HD TV. Adjacent there is an ensuite/side room. In this extra room is another dining table for sunny mornings and a Put-up bed with very thick and comfortable matrass can be placed her on demand. The bedroom has a king sized 2-person bed and large closet for cloths and suitcase. Apartment with sunny balcony on the second floor. Boat and 2 bikes on request available. If possible I ","The house is located in the upcoming neighborhood 'de baarsjes', next to the City Centre, Oud  West and Westerpark.  Quiet street with beautiful sight on park and canal. Cosy bars, local restaurants and coffee bars around the corner. Also there is a new and very popular indoor market hall 'de foodhallen' with a large variety of food and drinks and nice atmosphere. This is 7min. Walking distance from the house.  Supermarket and outdoor market and shops on 5min walking distance.  5-10min on bike or tram to Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Vondelpark, Westerpark, foodhallen, Noordermarkt, Ten Katenmarkt, Jordaan, 9straatjes and Leidseplein and Anne Frank Huis.  15min on bike or tram to the Amsterdam Central Station.","At 15min the central station is the closest station (tram 13). Amsterdam Sloterdijk on similar distance (tram 12) Tram 12,13,14 at the corner connects you directly to all important areas in Amsterdam.  Parking space is always available in front of the house. (it is paid for a bout €2,30 per hour)","No smoking in the house please this is very important to me. No party's at home, around the corner there is more then enough nightlife available! :-) Please do respect the neighbors and the house rules. Many thanks for your understanding. Thanks to that you and future guests will have a pleasant stay!"
