"Welcome to our lovely, bright apt (95m2) in the great Amsterdam South area. This beautiful apartment is available for a couple or small family.  The house is clean, tidy and has all the basic comfort needed after a long day experiencing Amsterdam. Perfect location to explore Amsterdam, near Vondelpark, 10 min by tram or bicycle from the Museumsquare and citycentre. Tram, metro and busstop around the corner.","Accommodation: 2nd floor: - Living / dining room with TV and Sonos music system - Second kids bedroom with bunkbed - Fully equipped kitchen with blender, juicer, oven, refrigerator, dishwasher - Toilet - Kids Corner with toys  3rd floor: - Bedroom with 2p bed with french doors to large sunny roof terrace - Bathroom with bath, shower and 2nd toilet (+ washer and dryer) - Roof terras with lounge set","Welcome to our lovely, bright apt (95m2) in the great Amsterdam South area. This beautiful apartment is available for a couple or small family.  The house is clean, tidy and has all the basic comfort needed after a long day experiencing Amsterdam. Perfect location to explore Amsterdam, near Vondelpark, 10 min by tram or bicycle from the Museumsquare and citycentre. Tram, metro and busstop around the corner. Accommodation: 2nd floor: - Living / dining room with TV and Sonos music system - Second kids bedroom with bunkbed - Fully equipped kitchen with blender, juicer, oven, refrigerator, dishwasher - Toilet - Kids Corner with toys  3rd floor: - Bedroom with 2p bed with french doors to large sunny roof terrace - Bathroom with bath, shower and 2nd toilet (+ washer and dryer) - Roof terras with lounge set Free Wi-Fi Sonos music system Nespresso Roof terras Guests are welcomed by friends. Feel free to contact for any question or tips. Location: Only 10 minutes away from Amsterdam city center","Location: Only 10 minutes away from Amsterdam city center by bike or tram, 10 minutes walking distance from the 'Vondelpark, supermarket and shops Hoofddorpplein around the corner. The neighborhood has everything you need, restaurants and bars (Drovers Dog, Helder, Stadscafe Mechelen, Gent Aan de Schinkel, Caffe Oslo, Ron's Gastrobar, Bédier etc.), shopping (Deen, Dirk van den Broek, Hema, Etos) nearby. The Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, PC Hooftstraat and Leidseplein are a 10-minute bike ride through Vondelpark.",Public transport (tram 2 and 16 and bus 197) to citycentre and Central Station around the corner.,"- Our apartment is suited for a couple or a small family - Please respect the house and the neighbourhood - No party/events - Smoking is not permitted - Pets not allowed The check-in/check-out schedule is flexible, depending on other departures/arrivals on the same day. Please contact us to check possibilities.  We or a friend will be waiting for you to hand over the keys, show you all the facilities and explain all the equipment and of course answer any of your questions. Please inform us in advance of your arrival time in Amsterdam, we can give directions on the best way to reach the apartment.  The apartment will be ready and cleaned for you before your arrival. Fresh towels and sheets are also provided. All of which is included in the total price.  The house is to be left in a clean and tidy manner."
