Our lovely apartment is located in the cultural and lively Westerpark neighbourhood. The Westerpark itself is at a 3 min walk from the apartment    ,"Our lovely, spacious apartment is located in the lively Westerpark neighborhood, and the park itself is at a 3 min walking distance from the apartment.  With Westerpark, Dam square, Central statiom, the historic canals and the nominated best shopping-area Haarlemmerbuurt just around the corner, this is the perfect place to explore Amsterdam.","Our lovely apartment is located in the cultural and lively Westerpark neighbourhood. The Westerpark itself is at a 3 min walk from the apartment     Our lovely, spacious apartment is located in the lively Westerpark neighborhood, and the park itself is at a 3 min walking distance from the apartment.  With Westerpark, Dam square, Central statiom, the historic canals and the nominated best shopping-area Haarlemmerbuurt just around the corner, this is the perfect place to explore Amsterdam. The fully furnished apartment contains: A bright and spacious livingroom  A fully equipped large kitchen  A bright bedroom with a double bed and closet space  Bathroom with shower, toilet and washbasin  Washer and detergent  Free Wifi  Fresh towels and sheets If you decide to stay at our apartment we will welcome you personally to hand-over the keys, show you the apartment and provide you with a complete list of highly recommended places and handy tips. We will leave the apartment freshly scented and w","The Westerpark is a great park to hang-out and enjoy your stay in Amsterdam when you're not feeling like walking through the centre. The Westerpark is known as thé cultural park in Amsterdam where you can visit the 'Ketelhuis' Movie theater, and divers food festivals that are organized every other sunday.  The Haarlemmerstraat, which is right around the corner, is a wonderful street to shop, visit the charming restaurants, wine-bars and 'The Movies Art House Cinemas.'","Busses 22 and 48 stop right in front of our apartment and are direct lines from both main stations; the Central station and Sloterdijk station. There is no need to drag your luggage all through town to reach your accommodation. Just hop on and off one of these busses and you're settled.  The street the apartment is located, is called the Spaarndammerstraat and is a quiet but lovely street. There are two supermarkets and several take-out restaurants at walking distance, if you prefer to eat-in.","We strictly forbid smoking in our apartment (that includes marihuana!). We love to have our home smelling nice! Also it bothers the neighbours; we would like to ask you to respect them at any time.  Furthermore we would like to ask you to treat our home like it's your own, with love and respect."
