"Quiet and bright apartment on second floor. Fits four people comfortably. 10 minutes by bike from city center. Harmonious, cozy, and comfortable. Sunny balcony with garden view. Cultural and artistic neighbourhood. Bike rental available!","Located in a quiet but lively neighborhood. On the second floor you will find a harmonious and homey apartment with a sunny balcony (where you can wake up with a nice cappuccino!). The apartment is bright and spacious (55 m2).   Living-room: big wooden dining table, large lounge couch folds out into a very comfortable double bed, projector with a home cinema system.  Bright room with big windows. Bedroom: comfortable double bed, wardrobe, wooden bench, french doors opening on to balcony with garden view. Bathroom: you can use the free bathroom amenities: soap and shampoo, shower, washing basin, mirror, hair-dryer and clean towels. Kitchen is fully equipped: microwave/oven, gas stove, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, refrigerator and washing machine:-)","Quiet and bright apartment on second floor. Fits four people comfortably. 10 minutes by bike from city center. Harmonious, cozy, and comfortable. Sunny balcony with garden view. Cultural and artistic neighbourhood. Bike rental available! Located in a quiet but lively neighborhood. On the second floor you will find a harmonious and homey apartment with a sunny balcony (where you can wake up with a nice cappuccino!). The apartment is bright and spacious (55 m2).   Living-room: big wooden dining table, large lounge couch folds out into a very comfortable double bed, projector with a home cinema system.  Bright room with big windows. Bedroom: comfortable double bed, wardrobe, wooden bench, french doors opening on to balcony with garden view. Bathroom: you can use the free bathroom amenities: soap and shampoo, shower, washing basin, mirror, hair-dryer and clean towels. Kitchen is fully equipped: microwave/oven, gas stove, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, refrigerator a","The neighborhood: Bos en Lommer on the border of the trendy Westerpark. Close to the city center, the neighborhood itself hosts a variety of cultural and artistic events within a few minutes walk: Podium Mozaïek & Westergasfabriek.  Shops in the immediate area include a bakery, butchers, various supermarkets, biological food shop, bookshop, chemists, ATM machines, restaurants, pizzerias, bars, lunch rooms and other local shops also within 5 minutes walk from the apartment. Several well-equipped playgrounds and a splash pool are mere steps away.","Just a 2 minute walk to two major tram lines. Ten minutes on tram 12 takes you directly to Museumplein and all the major museums, and tram 14 will take you directly to Dam Square or Rembrandt Square. About 20 minutes from Schiphol Airport via public transportation.","Only positive vibes both ways. Enjoy!  Please above all respect my neighbours. Please no pets, no smoking, and no parties."
