,"A bright and furnished studio with a great view! A comfy studio that trades space inside for a perfect location and everything you could ever need within a few steps outside in the heart of Amsterdam.  The corner appartement is situated on the first floor overlooking a canal where boats pass by on their way to the harbour and canals.  Within walking distance you will find the famous Haarlemmerstraat with many excellent places for breakfast, coffee, dinner and a wide range of quality shops as well as the Westerpark which offers a great green area with a theater, cinema, exhibition and events stage.  Public transport is just around the corner (tram 3) to reach the Museum square with the Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Concertgebouw. The studio also has a great connection with the Amsterdam Central Station (8 minutes busride including 5 minutes walking) and the lively Jordaan area with its markets and the Anne Frank House (20 minutes walk/8 minutes by bike).  The apartment offers: - Fully equip","A bright and furnished studio with a great view! A comfy studio that trades space inside for a perfect location and everything you could ever need within a few steps outside in the heart of Amsterdam.  The corner appartement is situated on the first floor overlooking a canal where boats pass by on their way to the harbour and canals.  Within walking distance you will find the famous Haarlemmerstraat with many excellent places for breakfast, coffee, dinner and a wide range of quality shops as well as the Westerpark which offers a great green area with a theater, cinema, exhibition and events stage.  Public transport is just around the corner (tram 3) to reach the Museum square with the Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Concertgebouw. The studio also has a great connection with the Amsterdam Central Station (8 minutes busride including 5 minutes walking) and the lively Jordaan area with its markets and the Anne Frank House (20 minutes walk/8 minutes by bike).  The apartment offers: - Fully equip",,,"I am very hospitable and use anything in my house to make your stay as pleasant as it can get. And of course I'm counting on the mutual respect for my house, the neighbours and the neighbourhood. Smoking, parties and animals are not allowed. A more detailed list of the usage of this apartment, tips and needs I am happy to provide upon reservation confirmation."
