,"For rent: Bright and cosy studio apartment in Amsterdam South (Rivierenbuurt).  The perfect homebase if you want to explore Amsterdam!  The apartment contains a spacious living/bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. The populair Albert Cuyp market is close en you can be at the Dam square within 15 min by tram or bike.  CS (15 min), Schiphol airport (20min), RAI station (5min) and Amsterdam Amstel (5min) are also easily reached by public transport. The tram and buses stop right in front of the door: (Tram 4, 12, 25 en Bus (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) Would you rather explore the city by bike? Bike rental is walking distance from the apartment!  Downstairs there is a supermarket, coffee company, bakery and lots of other shops so anything you need is within your reach.  The cafe's of the 'Amsterdamse Pijp' are close aswell.  When the sun is out you can enjoy the balcony or go to one of the parks.  A stroll along the Amstel river is also recommended.  Your stay will include: Use of livingroom","For rent: Bright and cosy studio apartment in Amsterdam South (Rivierenbuurt).  The perfect homebase if you want to explore Amsterdam!  The apartment contains a spacious living/bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. The populair Albert Cuyp market is close en you can be at the Dam square within 15 min by tram or bike.  CS (15 min), Schiphol airport (20min), RAI station (5min) and Amsterdam Amstel (5min) are also easily reached by public transport. The tram and buses stop right in front of the door: (Tram 4, 12, 25 en Bus (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) Would you rather explore the city by bike? Bike rental is walking distance from the apartment!  Downstairs there is a supermarket, coffee company, bakery and lots of other shops so anything you need is within your reach.  The cafe's of the 'Amsterdamse Pijp' are close aswell.  When the sun is out you can enjoy the balcony or go to one of the parks.  A stroll along the Amstel river is also recommended.  Your stay will include: Use of livingroom",,,"Dear guest,  To prevent incidents and/or problems I wrote down some house rules. Not to sound like your mome but just to be clear about what I expect from you when you stay at my place. ;-) RESPECT: As this is a ±100 year old house the neighbors respect each other's privacy in terms of noise pollution, especially at night, so please be considerate (no parties, orgies, etc. please!)  I expect my guests to leave my apartment in the same state as it was when they arrived. SAFETY: No open flames are permitted anywhere in the house  (That means no smoking or candle burning) You are not aloud to make a copy of the house key! PRIVACY:  I expect my guests to respect my property and not take things with them that belong to me. If violated, guests will be immediately invited to leave the house and no refund will be granted. Since I sleep in my living room (it's a studio apartment), the living room and kitchen are not always available/accesable.  I do not permit anyone other than those in the ori"
