"This sunny and bright apartment is an ideal place to start your Amsterdam city experience! It is located in the lively Indische Buurt, only ten minutes away from the city centre. You will have two bedrooms, one room with a double bed, and one room with a double bed which can also be used as a couch. Dining table with chairs is available, as well as a clothes rack and a closet emptied for you. The kitchen is fully equipped and ready to be used. Bathroom and washing machine available.","I am a student here in Amsterdam and whilst I am on vacation I decided to rent out my apartment. It is a student's apartment so don't expect too many luxuries.  The apartment is perfect for travelers who are looking to stay in a lively neighborhood which is well connected to the city center through public transport, and has its own atmosphere most visitors to Amsterdam won't get to experience.","This sunny and bright apartment is an ideal place to start your Amsterdam city experience! It is located in the lively Indische Buurt, only ten minutes away from the city centre. You will have two bedrooms, one room with a double bed, and one room with a double bed which can also be used as a couch. Dining table with chairs is available, as well as a clothes rack and a closet emptied for you. The kitchen is fully equipped and ready to be used. Bathroom and washing machine available. I am a student here in Amsterdam and whilst I am on vacation I decided to rent out my apartment. It is a student's apartment so don't expect too many luxuries.  The apartment is perfect for travelers who are looking to stay in a lively neighborhood which is well connected to the city center through public transport, and has its own atmosphere most visitors to Amsterdam won't get to experience. You'll have the whole apartment for yourself! Don't be shy to ask me a question or tips on what to do in Amsterdam!","The apartment is located in the ""Indische Buurt"" a neighborhood with a very diverse demographic consisting of people from various walks of life; which gives way to a diverse atmosphere completely different from the one in the city center. For example, people from diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds, students and young professional are groups that are well represented in the area. The multicultural vibe of the neighborhood is boosted by the many privately run grocery stores in the main streets that showcase their range fruits and other produce out on the street. This creates a lively atmosphere by day.  Meanwhile, the neighborhood offers some of Amsterdam most trendy venues. Both the shops and clubs, bars, and restaurant are more focused on locals instead of the more predominant tourist focus of the city center. This will give you an insight how it would be to live in Amsterdam not just how it is to visit Amsterdam as a tourist.","I would advise against visiting Amsterdam by car, since it is difficult to find a parking spot and it is also expensive.  However, the apartment is easily reached by public transport from the airport or Amsterdam Central Station. More detailed description is available if you've made your booking. Trams and especially buses stop regularly in a stone throw away from our apartment and can take to most highlights in under half an hour (e.g. 15 mins to central station).  Of course bikes are the transport mode of choice by the locals, so consider renting one. You'll be able to move around even quicker.","-My roommate is a non-smoker so please refrain smoking in his room. You have the opportunity to smoke  on the balcony (which is much more fun anyhow, you can watch the neighbors go about their business! Your own room is more secluded btw)."
