"One bedroom, one bathroom apartment, with a sunny terrace! The babyroom can be used as a second bedroom. It's perfect for a couple or a family with 1 or 2 small kids. Only 5 minutes by bike from the centre! Enjoy our city!","One bedroom, one bathroom apartment. We are on the first floor of a newly renovated historic building. The babyroom could be used as a second bedroom. This (email hidden) for a couple or a family with 1 or 2 small kids (we have an extra portable crib).  The (new) bathroom has a seperate bath and shower. We have a fully equiped kitchen, coffee maker, oven, microwave, etc. Cable TV. WiFi access is available.  As you likely know spaces are small in the city, this is a 65 m2 apartment, with high ceilings and a 10 m2 sunny terrace. We own a little white cat, named Sookie, she will not be in the apartment when we are away. ","One bedroom, one bathroom apartment, with a sunny terrace! The babyroom can be used as a second bedroom. It's perfect for a couple or a family with 1 or 2 small kids. Only 5 minutes by bike from the centre! Enjoy our city! One bedroom, one bathroom apartment. We are on the first floor of a newly renovated historic building. The babyroom could be used as a second bedroom. This (email hidden) for a couple or a family with 1 or 2 small kids (we have an extra portable crib).  The (new) bathroom has a seperate bath and shower. We have a fully equiped kitchen, coffee maker, oven, microwave, etc. Cable TV. WiFi access is available.  As you likely know spaces are small in the city, this is a 65 m2 apartment, with high ceilings and a 10 m2 sunny terrace. We own a little white cat, named Sookie, she will not be in the apartment when we are away.  Full acces (except for a few closets ;)) We will not be in the apartment. We are located on the eastside of Amsterdam, just 30 minutes by train from Sc","We are located on the eastside of Amsterdam, just 30 minutes by train from Schiphol and 5 minutes by bike from the centre. Around the corner (20 sec) is a great park (Oosterpark), nice for jogging/tennis/or just sit and have some wine! In the corner of the park you'll find the great nightclub Club Arena. An other nightclub you'll find at the end of our street: Club Trouw. At the other end of the park is the Tropenmuseum. The beach is only half an hour by train (Zandvoort)! 5 minute walk to the Dappermarkt (fresh fruit, clothes, etc). Also 5 min from Oosterparkbad (monumental public swimmingpool), healthclub and shoppingcentre Oostpoort. We have a wide variety of restaurants and bars in our neighbourhood (bar Bukowski, Maxwell, Kuijpers, de Biertuin, etc). You can use our two bikes to get around in Amsterdam to go to: Leidseplein, museumquarter (Van Gogh, Stedelijk museum, Rijksmuseum, Theatre Hall), Vondelpark, Anne Frank-house, Amstel river, Paradiso, Carré Theatre, Hortus Botanicus, ","Trams (3 and 7) and busses go every 5-10 minutes, busstops are around the corner. The nearest trainstation (Muiderpoort) is a 5 minute walk. The metro is also a 5 minute walk (Wibautstraat).  But bikes are the way to go in our city ;)","Please keep in mind that this is our home and that we like to keep peace with our neighbours ;) Smoking outside on the terrace, please.."
