"Bright, cozy one-bedroom apartment in an Extremely convenient location. Walking distance to train/tram/metro stop, shopping mall, supermarket and Ams forest. Fully equipped kitchen and balcony, this place is ideal for business and leisure travelers.","Newly renovated apartment with open kitchen and lots of windows facing east to allow lights in through out the day. With separated living space and bedroom, this apartment offers flexibility for travelers who like to have private space. For example, if you are travelling with a friend, one of you can take the couch, which is the exact size of a single bed. The bedroom has lately been upgraded with an Auping bed. It is the prestigious Dutch mattress brand and it is extremely comfortable.  Bed size is 160cm x 200cm, same as queen size.","Bright, cozy one-bedroom apartment in an Extremely convenient location. Walking distance to train/tram/metro stop, shopping mall, supermarket and Ams forest. Fully equipped kitchen and balcony, this place is ideal for business and leisure travelers. Newly renovated apartment with open kitchen and lots of windows facing east to allow lights in through out the day. With separated living space and bedroom, this apartment offers flexibility for travelers who like to have private space. For example, if you are travelling with a friend, one of you can take the couch, which is the exact size of a single bed. The bedroom has lately been upgraded with an Auping bed. It is the prestigious Dutch mattress brand and it is extremely comfortable.  Bed size is 160cm x 200cm, same as queen size. Guests are free to use all equipment provided in the kitchen. This include the French press coffee maker, mocha maker, milk froth maker; kenwood free-stand mixer, toaster and water boiler; a Japanese rice cooke","The apartment is situated in the south side of Amsterdam, the neighbourhood is called ""buiterveldert"", which is known to be a white collar residential area with educated residence. The neighbourhood is vibrant during the day and quiet during the night.  What I love the most about this place is the convenience it offers. The apartment is literally 3mins away from the tram and metro stop (no.5 and no. 51), which will take you to all the places you need to go to in Amsterdam. With less than 20min, you can be in waterlooplein/nieumarkt in the Center with metro 51. Tram 5 stops at all the major tourism sites, including leidseplein, Van Gogh museum, rijks museum, prinsengracht, flower market, kalverstraat, dam square and so on. Both tram and metro take you to central station and Amsterdam Zuid. Amsterdam Zuid is the second largest train station in Amsterdam which takes you to Schiphol airport in 7mins, Bijmer Arena in 5mins, it also offers direct train to Utrecht, The Hague, Almeer, Hangelo ",Tram 5 and metro 51 stop is 3 minutes away. Amsterdam Zuid station is 10 by walk or two stops by tram/metro.  Parking is free btw 7pm - 8:59am during the week and all day on Saturday and Sunday.,"I expect guests to take care of the furniture and my belongings as their own.  Please also make sure you always store food away, in the drawers, fridge or containers. I don't want to attract unwanted pets(mice) to the house.  Heavy cooking such as deep frying is not allowed. Please always turn off the lights and close the doors behind you.  Any kind of Smoking is forbidden!  I am a dog owner myself so I want to provide my pet-loving fellows the convenience to travel with their furry friends. One small/medium size, well-trained dog is allowed in the apartment, but you must make sure your dog is house-broken. No bathroom business is allowed in the house, nor on the balcony. There are plenty of grass/park nearby to walk your dog. I can provide a medium size crate as well upon-request. Excessive barking is not okay as my neighbors will complain."
