"A bright and newly renovated apartment including a sunny balcony, bedroom with double bed, and spacious living area with open kitchen. Location: Czaar Peterstraat, a calm street in Amsterdam-Centrum known for its local and small-scale shops with quality food. Biking or Public Transport to the city centre takes 10-15 min.","The apartment for rent is bright and newly renovated, located in the Czaar Peterstraat in Amsterdam-Centrum. The 75 m2 apartment is on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam house from 1900. The apartment has a bed room with double bed for 1 or 2 people. Other spaces include a spacious living area with open kitchen, a bathroom, and a balcony. The apartment's second bed room is not accessible for guests, but I won't be there during your stay. On the apartment photos there are two white closets in the living area. These have been removed. The place looks more spacious now.","A bright and newly renovated apartment including a sunny balcony, bedroom with double bed, and spacious living area with open kitchen. Location: Czaar Peterstraat, a calm street in Amsterdam-Centrum known for its local and small-scale shops with quality food. Biking or Public Transport to the city centre takes 10-15 min. The apartment for rent is bright and newly renovated, located in the Czaar Peterstraat in Amsterdam-Centrum. The 75 m2 apartment is on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam house from 1900. The apartment has a bed room with double bed for 1 or 2 people. Other spaces include a spacious living area with open kitchen, a bathroom, and a balcony. The apartment's second bed room is not accessible for guests, but I won't be there during your stay. On the apartment photos there are two white closets in the living area. These have been removed. The place looks more spacious now. A bed room (1-2 persons), a spacious living area with open kitchen, a bathroom, a separate toilet,","The Czaar Peterstraat is located at the eastern part of the Amsterdam city centre. The street itself has a great bakery, some nice delis - Mondo Mediterraneo, Fromagerie Kef, Sprezzatura, Olie & Zo - and a cozy coffee bar Helena Primakoff. At one end of the street is the famous IJ Brewery and Bar, located in an old windmill. At the other end, hidden behind newspaper offices, is Amsterdam Roest. This is a bar in an old factory. The beautiful Artis Zoo & Hortus Botanicus are at walking distance, just as the Eastern Docklands. This latter area has been an important harbor area (the Dutch once ruled the world from this place) and is now known for its modern architecture. Good restaurants close-by are the Lloyd Hotel, De Plantage (at Artis Zoo), Hotel De Goudfazant (via the Oostveer ferry to Amsterdam-Noord), Wilde Zwijnen, and De Kas. For going out, check out what's happening at Club De School (west), Cinema Kriterion (in my neighborhood), FC Hyena (north), etc.","The apartment is located 10 minutes by bike or public transport from Amsterdam Central Station. Using public transport, take Tram 26 from Central Station in the direction of IJburg and get off at Rietlandpark. From there you can walk into the Czaar Peterstraat. Tram 10 stops in front of the apartment and takes you in 10 minutes to the city centre (canal area), the Museum Square (Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, and Van Gogh Museum), the Vondelpark and the Westerpark.","When leaving the apartment:  - don't forget to take the key with you, - please lock all doors and close all windows, - turn off the coffee machine, lights, and heating, - and carefully close the building door at ground/street level without locking it."
