"Welcome to my bright & nicely decorated home on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: The Prinsengracht! The Anne Frank House is a two minute walk and the rest of the city is at walking distance or only a short tram ride away! I have a lovely big balcony, which you can use and enjoy the sun when it's out. The Jordaan area is famous for many thinks. You're in the heart of it. You can get lost in the small streets behind the house, with all it's lovely, small restaurants and shops. Enjoy!","I have Wireless Internet and Cable TV and a big balcony. Which is rare for this part of the city. On the first floor there's an open plan, fully equipped kitchen, dining area with access to the big balcony and lounging area with amazing canal view.  On the second floor, in the nook of this very old Amsterdam building, there's a romantic bedroom with beams and a super comfortable double bed. A nice bathroom with walk in shower is also on this floor.","Welcome to my bright & nicely decorated home on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: The Prinsengracht! The Anne Frank House is a two minute walk and the rest of the city is at walking distance or only a short tram ride away! I have a lovely big balcony, which you can use and enjoy the sun when it's out. The Jordaan area is famous for many thinks. You're in the heart of it. You can get lost in the small streets behind the house, with all it's lovely, small restaurants and shops. Enjoy! I have Wireless Internet and Cable TV and a big balcony. Which is rare for this part of the city. On the first floor there's an open plan, fully equipped kitchen, dining area with access to the big balcony and lounging area with amazing canal view.  On the second floor, in the nook of this very old Amsterdam building, there's a romantic bedroom with beams and a super comfortable double bed. A nice bathroom with walk in shower is also on this floor. You have acces to the whole apartment, except a small ","My place is situated in the middle of the famous Jordaan area in the centre of the city, around the corner of the even more famous Noordermarkt. You can visit the Saturday market, which is absolutely lovely, go for a coffee and eat the famous apple pie at THE WINKEL. You will find small shops, bars and the coolest restaurants around the corner. The Jordaan area is famous for many thinks. You're in the heart of it. You can get lost in the small streets behind the house, which holds one of the most lovely and small restaurants in town. I love La Oliva and all the little Italian restaurants at the Tweede Egelantiersdwarsstraat. My favorite place for dinner is de Klepel, 2 minute walk from my place. You have to make sure you book a table / prinsenstraat 22","The apartment is a 15 minute walk from central station and a 7 minute drive. If you take an uber, it will cost you around 6 euro's. If you want to take a bus, it's number 170 and 172 to Westermarkt, from there it's a 4 minute walk. Or take tram 13 or 17 to westermarkt. Again, I would recommend walking if you not have a lot of luggage or take an uber. It's a really near. If you come by car, be aware of the high cost to park it.","General house rules apply to the apartment: - No loud music, noise or other nuisance in the apartment - No smoking in the apartment or in the common entrance - No drugs - No house parties, no persons permitted in the house except for the people who have booked (after midnight) - For the loss of keys, we charge 20% of the security deposit - CLEANING:  We will take care of cleaning so no need to vacuum or mop the floor but please make sure that the dishes are done and the garbage has been put out on the street on the last pick up day (see information book in house) or dumped in a trash container outside) -If you need to check in to the apartment between 21:00 (9PM) and midnight, this is possible, but there is an additional fee of €25, after midnight that will be €50. Thank you for understanding."
