"This completely recently renovated light apartment is suitable for business guest, business meetings as for a couple looking for a romantic stay or a family. The location and the view on the canals, as well as the 360 view from the roof terrace overlooking Amsterdam is unique. The location could not be better close to the biggest shopping streets, Flower Market, grocery store and public transport. This is the place you are looking for!","Stylish, light and spacious modern apartment with 1 couple bedroom and 2 seperate bedrooms with a single bed in the heart of Amsterdam city centre. This is the most central you can get!   Our house is a modern loft on the fourth and fifth floor of a monument. It has a great view on the Canals and you can enjoy a 360 degrees view over the city from our roofterrace.  You will find unique shops, museums - all on your doorstep! This stylish light apartment is at the very heart of Amsterdam! Situated at the historical Herengracht canal, between Leidseplein and Rembrandtsplein. Just around the corner you will find the Reguliersdwarsstraat, the famous Gay street of Amsterdam and you are just minutes away from the 9-streets and Jordaan area. LAY-OUT DESCRIPTION Once you enter the apartment (elevator takes you to the third floor) it is a private paradise in the heart of the centre of sizzling Amsterdam.   The main floor has a large living room, with an open fire place, open kitchen and diner ar","This completely recently renovated light apartment is suitable for business guest, business meetings as for a couple looking for a romantic stay or a family. The location and the view on the canals, as well as the 360 view from the roof terrace overlooking Amsterdam is unique. The location could not be better close to the biggest shopping streets, Flower Market, grocery store and public transport. This is the place you are looking for! Stylish, light and spacious modern apartment with 1 couple bedroom and 2 seperate bedrooms with a single bed in the heart of Amsterdam city centre. This is the most central you can get!   Our house is a modern loft on the fourth and fifth floor of a monument. It has a great view on the Canals and you can enjoy a 360 degrees view over the city from our roofterrace.  You will find unique shops, museums - all on your doorstep! This stylish light apartment is at the very heart of Amsterdam! Situated at the historical Herengracht canal, between Leidseplein an","Built during the city’s Golden Age, the three parallel canals are interconnected with streets filled with shopping, eating and drinking opportunities. The Canal Ring is made up of Herengracht, Keizersgracht and Prinsengracht. In a way, the Canal Ring forms a crossover from the more bustling Centre to the gentler outer neighbourhoods of Jordaan, Museum District and De Pijp. The Canal Ring includes the city’s two main nightlife and culture squares. Leidseplein features such legendary concert halls as Paradiso and Melkweg. Rembrandtplein has several bars, two large nightclubs (Escape and Air), and ‘old world’ evocative treasures such as De Kroon and Café Schiller. The whole area is dotted with Amsterdam's beloved neighbourhood ‘brown cafes'.",We live in the heart and centre of Amsterdam between Rembrandts square and Leidse square. All public transports and taxis are available as you step out our front door. • Jordaan – 3 minute walking  • Supermarket – 1 minute walking  • Noordermarkt (organic market Sat) – 10 minutes walking  • Waterloopplein - 4 minutes walking  • Westerkerk/Anne Frank House – 10 minutes walking  • 9 Streets Area – 3 minutes walking  • Dam Square – 5 minutes walking  • Nieuwmarkt – 6 minutes walking  • Leidseplein – 2 minutes walking  • Rijksmuseum/Van Gogh Museum – 10 minutes walking,Our Apartment is completely self contained but we live in the same building so we're on hand to help with any aspect of your stay before you arrive and once you're here to help you make the most of your stay in Amsterdam. We live here and we love it here so we can give you lots of recommendations in the neighbourhood! Smoking allowed in designated areas.
