"Bright apt in the popular neighborhood Oud West. Great, young and lively neighborhood with many cafes, boutiques and a big market just around the corner! One double bed so max two people can stay there! Contact me any time","I have a bright and clean apartment for rent with a big sunny terrace! Unique place, great neighborhood, very reasonable price. The apartment has one bedroom and is perfect for one person or a couple.  It has a good kitchen which contains everything you need and a big bathroom with toilet and shower. Best thing is the big and very sunny rooftop terrace where you can enjoy the sun from 10 am till 8 pm during spring and summer time.  Everything is included: towels, sheets, wifi, electricity etcetera. And if you have any questions, I am willing to help you out at any time. The place is located in the centre of the lively city Amsterdam (neighborhood Oud-West), very close to the Jordaan. The street is quiet and safe but just around the corner you'll find shops, restaurants, bars, a big market, museums (like the Rijksmuseum, Anne Frank house, van Gogh museum) and two big parks (the famous Vondelpark, the central park of Amsterdam).  I would say you can walk everywhere but you definitely don","Bright apt in the popular neighborhood Oud West. Great, young and lively neighborhood with many cafes, boutiques and a big market just around the corner! One double bed so max two people can stay there! Contact me any time I have a bright and clean apartment for rent with a big sunny terrace! Unique place, great neighborhood, very reasonable price. The apartment has one bedroom and is perfect for one person or a couple.  It has a good kitchen which contains everything you need and a big bathroom with toilet and shower. Best thing is the big and very sunny rooftop terrace where you can enjoy the sun from 10 am till 8 pm during spring and summer time.  Everything is included: towels, sheets, wifi, electricity etcetera. And if you have any questions, I am willing to help you out at any time. The place is located in the centre of the lively city Amsterdam (neighborhood Oud-West), very close to the Jordaan. The street is quiet and safe but just around the corner you'll find shops, restauran","- The Hallen foodmarket, cinema etc - Ten Kate market: fresh fruits, vegetables, flowers etcetera - Many restaurants, cafes and boutiques - Young people - Close to the Jordaan - Close to the most beautiful park of Amsterdam, the Vondelpark",There are five trams leaving towards different areas just a two minute walk from my apartment. ,
