,"This room is just a few minutes walking from stadium Arena, AFAS Life and the Ziggo Music Dome. The apartment itself is very modern, with thick walls and an elevator. Within 15 minutes, by public transport, you are in the vibrant city centre of Amsterdam, close to popular attractions such as the famous canals, the Anne Frank House, the Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, and the bustling nightlife of the city. The train and metro station is located just minutes away on foot and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is only a 10 minute train ride away. There is 1 free parking place but it may already be taken by other guests. In case another guest has taken the parking space: The Amsterdam arena stadium offers Park and Ride, meaning you'll get cheap tickets for the public transport. And there's some streets with free parking also nearby.","This room is just a few minutes walking from stadium Arena, AFAS Life and the Ziggo Music Dome. The apartment itself is very modern, with thick walls and an elevator. Within 15 minutes, by public transport, you are in the vibrant city centre of Amsterdam, close to popular attractions such as the famous canals, the Anne Frank House, the Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, and the bustling nightlife of the city. The train and metro station is located just minutes away on foot and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is only a 10 minute train ride away. There is 1 free parking place but it may already be taken by other guests. In case another guest has taken the parking space: The Amsterdam arena stadium offers Park and Ride, meaning you'll get cheap tickets for the public transport. And there's some streets with free parking also nearby. You have access to your own private room and the shared balcony, bathroom with shower and separate toilet, living room with kitchen. We are always open for a conver","Its a quit neighborhood near a shopping area close to public transport, Train, Metro and bus","Metro 54 is at a walking distance, and brings you to the center of town in 11 minutes. Metro 50 with transfer to metro 53 will do the same. Shortly after midnight the last metros out of the center leave. Night buses then take over twice an hour. Or the last train from Central Station leaves at 1 a.m. and 1:15 a.m. You can park your car for free, if the one parking spot is available. Otherwise you park for free two streets over or better, you use the Park and Ride which is cheap if you travel by metro and tram during your stay.","Absolutely no smoking inside the house, except for outside on the balcony. The washing room and washing machine are off limits. The key to this room CANNOT be inside the room, nor outside the apartment (similar to the apartment key, CANNOT be inside the apartment since you'll lock yourself out when you shut the door behind you). The bedroom lock CAN be closed normally. A confirmed smart phone number is part of our requirements. There might be other people at the apartment, especially during peak times. The hosts might not be there, but they will be electronically available though : )"
