"Beautifully designed studio 65m, open plan, in the historic Canal house (1st floor), 2 min from Museum square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gough, Stadelijk). 2 min from Leidseplein. 10 min walk to Albert Cyup Market and Vondel Park","Live like local  in the newly renovated, totally independent studio 65m with master bed, living and kitchen-dining areas. Bathroom with big bath tub to relax after you day in the town. Located on the first floor of 150 years old Canal House on the pretty little street in-between of Antique Quarter and Museum square","Beautifully designed studio 65m, open plan, in the historic Canal house (1st floor), 2 min from Museum square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gough, Stadelijk). 2 min from Leidseplein. 10 min walk to Albert Cyup Market and Vondel Park Live like local  in the newly renovated, totally independent studio 65m with master bed, living and kitchen-dining areas. Bathroom with big bath tub to relax after you day in the town. Located on the first floor of 150 years old Canal House on the pretty little street in-between of Antique Quarter and Museum square You will enjoy comfy queen-size bed with canal view. Gourmet kitchen with gas hob and proper oven, toaster, coffee machine. Relaxing lounge area. WiFi, Stereo, TV Dutch Masters  at your door step in recently renovated Rijksmuseum. We live upstairs on 2nd and 3rd floors - always available to help Also on the phone, What's Up. Great area with a lot of cafes, restaurants and galleries. Away from touristic hustle.  Main cultural attractions (Rijksmuseum, Van Gou","Great area with a lot of cafes, restaurants and galleries. Away from touristic hustle.  Main cultural attractions (Rijksmuseum, Van Gough) at your doorstep ( 2-5 min walk). PC Hoofstraat the posh luxury shopping street and Vondel park 10 min walk.",You can get to the house from Schiphol by bus 397 (Rijksmuseum stop) or by taxi. Tram  2 and 5 will get you to Dam square or Central Station in 7 min (Liedseplein tram stop 3 min walk to the house).,No Smoking No Parties No noise after 10pm Be respectful to neighbors Please do not move the furniture around and place your suitcases in the luggage room
