"This newly renovated apartment is on the 3rd floor of an old canal house. It offers all you need for a comfortable stay. The living room has four windows overlooking the Oude Waal, the widest canal in Amsterdam.","This newly renovated apartment is on the 3rd floor of an old canal house located on the Oude Waal in the heart of the centre of Amsterdam. The apartment offers all you need for a comfortable stay. The living room has four windows overlooking the Oude Waal, the widest canal in Amsterdam. There is free WIFI, TV and a washing machine. The kitchen is fully equipped. There is a private bathroom with shower and the toilet is separate. The bedroom is quiet, with one double bed. The second double bed (sleeping couch) is in the living room. There is an extra double bed (sleeping couch) in the bedroom if needed. There is also a bed for a baby. Linen and towels are included. The location is really unique in a quiet area of the Nieuwmarkt/Lastage. There are numerous great bars, cafes, gay-bars, cozy restaurants, art galleries, shops, and various markets all around the corner! On walking distance are:  • The Central Station (7 min) • Metrostation ""Nieuwmarkt"" (1 min) • Dam square • Waterloo flea ma","This newly renovated apartment is on the 3rd floor of an old canal house. It offers all you need for a comfortable stay. The living room has four windows overlooking the Oude Waal, the widest canal in Amsterdam. This newly renovated apartment is on the 3rd floor of an old canal house located on the Oude Waal in the heart of the centre of Amsterdam. The apartment offers all you need for a comfortable stay. The living room has four windows overlooking the Oude Waal, the widest canal in Amsterdam. There is free WIFI, TV and a washing machine. The kitchen is fully equipped. There is a private bathroom with shower and the toilet is separate. The bedroom is quiet, with one double bed. The second double bed (sleeping couch) is in the living room. There is an extra double bed (sleeping couch) in the bedroom if needed. There is also a bed for a baby. Linen and towels are included. The location is really unique in a quiet area of the Nieuwmarkt/Lastage. There are numerous great bars, cafes, gay-",,,Smoking is not allowed in the apartment nor is smoking out of the window! Pets are not allowed in the apartment. It is not allowed to use the sleeping-room as a living-room. The DVD collection can be used freely. WiFi can be used free of charge. Guests are not allowed to stay for a sleep-over.
