Our spacious family apartment just underwent a complete renovation in 2017. It has 2 floors and offers enough space for 4. Our bedrooms are right on the canals with a beautiful terrace by the water which is unique in Amsterdam. The apartment has all you need for a perfect stay. Only 10 min away from all hotspots.,"Our apartment is just renovated and is spacious with 2 bathrooms, ideal for when visiting with two couples or kids. We have a full serviced kitchen.   If you are traveling with kids that is perfect for us. We have 2 kids of our own.  In spring and summer the terrace on the canal with BBQ is to die for.","Our spacious family apartment just underwent a complete renovation in 2017. It has 2 floors and offers enough space for 4. Our bedrooms are right on the canals with a beautiful terrace by the water which is unique in Amsterdam. The apartment has all you need for a perfect stay. Only 10 min away from all hotspots. Our apartment is just renovated and is spacious with 2 bathrooms, ideal for when visiting with two couples or kids. We have a full serviced kitchen.   If you are traveling with kids that is perfect for us. We have 2 kids of our own.  In spring and summer the terrace on the canal with BBQ is to die for. You will have access to the entire house and sunny terrace on the canals with great Weber BBQ set During your stay we will not be in the apartement. Most of the time we are close by in case you need us What we love in the Jordaan is the combination of the Canals, best shopping street in Holland (Haarlemmerdijk) with many different kinds of local shops, restaurants and coffee pla","What we love in the Jordaan is the combination of the Canals, best shopping street in Holland (Haarlemmerdijk) with many different kinds of local shops, restaurants and coffee places, the Westergasfabriek Cultural Park and it's in the Center of Amsterdam within 10 minutes of all highlights in the city (Museum quarter, Leidse square, Dam square, Anne Frank House). The Jordaan is like a small village in a big city.",Bus 18 and 21 that go directly to Central Station are 50 meters away. And also tram 3 and 10 that goes directly into the city and the Museum quarter are close by. From Schiphol Airport the best way to get here is to take the train to Central Station and from there get bus 18 or 21 (stop at Nieuwe Willemstraat). This will take you approximately 30 min.  A taxi will cost around eur 50,"We have neighbors which we like you to treat as your neighbors,  so please no loud music after 10 o'clock. Especially on the terrace."
