"This Canal House with 4 floors is within 2 minutes walking distance of Leidseplein and Rijksmuseum. It has 2 bedrooms available (2 king size beds), a living room with slaeping sofa, a big kitchen and access to a beautiful courtyard.","Located on the corner of Prinsengracht and Passeerdersgracht this canal has a great view over both the canals. Being only 100 meters away from the lively Leidscheplein it is surprisingly quiet at night. Situated in the famous Jordaan area this house is around the corner from Vondelpark, all museums, Anne Frank house and right next to ""9 straatjes"", the nine streets. The house has 5 floors. Every floor, except the living room, has a toilet luckily. There's a bathroom attached to the spare bedroom room. The top floor has the master bedroom. You have access to a communal courtyard, and WiFi. The house is heated with central heating. All together this makes a beautiful place to plan trips to all highlights in Amsterdam.","This Canal House with 4 floors is within 2 minutes walking distance of Leidseplein and Rijksmuseum. It has 2 bedrooms available (2 king size beds), a living room with slaeping sofa, a big kitchen and access to a beautiful courtyard. Located on the corner of Prinsengracht and Passeerdersgracht this canal has a great view over both the canals. Being only 100 meters away from the lively Leidscheplein it is surprisingly quiet at night. Situated in the famous Jordaan area this house is around the corner from Vondelpark, all museums, Anne Frank house and right next to ""9 straatjes"", the nine streets. The house has 5 floors. Every floor, except the living room, has a toilet luckily. There's a bathroom attached to the spare bedroom room. The top floor has the master bedroom. You have access to a communal courtyard, and WiFi. The house is heated with central heating. All together this makes a beautiful place to plan trips to all highlights in Amsterdam. You can access all rooms except the attic",All high lights are within 5 minutes cycling distance. Several tour operators are around the corner that offer different trips.,Public transport - Tram and Bus - is around the corner. There's also a bike-rent around the corner.,Guests are expected to behave properly. We have neighbors that you (have to) respect.  No noise or loud music after 10 PM. The house is designated to the tenants. No people from outside are allowed to stay in the house. There's a maximum of 5 people in the house.  Smoking is prohibited in the house. You're only allowed to smoke in front of the house because our neighbors complain when it's in the back (court) yard.
