"Modern and tastefully furnished apartment (85m2) on prime location in the city center. Located on the ground floor of a classic canal house (early 1900s). Within walking distance to Leidseplein, Vondelpark and all the museums!","Modern and tastefully furnished apartment (85m2) on prime location in the city center. Located on the ground floor of a classic canal house (early 1900s) Within walking distance from Leidseplein, Vondelpark and Museumsquare. The apartment is fully furnished and has a great spacious living area with an open (newly renovated) kitchen.  Downstairs (sousterrain, typical Amsterdam) there is 1 bedroom with a double bed, a  washingmachine and dryer. Overall a lovely apartment and ideally situated!","Modern and tastefully furnished apartment (85m2) on prime location in the city center. Located on the ground floor of a classic canal house (early 1900s). Within walking distance to Leidseplein, Vondelpark and all the museums! Modern and tastefully furnished apartment (85m2) on prime location in the city center. Located on the ground floor of a classic canal house (early 1900s) Within walking distance from Leidseplein, Vondelpark and Museumsquare. The apartment is fully furnished and has a great spacious living area with an open (newly renovated) kitchen.  Downstairs (sousterrain, typical Amsterdam) there is 1 bedroom with a double bed, a  washingmachine and dryer. Overall a lovely apartment and ideally situated! Private home The whole apartment to yourself. Complete privacy. Right in the center of Amsterdam. On the canals! Walking distance to Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Stedelijk museum. Great cafes, shops and restaurants along the Spiegelgracht & Spiegelstraat. E","Right in the center of Amsterdam. On the canals! Walking distance to Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Stedelijk museum. Great cafes, shops and restaurants along the Spiegelgracht & Spiegelstraat. Everything else is a short walk or bike ride away!",Great metro & tram connections all from Leidseplein. Bus directly to and from Schiphol airport.,We have decorated and styled our apartment with care and thought. We hope you appreciate this as much as we do. We do not allow pets and or smoking in the apartment.
