"It is a narrow and steep house like there are many in the heart of the city of Amsterdam. Located in the museum district with many restaurants and hotspots nearby to visit, it is a typical 2 bedroom ensuite apartment with a fully equipped kitchen and living/dining room. Furthermore, the public transport connection is great while travelling in and out, while within the city most activities are within walking and cycling (at your own peril) distance!","On my three floor apartment there is a double ensuite guestroom with balcony available., All doors can be locked obviously and it is situated on the top floor. It has all the characteristically Amsterdam feel, situated on Kerkstraat in the middle of the old centre near Spiegelstraat, Amsterdam´s favourite antique and art street.  There is definitely a three person maximum per stay, since the room with shower and closet don´t allow it for lack of space. There is a street entrance that´s shared with the neighbours. So at night the noise should be kept to a minimum since all the houses in Amsterdam are noisy. There is a double and single bed available. At the entrance of the house the stairs go like a helix from bottom to up, with my living room equipped with kitchen on the second and my sleeping room on the first floor together with the toilet and entrance. This summer I´ll try to work alot during the day and will go to on holiday whenever I earned enough after my study year that ends in","It is a narrow and steep house like there are many in the heart of the city of Amsterdam. Located in the museum district with many restaurants and hotspots nearby to visit, it is a typical 2 bedroom ensuite apartment with a fully equipped kitchen and living/dining room. Furthermore, the public transport connection is great while travelling in and out, while within the city most activities are within walking and cycling (at your own peril) distance! On my three floor apartment there is a double ensuite guestroom with balcony available., All doors can be locked obviously and it is situated on the top floor. It has all the characteristically Amsterdam feel, situated on Kerkstraat in the middle of the old centre near Spiegelstraat, Amsterdam´s favourite antique and art street.  There is definitely a three person maximum per stay, since the room with shower and closet don´t allow it for lack of space. There is a street entrance that´s shared with the neighbours. So at night the noise should",The art district is known for its antique shops and vibrant city centre vibe. You can visit the museums or go for a bite or drinks on one of the main squares in the city,"Parking is quite difficult in Amsterdam, I would recommend a Park and Ride (P+R) near the edge of the 'ring' (highway), such as Olympic Stadion or Station Rai / Amsterdam Zuid.","You can use everything in my kitchen and dining room. You can buy your own food as well, but especially when you want to cook it is important to keep it clean (lots of mice in Amsterdam). Some courtesy is asked concerning noise in the mornings and evenings, because all the amsterdam apartments have thin walls."
