"Our trendy and comfortable apartment is the perfect place to enjoy Amsterdam to its fullest. It's right in the heart of the most popular neighborhood of Amsterdam: Jordaan, minutes from the city centre. Enjoy the Canal view or the sun at our balcony!",THE SPACE Our studio apartment is a very cozy and comfortable place to stay. It is about 50m2 and has a nice balcony where you can enjoy the sun almost the entire day! There is a beautiful canal view on the most popular Canal of Amsterdam: Brouwersgracht. The apartment is completely for your private use.,"Our trendy and comfortable apartment is the perfect place to enjoy Amsterdam to its fullest. It's right in the heart of the most popular neighborhood of Amsterdam: Jordaan, minutes from the city centre. Enjoy the Canal view or the sun at our balcony! THE SPACE Our studio apartment is a very cozy and comfortable place to stay. It is about 50m2 and has a nice balcony where you can enjoy the sun almost the entire day! There is a beautiful canal view on the most popular Canal of Amsterdam: Brouwersgracht. The apartment is completely for your private use. GUEST ACCESS You can watch Television, use our WIFI, but also wash and dry your clothes by making use of our wasmachine and dryer. The kitchen is equiped with everything you need: microwave, oven, toaster etc. NEIGHBORHOOD Our place is situated at one of the most beautiful spots of Amsterdam, we enjoy living here every day. It is quiet, but at the same time it is in the centre of the Jordaan: one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam. I","NEIGHBORHOOD Our place is situated at one of the most beautiful spots of Amsterdam, we enjoy living here every day. It is quiet, but at the same time it is in the centre of the Jordaan: one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam. It is a beautiful 15 minute walk along the canals to Dam square, the main square of Amsterdam. There are a lot of nice restaurants and bars just around the corner. But also nice clothing shops and about 5 supermarkets. On Mondays and Saturdays there is a great food market at the Noordermarkt, which is only a one minute walk!","FINDING YOUR WAY You can easily take the train from the Airport to Central Station of Amsterdam. The apartment is only a 10-15 minute walk from or to the Central Station of Amsterdam. There are also buses about 2 minutes from the apartment, but also a lot of trams which go in all directions about 4 minutes from the apartment.",
