"Cozy 3-room apartment on a canal in the heart of Amsterdam with a roof terrace for fantastic city views. Shopping, museums and bars within walking distance. Apartment is recently renovated and has all modern conveniences and fully equipped kitchen.","We have an apartment on the Singel canal in the center of Amsterdam (near the flower market). It is located on the top floor and has great views over the city, both from the apartment and from the roof terrace. We live here ourselves and rent it out when we go on holidays, so you should find everything in the apartment to make your stay comfortable.  Note: we just recently renovated the rear part of the house, the bedroom is now much lighter and more spacious with a new queen-size bed (160x200) with a very comfortable mattress, larger windows with a fabulous view, and a comfortable work space.  There is a small office with a convertible sofa that can sleep two additional guests if needed.","Cozy 3-room apartment on a canal in the heart of Amsterdam with a roof terrace for fantastic city views. Shopping, museums and bars within walking distance. Apartment is recently renovated and has all modern conveniences and fully equipped kitchen. We have an apartment on the Singel canal in the center of Amsterdam (near the flower market). It is located on the top floor and has great views over the city, both from the apartment and from the roof terrace. We live here ourselves and rent it out when we go on holidays, so you should find everything in the apartment to make your stay comfortable.  Note: we just recently renovated the rear part of the house, the bedroom is now much lighter and more spacious with a new queen-size bed (160x200) with a very comfortable mattress, larger windows with a fabulous view, and a comfortable work space.  There is a small office with a convertible sofa that can sleep two additional guests if needed. The whole apartment is available to guests, and the r","The apartment is right in the middle of the historic canal district. The main shopping streets like Kalverstraat, 9 straatjes, and Jordaan are in easy walking distance. We will happily share our tips for the best places to get cheese, bread, and other foods, where to go out for dinner etc. Most museums like the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Anne Frank House, and Rembrandthuis are at about 20 minutes walk along the canals, and the apartment is also close to the main going-out areas of the Leidssplein, Rembrandtplein, Reguliersdwarsstraat and Spui. ",There are two tram stops within 100 meters that serve practically all of Amsterdam. ,
