"Our beloved Lelie Apartment is a recently renovated canal - view apartment in the historical center of Amsterdam. Ideal for both B&B and short stay. The apartment has multiple floors that each offer an amazing view over two canals. It has a living room with fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms, a modern bathroom with bathtub and shower, and free TV and wireless internet. One bedroom has a double bed, the other two single beds.","Our Lelie Apartment is a recently renovated canal - view apartment in the historical center of Amsterdam. Ideal for both B&B and short stay. It can host up to 4 guests.  The location of this large apartment is incredible: a gorgeous and peaceful canal (the Leliegracht) in the very heart of Amsterdam. It lies at 0.5 miles from Central Station, 0.2 miles from the wonderful “Nine Streets” (Negen straatjes)  and the Jordaan shopping areas, and around the corner from historical must-visits such as the Anne Frank House. The apartment has multiple floors that each offer an amazing view over two canals. It has a living room with fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms, a modern bathroom with bathtub and shower, and free TV and wireless internet. One bedroom has a double bed, the other two single beds.","Our beloved Lelie Apartment is a recently renovated canal - view apartment in the historical center of Amsterdam. Ideal for both B&B and short stay. The apartment has multiple floors that each offer an amazing view over two canals. It has a living room with fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms, a modern bathroom with bathtub and shower, and free TV and wireless internet. One bedroom has a double bed, the other two single beds. Our Lelie Apartment is a recently renovated canal - view apartment in the historical center of Amsterdam. Ideal for both B&B and short stay. It can host up to 4 guests.  The location of this large apartment is incredible: a gorgeous and peaceful canal (the Leliegracht) in the very heart of Amsterdam. It lies at 0.5 miles from Central Station, 0.2 miles from the wonderful “Nine Streets” (Negen straatjes)  and the Jordaan shopping areas, and around the corner from historical must-visits such as the Anne Frank House. The apartment has multiple floors that each offer",,,
