"If you look outside the window in the living room you have an astonishing view over the Prinsengracht, which is listed on the Unesco World Heritage List. The apartment is situated in the middle of the centre of Amsterdam. ","The available space is 85m² with a terrace of 28m². The apartment has got high ceilings and a transparent layout. All spaces in the back of the house are facing the terrace.  Watching outside the window in the living room you have a beautiful view over the canal, the canal houses which where build in the 17th century and the linden-tree’s. The kitchen and bathroom are small but functional. The kitchen includes: dishwasher, stove (incl. oven) and micro-wave. The bathroom includes: a bath (with shower), a washing machine and a separate dryer. The living room is spacious with focus on a large dining table next to the window where you can sit privately. The master bedroom has a comfortable double bed, and a large HD television. This is a perfect place to sit down and relax after a day of walking. The second bedroom is a child’s room with a raised bed (90X200). We do have an extra camping bed so there is the opportunity to have two child’s sleeping in the room. ","If you look outside the window in the living room you have an astonishing view over the Prinsengracht, which is listed on the Unesco World Heritage List. The apartment is situated in the middle of the centre of Amsterdam.  The available space is 85m² with a terrace of 28m². The apartment has got high ceilings and a transparent layout. All spaces in the back of the house are facing the terrace.  Watching outside the window in the living room you have a beautiful view over the canal, the canal houses which where build in the 17th century and the linden-tree’s. The kitchen and bathroom are small but functional. The kitchen includes: dishwasher, stove (incl. oven) and micro-wave. The bathroom includes: a bath (with shower), a washing machine and a separate dryer. The living room is spacious with focus on a large dining table next to the window where you can sit privately. The master bedroom has a comfortable double bed, and a large HD television. This is a perfect place to sit down and rel","The apartment is located on the Prinsengracht. A unique location listed on the Unesco World Heritage List. The apartment is located in the Jordaan (a city district), 20 steps away from the Negen Straatjes. All highlights like, the popular museums, the Anne Frank house the music hall, the Vondelpark, the red-light district, the district de Pijp and so on, can easily reached by foot. The supermarket is 5 minutes away just like the many trendy shops, cafés and clubs. If you desire an evening at home but are not in for cooking you a can go to one of the many take a ways of great quality. For example, on the other side of the bridge is  Foodware, healthy and biological food. Around the corner, there are excellent pizza’s from the wood oven and so on.","From the central station there are three tram lines which take you close to the apartment. Schiphol (the airport) has good connections to the Central Station, it takes you twenty minutes by train. Of course you can take a taxi as well, it cost you about € 40, - to the apartment. Parking your car in the centre is extremely expensive (almost € 5, - an hour). If you come to Amsterdam by car the best you can do is park at PR Transferium on the Stadionplein. The rates starts from € 1, - a day. For their prices and conditions see the website: (Website hidden by Airbnb) From the PR Transferium it takes you about 20 minutes to reach the apartment by tram. ","We expect our guests to enjoy and feel at home. Just like we expect that our guests handle our apartment carefully. Please feel free to use all the equipment you need. If you see any defects please let us know as soon as you can, so we can offer help."
