"Beautiful monumental apartment, build in the year 1650, at an A-location in Amsterdam.  Located in the popular ""Jordaan"" district and voted most beautiful street in Amsterdam in 2007, the Brouwersgracht is the place to stay in Amsterdam. Our house is carefully decorated with a lot of objects and stuff we collected during our travels around the world. You will stay in a very cosy house, with a unique design and a warm heart for other cultures.","Beautiful monumental apartment, build in the year 1650, at an A-location in Amsterdam.  Located in the ""Jordaan"" district and voted most beautiful street in Amsterdam in 2007, the Brouwersgracht is the place to stay when you would like to enjoy Amsterdam. Our apartment's location has the unique combination of being in the centre of Amsterdam and within walking distance of bars, restaurants, several supermarkets, shopping streets, tourist attractions but still manages to be in a quiet and peaceful part of the city. Our house is carefully decorated with a lot of objects and stuff we collected during our travels around the world. You will stay in a very cosy house, with a unique design and a warm heart for other cultures. Our 70m2 apartment has a 15m2 roof terrace attached to it where you can enjoy the weather on our lounge set in all privacy. We have a living room with a lounge couch with views on the canals and big flat screen tv with blue ray player to enjoy a movie after a long day of","Beautiful monumental apartment, build in the year 1650, at an A-location in Amsterdam.  Located in the popular ""Jordaan"" district and voted most beautiful street in Amsterdam in 2007, the Brouwersgracht is the place to stay in Amsterdam. Our house is carefully decorated with a lot of objects and stuff we collected during our travels around the world. You will stay in a very cosy house, with a unique design and a warm heart for other cultures. Beautiful monumental apartment, build in the year 1650, at an A-location in Amsterdam.  Located in the ""Jordaan"" district and voted most beautiful street in Amsterdam in 2007, the Brouwersgracht is the place to stay when you would like to enjoy Amsterdam. Our apartment's location has the unique combination of being in the centre of Amsterdam and within walking distance of bars, restaurants, several supermarkets, shopping streets, tourist attractions but still manages to be in a quiet and peaceful part of the city. Our house is carefully decorated ","The neighborhood is one more thing which makes this apartment so great. Located in the ""Jordaan"" district (which is on the UNESCO world heritage list) with views onto the canal, you are in the middle of the most beautiful and old part of Amsterdam and get a chance to enjoy the city the way the locals do. To give you a good idea of how central the apartment is located (also see map with pictures) - 1 minute walk from the ""Haarlemmerstraat/Haarlemmerdijk"" which was voted ""best shopping street in the Netherlands in 2012.  - 2 minute walk to the ""Lindengracht Market"", which is held every Saturday where you can enjoy the way Dutch people do their shopping and enjoy a ""raw herring"" if you dare!   - 4 minute walk to the ""Noordermarkt"" which has a organic food market (Saturday) and vintage/antiques market (Monday) - 5 minute walk from the ""Westerpark”, a spacious park where you can enjoy the scenery, sport, go to the cinema, eat, drink or just relax. - 10 minute walk to the Anne Frank house. -",Located 15 min walk from Amsterdam Central Station and 3 minute walk from the nearest bus stop.  From the aiport the train takes about 15 minutes to Amsterdam central station. A taxi from the airport will take approximatily 30 minutes,"Please threat the house with care and enjoy your time in our apartment in a way that you don't bother anybody else. We have a list of house rules / how things work available when you arrive . We have a cat which we can bring to friends for the time that you are in the apartment. But if you like animals you will love this cat, he is low maintenance and very chilled out and loves two things; food and cuddles. So there is also the option that we leave him in the apartment, it's up to you."
