,"Canal house (end 17th century) with great view directly at one of the most beautiful canals of the old city centre of Amsterdam. The location of our house is right in the centre of the old city's heart but nevertheless peacefull. Our house has three floors: on the ground level you enter the house in the 'office'. In the back of the house at ground level you find a bathroom with shower and the master bedroom with a double entry door to the garden/court of about 25 m2.  On the first floor are situated the living room with a spectacular view on our canal (and tower) and at the back side of the house a big kitchen, including a dining table for 8 people. The kitchen includes a dishwasser,a nespresso coffee machine, and all regular kitchen devices you might require. On the second floor there are two bedrooms, one with 2 seperate beds and one bedroom with 1 bed, at this floor there is also a bathroom with a bath and here you also find the washing machine. Every floor has a toilet. Our house i","Canal house (end 17th century) with great view directly at one of the most beautiful canals of the old city centre of Amsterdam. The location of our house is right in the centre of the old city's heart but nevertheless peacefull. Our house has three floors: on the ground level you enter the house in the 'office'. In the back of the house at ground level you find a bathroom with shower and the master bedroom with a double entry door to the garden/court of about 25 m2.  On the first floor are situated the living room with a spectacular view on our canal (and tower) and at the back side of the house a big kitchen, including a dining table for 8 people. The kitchen includes a dishwasser,a nespresso coffee machine, and all regular kitchen devices you might require. On the second floor there are two bedrooms, one with 2 seperate beds and one bedroom with 1 bed, at this floor there is also a bathroom with a bath and here you also find the washing machine. Every floor has a toilet. Our house i",,,"It is an old house with close neighbours on both sides, so we kindly but firmly ask you to refrain from excessivef noisemaking, parties or loud music. Also outside not to make loud noise or stay till late in the garden; it is a family house, we live in it and we prefer family's to rent it we don't want to rent to students or groups of young adults"
