"Apartment in the souterrain of a canal house located at the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam; the Brouwersgracht. The apartment is quiet and has a garden with barbecue. It's a terrific place for families with kids, for couples and friends. Our family will welcome you with great pleasure!","The apartment is approximately 65 square meters and it's one big studio. The apartment can house up to 4 people. We have one double bed and two sleeping sofas for another 2 persons each. A mathematician would notice that this would imply that there are 6 beds in the apartment, but unfortunately due to Amsterdam regulations we are only allowed to host 4 guests at a time. We can however make up the three beds for you if you are with 3 or 4 guests so you all have some extra space. The apartment has a bathroom with a bath, shower and toilet. In the studio, there is a kitchenette with a combi microwave/oven, kettle, stove, fridge, plates, pots & pans and utensils. We also have a television (with a Playstation 2!!) and wifi available. You will have access to our garden and feel free to use our barbecue there.","Apartment in the souterrain of a canal house located at the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam; the Brouwersgracht. The apartment is quiet and has a garden with barbecue. It's a terrific place for families with kids, for couples and friends. Our family will welcome you with great pleasure! The apartment is approximately 65 square meters and it's one big studio. The apartment can house up to 4 people. We have one double bed and two sleeping sofas for another 2 persons each. A mathematician would notice that this would imply that there are 6 beds in the apartment, but unfortunately due to Amsterdam regulations we are only allowed to host 4 guests at a time. We can however make up the three beds for you if you are with 3 or 4 guests so you all have some extra space. The apartment has a bathroom with a bath, shower and toilet. In the studio, there is a kitchenette with a combi microwave/oven, kettle, stove, fridge, plates, pots & pans and utensils. We also have a television (with a Playstat","The apartment is located at the Brouwersgracht, the most beautiful canal in Amsterdam (according to the local and national press). It is also conveniently located in the heart of the Jordaan district, an area known for its beautiful canals, historic buildings and relaxed atmosphere. In the area there is a huge variety of small local shops, cafes and restaurants. Feel free to ask us for recommendations! On Mondays and Saturdays there is a street market just around the corner with great food, books and art. The Central Station, Anne Frank house, a number of other museums and historic locations and the red light district are all within walking distance. Public transportation and grocery stores are within a few minutes away.","The best way to get around in Amsterdam is by bike. Feel free to ask us for recommendations where to rent them. A lot of spots are in walking distance from the apartment, but there is also public transportation available if you are uncomfortable with a bicycle. Trams and buses in all directions stop within a 5 minute walk from our house. Some highlights: - Anne Frank house is on walking distance (10-15 min) - Central Station is on walking distance (10-15 min) - Red Light district is on walking distance (15-20 min) - Street markets on Monday and Saturday on walking distance: (1 min) - Van Gogh museum: (15 minutes by tram or bike) - Rijksmuseum: (15 min by tram or bike) - Dam square is on walking distance: (15 min) If you want to park your car, we recommend parking them in a garage. There is street parking in front and around the house, but this costs 4-5 euros per hour and about 40 euros a day. You can park your car in one of the garages near the central station for 20 euros per day. We","No smoking is allowed in the apartment, you can smoke outside in the garden. check in time: around 14.00 o'clock , it's possible to leave your luggage earlier check out time: 11.00 o'clock"
