"Spacious 200m2 apartment in Monumental Villa directly along the Keizersgracht Canal. 150 m2 private roofgarden. Sleeps 4/5 adults 2/3 kids. Chic Center, walking to: Botanical gardens, Opera, Zoo, Royal Theater & Hermitage, Musea +Restaurants.","Vey charming, warm, stylish apartment in Amsterdams most beautiful old Monumental Building 'Villa Einstein' directly along the Canal.  The living room has got a high ceiling (4.5 m2) and 9 huge windows and is for that reason very light and bright. Two double doors directly towards the private roofgarden (same level as the living room). The 4,5 meter long dining table and the fire place are the cosy places to hang out. The atmosphere and style is relaxed with a vintage feel. We have one amazing master double bedroom with beautiful ensuite bathroom. Then we have a simple guest room with a double bed. And a rooms for kids with 2 beds: an adult bed (a proper single adult bed for someone who doesn't mind wallpaper with elephants and parrots) and a kids bed, there is a baby bed (camping bed as well) . Next to the big bath room there is a smaller bathroom. From the tub of the big bathroom you can enjoy the canal view! We have all you need in the kitchen. Coffee, roaster, slow juicer etc etc. ","Spacious 200m2 apartment in Monumental Villa directly along the Keizersgracht Canal. 150 m2 private roofgarden. Sleeps 4/5 adults 2/3 kids. Chic Center, walking to: Botanical gardens, Opera, Zoo, Royal Theater & Hermitage, Musea +Restaurants. Vey charming, warm, stylish apartment in Amsterdams most beautiful old Monumental Building 'Villa Einstein' directly along the Canal.  The living room has got a high ceiling (4.5 m2) and 9 huge windows and is for that reason very light and bright. Two double doors directly towards the private roofgarden (same level as the living room). The 4,5 meter long dining table and the fire place are the cosy places to hang out. The atmosphere and style is relaxed with a vintage feel. We have one amazing master double bedroom with beautiful ensuite bathroom. Then we have a simple guest room with a double bed. And a rooms for kids with 2 beds: an adult bed (a proper single adult bed for someone who doesn't mind wallpaper with elephants and parrots) and a kids","We live in the quite chic green area in between the Botanical Gardens and the Zoo (both 3 min walk) . On walking distance as well from the Opera House, The Hermitage Museum. A 5/10 minute walk to the Royal Carre Theater, The Tropen Museum, and the Center of the City. When you cross the near by Skinny bridge you are in the cute city center within 15 minutes. When you rent a bike you can be anywhere in Amsterdam Center in 10 minutes. WE have a lot of coffee and lunch places, restaurants and bars around the corner!",Tram and metro stop 1 minute walk.,Be respectful towards the other neighbors in the building.
