Recently renovated two bedroom appartment with canal view and gas fireplace. Perfectly equipped for à family with young children. Sunny balcony and garden. Situated in a quiet and child friendly neighberhood with lunchrooms and restaurants around the corner. Museum area and old centre just five a minutes walk away.,"Recently renovated appartment (two floors) with a lot of original details. Bedrooms and bathroom on the ground floor. On the first floor a spacy livingroom with a superb view over the canal and a sunny balcony at the garden side. There is an open, modern and very complete kitchen.  We have two bedrooms: a master bedroom and a room with children beds. A cot bed is available. ","Recently renovated two bedroom appartment with canal view and gas fireplace. Perfectly equipped for à family with young children. Sunny balcony and garden. Situated in a quiet and child friendly neighberhood with lunchrooms and restaurants around the corner. Museum area and old centre just five a minutes walk away. Recently renovated appartment (two floors) with a lot of original details. Bedrooms and bathroom on the ground floor. On the first floor a spacy livingroom with a superb view over the canal and a sunny balcony at the garden side. There is an open, modern and very complete kitchen.  We have two bedrooms: a master bedroom and a room with children beds. A cot bed is available.  Access to all relevant equipment (kitchen, bathroom, LED television, Wifi, etc). But also use of the buggies, baby gear and toys for the children including a trampoline in the garden.  The third bedroom is being used as storage for our personal belongings. Prior to a reservation we would like to have ema","It's a quiet and child friendly neighberhood, just around the corner of all Amsterdam highlights. There are nice lunch rooms and restaurants, Vondelpark to go to with children or to go to for some running. ","Public transport is very nearby. From Schiphol airport you can take a train and then local public transport to our address. However, we always take a direct taxi transfer for our family for approximateky €35. We can deliver contact details of a reliable company.  Parking your own car is possible in the street, but not very cheap in Amsterdam.","We expect that our guests use our house as they would like others to do with theirs. Don't make it a mess, clean up if necessary and don't party until late hours. It is a family house, so don't smoke inside. If you can't withhold smoking, please step outside on the balcony.   Finally, pets are not allowed."
