"This charming canal house of 75m2 is in a wonderfully central location and is ideal for a single, a couple or a small family. Everything this beautiful city has to offer in walking distance. Overlooking the canal, the house has many lovely features. Please note: 1 bedroom for adults and 1 for kids. Only suitable for a single or a couple or a single/couple with kid. NOT suitable for 3 adults. The house comes with heating, towels and bedlinen.","The living room is on the first floor (only reachable by a typical Dutch steep staircase) and contains a comfy couch, a piano, toys and a flat screen TV (with Netflix). The kitchen area is situated on the ground floor and comes complete with an oven, a hob, a grill, a microwave, blender and everything else needed to prepare a perfect dish. The main bedroom is situated on the 2nd floor has a double bed. The bathroom has recently been renovated and has a very chic design. It is fitted out with a toilet, a designer washbasin, an elegantly lit mirror and a spacious glass door shower. For your comfort there is an iron and board, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a hairdryer, linen, towels, and a hi-speed Internet connection. In a superb location, this is a great place to explore Amsterdam.","This charming canal house of 75m2 is in a wonderfully central location and is ideal for a single, a couple or a small family. Everything this beautiful city has to offer in walking distance. Overlooking the canal, the house has many lovely features. Please note: 1 bedroom for adults and 1 for kids. Only suitable for a single or a couple or a single/couple with kid. NOT suitable for 3 adults. The house comes with heating, towels and bedlinen. The living room is on the first floor (only reachable by a typical Dutch steep staircase) and contains a comfy couch, a piano, toys and a flat screen TV (with Netflix). The kitchen area is situated on the ground floor and comes complete with an oven, a hob, a grill, a microwave, blender and everything else needed to prepare a perfect dish. The main bedroom is situated on the 2nd floor has a double bed. The bathroom has recently been renovated and has a very chic design. It is fitted out with a toilet, a designer washbasin, an elegantly lit mirror a","The canal house is situated in a wonderful position on the Canal Belt, renowned for its incredible design and picturesque image. This desirable location combines conveniently with proximity to many of Amsterdam’s most popular attractions, including the lively Rembrandtplein, which is reachable in just one minute on foot. Bursting with jovial bars, trendy nightclubs and a variety of restaurants, this entertainment hotspot provides a superb range of nightlife options to suit all tastes. For a more relaxed evening, head to the nearby Tuschinski Theatre, a sanctuary for all film enthusiasts. This 1920s movie palace is considered to be one of the world’s most beautiful cinemas, welcoming visitors with a magnificent main auditorium. Cultural venues are also close at hand, with the Foam Photography Museum , the Geelvinck Hinlopen House and the delightful Museum of Bags and Purses all available within metres of your doorstep. The capital’s iconic Dam Square can be reached on foot in less than ","Within a 5 min walk you will be at the tramstop for line 16, 9, 4. The 4, 9 and 16 will connect you quickly to Central Station (10 min), tram 9 to the famous Zoo Artis (4 min) and tram 4 to the Albert Cuyp market (5 min). Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and the van Gogh are a 15 min walk.",
