"Lovely apartment on the ground floor with private garden in a friendly location at 1 minute walking from the Vondelpark,NEAR CITY CENTER! You will find a nice living room, 2 modern bathrooms, fully-equipped Kitchen and a GARDEN!","Enjoy your stay in Amsterdam in this stylish, sleek and modern  home near the center of Amsterdam! The living room is beautifully designed letting in light with a  spacious layout it keeps relaxation in mind. Kick off your shoes and relax on the couch. The master bedroom is fitted with a comfortable double bed and has a soothing ambience.  The kitchen has plenty of space so you can let loose and cook until your heart's content in this well equipped kitchen. If you want to soak up some sun, you can do so in the lovely garden which is like an oasis of peace and tranquility. APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS * GARDEN * FREE WIFI * Washing Machine & Dryer * Fully-equipped Kitchen * NEAR CITY CENTER","Lovely apartment on the ground floor with private garden in a friendly location at 1 minute walking from the Vondelpark,NEAR CITY CENTER! You will find a nice living room, 2 modern bathrooms, fully-equipped Kitchen and a GARDEN! Enjoy your stay in Amsterdam in this stylish, sleek and modern  home near the center of Amsterdam! The living room is beautifully designed letting in light with a  spacious layout it keeps relaxation in mind. Kick off your shoes and relax on the couch. The master bedroom is fitted with a comfortable double bed and has a soothing ambience.  The kitchen has plenty of space so you can let loose and cook until your heart's content in this well equipped kitchen. If you want to soak up some sun, you can do so in the lovely garden which is like an oasis of peace and tranquility. APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS * GARDEN * FREE WIFI * Washing Machine & Dryer * Fully-equipped Kitchen * NEAR CITY CENTER You will have full access to the entire house. Make yourself at home! Feel free ","The neighbourhood is quiet and peacefull, a lot of young people and young families live here. Within 10-15 minutes from the centre of town. Plenty of Shops, cafe's and restaurants around the area. The Vondelpark is a real pleasure being just a minute away. The museum area with Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and others are only 10 minutes by tram.","By bike or foot you can go through the Vondelpark and get out at the Leidseplein. Tram 1, 2 and 17 are nearby as well as bus 15. From Schiphol it is approx 20 minutes by public transport and 10 minutes by car. 2 minutes by car from the highway A10.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down, especially when entering the complex. After all, you share the building with other people living there. All in all: we kindly ask you to respect your neighbours;  - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mail man, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - We guarantee a clean house when checking in. When checking out, please leave the apartment closely to the same state as it was provided to you, in order to avoid double cleaning charges;  - No music after 22:00;  - Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - Make sure to turn off the lights, heating and gas nozzle when it is not needed - respect the environment;  - No house parties;  - Please do not park your bikes directly in front of the apartment, but in a designated area only;  - Please be aware of the check i"
