,"Fully renovated in 2012, private entrance, luxurious, south facing balcony, quiet surrounding, The apartment is part of a monumental building with many beautiful architectural details. It has been fully renovated and elevated to today's standard of modern and comfortable living. Next to the living room and the fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, freezer, coffee machine, water cooker, dishwasher) there are 2 bedrooms with 1 double bed and 1 bunk bed, a bathroom with wc, bath and separate shower, a separate second wc and a separate room for the washing machine and dryer.  The apartment has a canal view from the living room in the front and a south facing balcony behind. Although the apartment is located in the city centre, the surrounding of the apartment is very quiet (Website hidden by Airbnb) All modern conveniences are available: flatscreen tv in living room and master bedroom (with international channels) and free wifi. Possibilities to wine and dine are","Fully renovated in 2012, private entrance, luxurious, south facing balcony, quiet surrounding, The apartment is part of a monumental building with many beautiful architectural details. It has been fully renovated and elevated to today's standard of modern and comfortable living. Next to the living room and the fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, freezer, coffee machine, water cooker, dishwasher) there are 2 bedrooms with 1 double bed and 1 bunk bed, a bathroom with wc, bath and separate shower, a separate second wc and a separate room for the washing machine and dryer.  The apartment has a canal view from the living room in the front and a south facing balcony behind. Although the apartment is located in the city centre, the surrounding of the apartment is very quiet (Website hidden by Airbnb) All modern conveniences are available: flatscreen tv in living room and master bedroom (with international channels) and free wifi. Possibilities to wine and dine are",,,
