,"SPACIOUS FAMILY APARTMENT (160 M2) NEAR VONDELPARK Double, spacious apartment on 3th floor. The house is in a friendly and atmospheric neighbourhood (called Golden West), 100 metres from the famous Vondelpark. The tram is at the corner, but you can also go by foot or bike through the Vondelpark to the centre: Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leidseplein. It’s a very safe area. We have a large, comfortable living room with sight to the Vondelpark and lots of sunlight falling inside. High ceilings with original details. In the front is a stylish, 19th century balcony. Kitchen with all equipment (coffee maker, microwave, dishwasher, water boiler, cooker, fridge) and doors to big balcony.  Because it’s a double apartment, it’s a perfect place to stay with more people, for example a family. There are 3 bedrooms, one of them with a double bed (Auping). The other two rooms are for kids but the beds have the normal size, so also adults can sleep here. One of these rooms has a bed-settee, for an e","SPACIOUS FAMILY APARTMENT (160 M2) NEAR VONDELPARK Double, spacious apartment on 3th floor. The house is in a friendly and atmospheric neighbourhood (called Golden West), 100 metres from the famous Vondelpark. The tram is at the corner, but you can also go by foot or bike through the Vondelpark to the centre: Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leidseplein. It’s a very safe area. We have a large, comfortable living room with sight to the Vondelpark and lots of sunlight falling inside. High ceilings with original details. In the front is a stylish, 19th century balcony. Kitchen with all equipment (coffee maker, microwave, dishwasher, water boiler, cooker, fridge) and doors to big balcony.  Because it’s a double apartment, it’s a perfect place to stay with more people, for example a family. There are 3 bedrooms, one of them with a double bed (Auping). The other two rooms are for kids but the beds have the normal size, so also adults can sleep here. One of these rooms has a bed-settee, for an e",,,We only rent our appartment to families with children or older couples.
