"NOTE: for long term staying (1 month and more) no over charges for extra guests (within the defined amount of guests agreed). Located in the center of Amsterdam, Casa Bacco has an incredible tranquility and yet at 10 minutes walking from the most attractions: Museum quarter, night life, shopping area....","The apartment is about 70m² on the first floor with 2 bedroom; one with a double bed, and the second one with a single bed  becoming a fill 160x200 cm. A WC and a separate conformable bathroom that includes a bathtub. The kitchen is fully equipped and is in a corner of the living room and includes a oven as well. Located in the center of Amsterdam, Casa Bacco has an incredible tranquility and yet at 10 minutes walking from the most attractions; squares, Museums and nightlife. Beside Rembrandtplein, Leidseplein and the folkloric area called De Pijp with its famous market Albert Cuyp Markt, de Dam and the red light district is at 5 minutes with the tram.  Restaurants of any ethnic and shops are all over around the area. The building includes an elevator after 5 steps. Perfect spot to begin your journey in Amsterdam. I suggest you rent a bicycle (fits in Dutch). You find 3 different tram lines at 20 meters away from the exit of the building and the metro at 7 minutes walking. What makes m","NOTE: for long term staying (1 month and more) no over charges for extra guests (within the defined amount of guests agreed). Located in the center of Amsterdam, Casa Bacco has an incredible tranquility and yet at 10 minutes walking from the most attractions: Museum quarter, night life, shopping area.... The apartment is about 70m² on the first floor with 2 bedroom; one with a double bed, and the second one with a single bed  becoming a fill 160x200 cm. A WC and a separate conformable bathroom that includes a bathtub. The kitchen is fully equipped and is in a corner of the living room and includes a oven as well. Located in the center of Amsterdam, Casa Bacco has an incredible tranquility and yet at 10 minutes walking from the most attractions; squares, Museums and nightlife. Beside Rembrandtplein, Leidseplein and the folkloric area called De Pijp with its famous market Albert Cuyp Markt, de Dam and the red light district is at 5 minutes with the tram.  Restaurants of any ethnic and sh","The neighborhood is Center (or centrum in NL). Yet, the apartment i located in a side street that is not often used. Main roads are away from there. Nevertheless, in walking distances, you have about everything you would expect from Amsterdam! Example: walk 5 minutes and you can find a nice boat trip harbor in the canal!!!!","Literately less than one minute walk in 2 different directions from the building door, you have 3 different tram stops! 4,  7 and 10. They basically can take you anywhere you need to. From business quarter to Amsterdam city life. With 15 minutes walk you have a Metro station. And soon it will be 5 minutes walk as they are working on a new Metro line. If you come by car, you should better look for a parking outside the center. I suggest P+R. Its a very low cost parking that the City of Amsterdam have created in few part of the city:  http: //goo(dot)gl/0dE8us (take the space out between the http: and the //. Than replace the (dot) with a real dot.) Sorry for the shorten url but the system hide any normal internet address. If you come by air, and need help to arrive to Casa Bacco, beside the mentioned routes, I can request a taxi for you. In this case, we will have to communicate so that I can have all the needed details and you as well to find your taxi.","- This is a building were most of the people live a regular daily life. Rules of common sense exist also in The Netherlands. I ask you to respect the peace, privacy and tranquility of the neighbors’. Don’t make too much noise after 21:00 (9pm), DO NOT MAKE PARTIES AT HOME - Do not be overly noisy also in the street where the apartment is located. The neighbors will get annoyed and no one wants them to call the police. - Keep the TV or other sounds producer devices (example: iPod, Laptop…) in decent soft level. - No one beside the agreed people will sleep in the apartment as per agreement. Nor adding an extra person without the previews agreement with the house owner/contact person. In other words, when booking, short, medium or long term, the guest/s MUST remain as agreed.  Failing to do so, the host has the rights to request the guest/s to leave without refunding. - The guarantee will be returned by AIRB&B as long as the apartment condition (and all that it includes) is the same as it"
