"This quiet room for one offers a nice place to stay in Amsterdam-Oost. On your floor is also a two persons room available. Guests share their own shower, bathroom and kitchenette as well as the sitting area on the other side of the ensuite doors of this room. The room advertised here is a one persons room. If you fly into Europe, id love it if you compensated for your CO2-emisssion. When you let me know you did i will give you a little discount. Also for when you travel by train or bus.","Hello! I have two rooms to offer at the moment for BnB customers who want to enjoy Amsterdam from their own little den in Amsterdam-Oost. Here you can make a reservation for the single room that sleeps one person. For the double room, please check the other listing under Casa Vrolik Amsterdam 2pp. Please feel free to inquire for a nicer price to book the two rooms at the same time if not booked yet. The house I live in with cat Roky is a non-smoking home. You will have your own bedroom, a key to the house, kitchenette with oven, Clooney-machine (Nespresso that is), fridge and hot water boiler. With the occupants of the other room you share the kitchenette in the hallway, a bathroom with shower and little sink, a separate toilet and a little dining/sitting room on the same floor.  The Casa Vrolik house is an old house in a friendly neighborhood, near Oosterpark. The house sits near Muiderpoort  and Amstel Stations. Tram 9 and the metro take you to and from Central Station to my place wi","This quiet room for one offers a nice place to stay in Amsterdam-Oost. On your floor is also a two persons room available. Guests share their own shower, bathroom and kitchenette as well as the sitting area on the other side of the ensuite doors of this room. The room advertised here is a one persons room. If you fly into Europe, id love it if you compensated for your CO2-emisssion. When you let me know you did i will give you a little discount. Also for when you travel by train or bus. Hello! I have two rooms to offer at the moment for BnB customers who want to enjoy Amsterdam from their own little den in Amsterdam-Oost. Here you can make a reservation for the single room that sleeps one person. For the double room, please check the other listing under Casa Vrolik Amsterdam 2pp. Please feel free to inquire for a nicer price to book the two rooms at the same time if not booked yet. The house I live in with cat Roky is a non-smoking home. You will have your own bedroom, a key to the hou","'Oost got the most', we say to each other. From a bit dodgy in the 'nineties' to booming and nice living, studying and working area these days...!","New tram- and bus routes in Amsterdam, i'll soon update this info. For now: just take tram 4 to Ceintuurbaan from Amsterdam Centraal Station (CS) and change there to the 3 going East to corner Oosterpark, at OLVG. Walk to the Beukenplein. At your left hand you will see Ekodis at the far end of the square, and there is our block in Vrolikstraat to the left. House is all the way at the end of this block on your right hand side! One before the corner Eikenweg. The metro's 50/51 and 53 run from Centraal Station straight to Oosterparkbuurt.  The metro takes 6 minutes from CS and then 11 minute walk: stop Wibautstraat.  Trainstation Amsterdam Muiderpoort 6 minute ride from CS and 11 minute walk through Domselaerstraat. Exit the station at 8/9 side! Walk through Domselaerstraat and cross the busy street. Zig zag through Tweede Oosterparkstraat and Kastanje plein and Derde Oosterparkstraat to Eikenplein, go left there, almost at the corner Vrolikstraat you see our door at 198 II. Name at the b","I like people to enjoy themselves, and ask me when they need help or need an extra opinion ('van Gogh' or 'tropenmuseum'? -- 'bikes' or 'walking' ? ;) ) I think the house gives you a great place to live in for a few days. Enough space in the little diner and so much to do in our neighborhood!  Bring your laptop or iPad and internet is here for you. Be nice to eachother and enjoy the good life! The cats should be talked to and listened too. And its a non- smoking house."
