Beautifull two persons suite with the use of all facilities and outside terraces for you to relax in comfort and privatly experience living on a houseboat.,"Staying on a houseboat is special, because of the always changing water and scenery. Every moment of the day the view is different. This boat is very comfortable, charming, light and gezellig (typical Dutch word). The kitchen and livingroom are one big space and there is an (open) woodburner.  Kitchen In the kitchen you will find a Nespresso machine, toaster, microwave, oven, gaz range cooker, fridge and deepfreeze and all basic condiments. Bathroom The boat has a big bathroom with jacuzzi. Beds The houseboat suite is a spacious bedroom and in the livingroom there are two comfortable oneperson sofabeds.  Climate Thanks to a modern central heating system it never gets cold in the boat. Even during heavy winters it stays warm inside. In the summer there are two aircoolers and two ventilators available in the boat. Children In case of children:  In the house you'll find a high-chair, a comfortable babybed wit a real matrass, blanket and sheets Outside There are several possibilites to sit","Beautifull two persons suite with the use of all facilities and outside terraces for you to relax in comfort and privatly experience living on a houseboat. Staying on a houseboat is special, because of the always changing water and scenery. Every moment of the day the view is different. This boat is very comfortable, charming, light and gezellig (typical Dutch word). The kitchen and livingroom are one big space and there is an (open) woodburner.  Kitchen In the kitchen you will find a Nespresso machine, toaster, microwave, oven, gaz range cooker, fridge and deepfreeze and all basic condiments. Bathroom The boat has a big bathroom with jacuzzi. Beds The houseboat suite is a spacious bedroom and in the livingroom there are two comfortable oneperson sofabeds.  Climate Thanks to a modern central heating system it never gets cold in the boat. Even during heavy winters it stays warm inside. In the summer there are two aircoolers and two ventilators available in the boat. Children In case of ","At the boat you will find a guide with information about every neighbourhood of Amsterdam. The location of the housboat is very central and you can easily start discovering Amsterdam by foot or by bike.  Tips in the neighbourhood: Hutspot, Bakker Brood, Village Bagel, Albert Cuyp markt, De Ysbreeker, restaurant/bar BAUT, Sarphatipark, boatcruise, rent bikes, Paradiso, ferry over the IJ (free), etc.","Getting to the boat Schiphol airport: - Taxi: between €35,- or €50,- - Train: to Amsterdam Central Station and than take the metro (you need a OV-chipkaart to use public trasport) From metrostation Weesperplein: - Take exit Sarphatistraat, when up turn right and cross the bridge (over the Amstel River). - Go left after the bridge and follow the Sarphatikade until number 18/W. Car: You can park your car in the sarphatikade but it’s pricy. Free parking (outside city centre):  - Diemen: Diemerdreef, 1112CK Diemen (highway ringroad A10, exit S112). Metro to get to the boat: 53 with direction Amsterdam centre and get out at Weesperplein - Amstelveen: Bouwerij, 1185 XW Amstelveen (highway A9, exit Amstelveen). Metro to get to the boat: 51 with direction Amsterdam centre and get out at Weesperplein Public transport Amsterdam You need a OV-chipkaart to make use of the train/metro/tram/bus - Metro: numbers 51, 53 and 54, station Weesperplein - Tram: stop Oosteinde (7 and 10) and Frederiksplein ",No smoking inside! No party and please keep our neighbours happy :-)
