In the middle of the centre of Amsterdam and very suiteble for families with kids.,"Lovely monumental 4 level house in Jordaan near Leidsesquare. Unique, quiet hide away spot in middle of the center! Walking distance to all museums, theatres, shopping areas and restaurants.The house has 3 double bedrooms + 1 babyroom, 2 bathrooms: 1 with Jacuzzi, 1 with rainshower, great sound system, Wifi, large flatscreen in living and in 1 bedroom, big terras/sundeck.  Ground Floor:  Diningroom with a spacious dining table for 8 persons. Kitchen equiped with oven, microwave, dishwasher etc. Separate storage with washer and dryer.  1st Floor: Livingroom with sofa, flatscreen. Bathroom nr.1 with jacuzi and toilet. Sundeck garden.  2nd Floor: Bedroom nr.1 with double bed and flatscreen. Bedroom nr.2 simple double bedroom with airobed. Bathroom nr.2 with rainshower and toilet.  3rd Floor:  Bedroom nr.3 with double bed. Bedroom nr.4 with babybed (0-3 yrs) Short summary of facts: Historic building of 150 m2 in the “Jordaan/Leidseplein District”.  With 6 sleeps + 1 babybed 2 double beds, ","Lovely monumental 4 level house in Jordaan near Leidsesquare. Unique, quiet hide away spot in middle of the center! Walking distance to all museums, theatres, shopping areas and restaurants.The house has 3 double bedrooms + 1 babyroom, 2 bathrooms: 1 with Jacuzzi, 1 with rainshower, great sound system, Wifi, large flatscreen in living and in 1 bedroom, big terras/sundeck.  Ground Floor:  Diningroom with a spacious dining table for 8 persons. Kitchen equiped with oven, microwave, dishwasher etc. Separate storage with washer and dryer.  1st Floor: Livingroom with sofa, flatscreen. Bathroom nr.1 with jacuzi and toilet. Sundeck garden.  2nd Floor: Bedroom nr.1 with double bed and flatscreen. Bedroom nr.2 simple double bedroom with airobed. Bathroom nr.2 with rainshower and toilet.  3rd Floor:  Bedroom nr.3 with double bed. Bedroom nr.4 with babybed (0-3 yrs) Short summary of facts: Historic building of 150 m2 in the “Jordaan/Leidseplein District”.  With 6 sleeps + 1 babybed 2 double beds, ",,Al public transport is 50 meters away.,"1. Check in: after 13.00pm. Check in is flexible, but depends on if guests before you are checking out. Guests that arrive before that time can swing by in order to drop off your bags and get the key of the apartment from me, so you don't have to drag your luggaga until you're able to drop in.  2. Check out: before 10.00am. For checking out the same service is offered: guests that will leave the city later than 12.00 can leave their bags and hold on to the keys until they leave Amsterdam.  3. It's a non smoking house, smoking is easy on the roofterras or in front of the house. If you smoke in the house we will charge €500,- for cleaning if you smoke in the house. There is plenty place to smoke outside on the terras.  4. For Wifi you get the code.  5. You can use everything in the kitchen and the bathroom.  6. Please be gentle to the neighboors.  7. sheets and towels are included."
