"((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me email)) The room is on the first floor at the front side of our four floor apartment in a renovated canal house, which dates from 1930. It has a lovely canal view.  The room (22m2)has a private shower and toilet, directly accessible from the room; tv, free WI-FI, a king size double bed, fridge, coffee and tea facilities. Weekly and monthly rate available.","((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me email)) The room is on the first floor at the front side of a renovated canal house, which dates from 1930. It has a lovely canal view.  The room (22m2)has a private shower and toilet, directly accessible from the room; tv, free WI-FI, a king size double bed, fridge, coffee and tea facilities.  Breakfast is available at extra costs on request and will be served in a box in your room or at our dining table(subject to availability)  Weekly and monthly rate available.  Our home is located in the old town centre of Amsterdam, only a 5 minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station. Most attractions are at walking distance. Museum Square (Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh museum) can be reached within 10 minutes by tram number 2 or 5. From Central Station you can take local trams and buses and national and international train services.  The owner speaks English, Dutch and some French. If you have any questi","((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me email)) The room is on the first floor at the front side of our four floor apartment in a renovated canal house, which dates from 1930. It has a lovely canal view.  The room (22m2)has a private shower and toilet, directly accessible from the room; tv, free WI-FI, a king size double bed, fridge, coffee and tea facilities. Weekly and monthly rate available. ((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me email)) The room is on the first floor at the front side of a renovated canal house, which dates from 1930. It has a lovely canal view.  The room (22m2)has a private shower and toilet, directly accessible from the room; tv, free WI-FI, a king size double bed, fridge, coffee and tea facilities.  Breakfast is available at extra costs on request and will be served in a box in your room or at our dining table(subject to availability)  Weekly and mo","Residents live in the heart of the city - but that does mean avoiding the occasional wayward tourists on bicycles or revelling party-goers. With the building of the Amsterdam Public Library, one can not only enjoy one of Europe's largest public collections but also the expansive view of Amsterdam Centre from the roof-top café. Southeast of Centraal Station, Oudezijds lays between the city's red carpet Damrak and the scenic Oude Schans canal. It is capped on its southern end by the River Amstel. The Red Light District only takes up a small portion: within a triangle roughly formed by Centraal Station and the two main squares, Dam and Nieuwmarkt.","We are away 4min walk from Amsterdam Central Station and from there a public any transport to the city or other EU counties. Amsterdam is a wonderfully walkable city, with most major sites in or near the city centre. For attractions that are further away, public transport is excellent and driving is strongly discouraged within the canal ring. Most tram stop at Amsterdam Central Station","HOUSEHOLD RULES. Inappropriate use of rooms and beds, etc is not acceptable. Any damage to property will be charge.  If the situation occurs again you will be required to check out. Loud music not acceptable  NON-SMOKING POLICY Smoking is prohibited in all interior areas - not even at an open window. Each room has a smoke detector."
