"Stunning views from the rooftop terrace or chilling out in summertime. Space, comfort, central location.  Ideal for 4 people or a couple.","Located in the heart of Amsterdam next to Westerpark. Just a 5 minutes walk from the very popular (and typical Amsterdam) Jordaan neighbourhood and Amsterdam nicest shopping street Haarlemmerdijk. It’s 15 minutes by public transport from Amsterdam Central Station. The neighbourhood itself has much to offer; a nice park where the locals go, many restaurants, coffee places and bars. The grocery store is also nearby to buy your ingredients for a lovely meal you could cook yourself in our modern kitchen. The apartment is housed in a beautiful old building, which was built in the early 1900s. From the inside the whole apartment has been renovated two years ago and is in a splendid condition. The apartment has 2 bedrooms. The masterbedroom fits two people in the double bed. Two more people can sleep in the second bedroom on an airbed. If needed, a fifth person could sleep on a mattress in a small extra room.   Furthermore, the appartment has one bathroom, two toilets, a brandnew kitchen, a s","Stunning views from the rooftop terrace or chilling out in summertime. Space, comfort, central location.  Ideal for 4 people or a couple. Located in the heart of Amsterdam next to Westerpark. Just a 5 minutes walk from the very popular (and typical Amsterdam) Jordaan neighbourhood and Amsterdam nicest shopping street Haarlemmerdijk. It’s 15 minutes by public transport from Amsterdam Central Station. The neighbourhood itself has much to offer; a nice park where the locals go, many restaurants, coffee places and bars. The grocery store is also nearby to buy your ingredients for a lovely meal you could cook yourself in our modern kitchen. The apartment is housed in a beautiful old building, which was built in the early 1900s. From the inside the whole apartment has been renovated two years ago and is in a splendid condition. The apartment has 2 bedrooms. The masterbedroom fits two people in the double bed. Two more people can sleep in the second bedroom on an airbed. If needed, a fifth pe",,,We expect you to behave as good apartment-caretakers; - be careful with everything - take your shoes off - don't smoke - don't leave a mess when you leave
