,"Welcome to my luminous, bright and cosy apartment, centrally located in Amsterdam! As soon as you enter the apartment you'll find its atmospheric and a haven of peace. However the neighbourhood is lively and close to all the highlights of Amsterdam!  The private apartment has a large livingroom, a spacious bed & bathroom and a modern kitchen, a balcony and a courtyard garden which can all be used during your visit. Wake up and have a cup of coffee at Bon Giorno, the little coffee bar just around the corner. Or grab a bite and a beer at the neighborhood pub called Bar Spek. Whats to expect in the neighborhood: -Jordaan district & Anne Frank Museum -VondelParc -Westerparc -Leidsche-Square -Rozengracht and 9 straatjes shopping walhalla -Kalverstraat shopping district -Museum-Square -Museum such as van Gogh & Rijks Museum Whats up in the apartment: -55m2 private apartment -Wifi Internet -Double bed -Fully equiped kitchen with ove, fridge and nespresso coffee machine -Linnen and towels -Cit","Welcome to my luminous, bright and cosy apartment, centrally located in Amsterdam! As soon as you enter the apartment you'll find its atmospheric and a haven of peace. However the neighbourhood is lively and close to all the highlights of Amsterdam!  The private apartment has a large livingroom, a spacious bed & bathroom and a modern kitchen, a balcony and a courtyard garden which can all be used during your visit. Wake up and have a cup of coffee at Bon Giorno, the little coffee bar just around the corner. Or grab a bite and a beer at the neighborhood pub called Bar Spek. Whats to expect in the neighborhood: -Jordaan district & Anne Frank Museum -VondelParc -Westerparc -Leidsche-Square -Rozengracht and 9 straatjes shopping walhalla -Kalverstraat shopping district -Museum-Square -Museum such as van Gogh & Rijks Museum Whats up in the apartment: -55m2 private apartment -Wifi Internet -Double bed -Fully equiped kitchen with ove, fridge and nespresso coffee machine -Linnen and towels -Cit",,,
