"Romantic Design Apartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam. Nestled right in the Centre between the main canals of Prinsengracht and Museum square lies this this authentic 17th centry Amsterdam house from the famous architect Philip Vingbooms.  The apartment has a wonderful NY feel and with a minimalist/modern style. It is kept simple and clean. The apartment is perfect for couples who are looking for a getaway, as well for people who are here for business and are looking for a place where they can focus on their work  The apartment is available for short-term rent on minimum of 2 days basis for max 2 persons. If you have any questions don't hesitate to ask!  We hope to welcome you soon.","This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest authentic historic houses from the famous architect Philip Vingbooms situated close to the Rijksmuseum.  Feel welcome in this authentic 17th centry Amsterdam Family house right in the heart of Amsterdam. Our house is fully renovated and you will feel the combination of authentic details with a modern and luxury finishing.   Everything you need to see or experience in Amsterdam is on walking distance. The Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh museum, Vondelpark or Leidseplein are within 5 minute walking distance.  The house is perfect for couples who are looking for a getaway or for a business trip. The appartement is available for rent on minimum of 2 days basis for a max of 2 adults. Or if you're a family with children you can rent also our bel-etage, first-floor and second-floor. If you have any questions don't hesitate to ask!  We hope to welcome you soon. Details: Soutterain:  •	Modern open kitchen (Quooker, Nespresso machine, steam oven, dishwa","This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest authentic historic houses from the famous architect Philip Vingbooms situated close to the Rijksmuseum.  Feel welcome in this authentic 17th centry Amsterdam Family house right in the heart of Amsterdam. Our house is fully renovated and you will feel the combination of authentic details with a modern and luxury finishing.   Everything you need to see or experience in Amsterdam is on walking distance. The Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh museum, Vondelpark or Leidseplein are within 5 minute walking distance.  The house is perfect for couples who are looking for a getaway or for a business trip. The appartement is available for rent on minimum of 2 days basis for a max of 2 adults. Or if you're a family with children you can rent also our bel-etage, first-floor and second-floor. If you have any questions don't hesitate to ask!  We hope to welcome you soon. Details: Soutterain:  •	Modern open kitchen (Quooker, Nespresso machine, steam oven, dishwa","LOCATION:  The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of and across from Leidsestraat and Prinsengracht, on the corner of the Utrechtse straat and PCHooftstraat (best shopping streets), charming shops and cafes. It is located within walking distance of the city centre attractions such as the Dam Square, Rijksmuseum (500m), Van Gogh (600m), theatres and night-life can all be found on your doorstep.  Schiphol airport is less then 20 minutes away by train and also the RAI Convention Center is only 15 minutes by metro, which makes this central location the perfect location for both leisure and business travellers.","Schiphol airport by taxi 40 minutes or bus nr 197, stop Rijksmuseum and than 5 minutes walk.",Please be quiet after 23.00 hrs. Smoking and drugs are not allowed !Please treat the place if it was yours.
