,"You are welcome in my comfortable, quiet, light apartment with a beautiful parcview! ***Two children under 12 can stay for free (no additional fee for 3rd or 4th person that is under 12)***  In my apartment are two bedrooms. One bedroom has a double bed (1,40cm) and a smaller bedroom has two single beds (next to each other).  The apartment is on the second floor.  It has a white wooden floor,  and is sunny and light.  Besides the two bedrooms it has a spacious kitchen, a small bathroom with a bath & shower and a spacious living room.  The living room looks out on the Erasmusparc.The master-bedroom and kitchen both give entry to the sunny balcony on the south-west side (sun between noon and 8 o'clock in the evening) and neighbors quiet inner- gardens. The apartment is very quiet and perfect for resting out after an active day of sightseeing. It is great to have dinner or a glass of wine at the kitchen table with the doors to the balcony wide open, in the late afternoon / early evening. ","You are welcome in my comfortable, quiet, light apartment with a beautiful parcview! ***Two children under 12 can stay for free (no additional fee for 3rd or 4th person that is under 12)***  In my apartment are two bedrooms. One bedroom has a double bed (1,40cm) and a smaller bedroom has two single beds (next to each other).  The apartment is on the second floor.  It has a white wooden floor,  and is sunny and light.  Besides the two bedrooms it has a spacious kitchen, a small bathroom with a bath & shower and a spacious living room.  The living room looks out on the Erasmusparc.The master-bedroom and kitchen both give entry to the sunny balcony on the south-west side (sun between noon and 8 o'clock in the evening) and neighbors quiet inner- gardens. The apartment is very quiet and perfect for resting out after an active day of sightseeing. It is great to have dinner or a glass of wine at the kitchen table with the doors to the balcony wide open, in the late afternoon / early evening. ",,,"First of all enjoy the apartment!  I try to care about the environment as much as I can, by using ecological cleaning producs and by being sparse with water and energy. I would be happy if you could respect that too. Please turn the heating on 17 degrees or lower when you leave the house or when you go to sleep. Please use the paper bin for paper and keep glass separate for the glass container. Amsterdam and especially this neighborhood is a very safe city, but just beware of pickpockets in the crowded and touristic area's in the city centre. Please always lock the balcony-doors when you leave the house & lock the door of the apartment (upstairs) with both of the keys. The door downstairs does not have to be locked, but just make sure it is always closed behind you. If you like to smoke, you are free to do so at the balcony. Thanks a lot!"
