Our original 17th century house (130m2) is located in the very center of Amsterdam: in the heart of the canal district. The family friendly house is situated in a pictorestic car-free alley w/ original historic houses. The inside is bright + stylish with huge sun terrace.,"An old bakery from 1650 is now our three story family house which we renovated so that each floor has its unique character but with the comforts and style of modern living.  Sitting anywhere in the house or sun-terrace you will have a great view on Dutch historic houses with its typical house fronts you know from postcards and pictures of Amsterdam. There is a big sunny roof terrace (unique for downtown Amsterdam) attached to the well equiped kitchen. Since we love to cook you will find a kitchen devices you can imagine. On the sun terrace you can have dinners al fresco, read or just relax or look at the flowers we planted. The master bedroom has a comfy and quality double bed and the room has an open roof with the original beams on display. There is  a smaller bedroom with a baby/child bed: when there is a third person we put a adultsize single bed in there. There is another child bedroom in the attic too. From the outside the house is original; the inside is super comfortable and coz","Our original 17th century house (130m2) is located in the very center of Amsterdam: in the heart of the canal district. The family friendly house is situated in a pictorestic car-free alley w/ original historic houses. The inside is bright + stylish with huge sun terrace. An old bakery from 1650 is now our three story family house which we renovated so that each floor has its unique character but with the comforts and style of modern living.  Sitting anywhere in the house or sun-terrace you will have a great view on Dutch historic houses with its typical house fronts you know from postcards and pictures of Amsterdam. There is a big sunny roof terrace (unique for downtown Amsterdam) attached to the well equiped kitchen. Since we love to cook you will find a kitchen devices you can imagine. On the sun terrace you can have dinners al fresco, read or just relax or look at the flowers we planted. The master bedroom has a comfy and quality double bed and the room has an open roof with the or",,,Please take care of our house. No smoking is permitted (you can smoke on the sun-terrace). Please respect the neigbours around you. After 10 PM at night we ask you not to chat loudly on the sun-terrace or in the small street in front of the house.  No crazy parties ofcourse.  Enjoy your stay! Arriving: please give an arrival time and if you get delayed we ask you kindly to let us know by text when exact time is when you are arriving.
