"Very light and spacious 2-bedroom apartment for 3 persons on a central location near the ""Jordaan"" area.  Modern apartment on the top floor of the building with all comforts like high speed WiFi, fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, TV, etc. Both myself and AirBNB guests like the location and condition of the apartment, take a look at the reviews. Hope to welcome you soon!","Light and spacous two bedroom apartment on a popular, central location near the ""Jordaan"" area and the Westerpark. - Great apartment on the top floor of the building (5th floor).  - 1 master bedroom with 2-persons bed and 1 bedroom with 1 bed.  - Modern apartment, concrete floors and walls - Light and spacious (65m2) Located in a great neighbourhood that is centrally located. Easy access to - Central Station - Jordaan area with lots of bars and restaurants - Westerpark for a nice run! - Ferry to NSDM-wharf Even just around the corner you will find nice local cafes and restaurants that are very popular with the locals. Here you can drink a nice local beer and have a delicious meal. You can walk or take a bike to the city center. Bus line 22 takes you every 10 minutes to the Central Station, which is only a 10 minutes ride. The apartment is very wel reviewed by other guests!","Very light and spacious 2-bedroom apartment for 3 persons on a central location near the ""Jordaan"" area.  Modern apartment on the top floor of the building with all comforts like high speed WiFi, fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, TV, etc. Both myself and AirBNB guests like the location and condition of the apartment, take a look at the reviews. Hope to welcome you soon! Light and spacous two bedroom apartment on a popular, central location near the ""Jordaan"" area and the Westerpark. - Great apartment on the top floor of the building (5th floor).  - 1 master bedroom with 2-persons bed and 1 bedroom with 1 bed.  - Modern apartment, concrete floors and walls - Light and spacious (65m2) Located in a great neighbourhood that is centrally located. Easy access to - Central Station - Jordaan area with lots of bars and restaurants - Westerpark for a nice run! - Ferry to NSDM-wharf Even just around the corner you will find nice local cafes and restaurants that are very popular with the locals.","I personally love the central location of my neighborhood. It is very near to the Jordaan and Canals.  At the same time the neighborhood is quiet, safe, clean and peaceful and has some nice small  local cafes and restaurants where they serve great breakfast, lunch, meals and burgers famous all over Amsterdam.",Bus 22 from and to Central Station stops in from of the door. The popular sights are within walking or cycling distance (depending on which site). The best Amsterdam experience is of course to bike yourself around the city!,"The house is in a residential area, so parties and/or loud music are not allowed."
