"Characterisic two bedroom duplex apartment with roof terrace, in a charming turn of the century town house. Situated in the heart of the Museum Quarter, A stone’s throw from the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Concert Gebouw and Vondel Park. The apartm","Characterisic two bedroom duplex apartment with roof terrace, in a charming turn of the century town house. Situated in the heart of the Museum Quarter, A stone’s throw from the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Concert Gebouw and Vondel Park. The apartment has a spacious living room and dining room with original plaster ceilings. A separate fully equipped kitchen and small office. The master bedroom is ensuite with a full bath and shower. The second bedroom can accomodate two single beds, and has a separate shower and W.C. The apartment is perfectly located for chic shopping on the P.C. Hooftstraat, antiquing on the Spiegelgracht, and is a ten minute walk to the Leidseplein and the Centre. The trendy bars and restaurants of the Pijp and the famous Albert Cuyp Market are also close by. Conveniently located to the Amsterdam RAI Convention Centre and the Amsterdam WTC, World Trade Centre. Many trams stop around the corner, and there are excellent links to Schiphol Airport and Sation Zuid. It","Characterisic two bedroom duplex apartment with roof terrace, in a charming turn of the century town house. Situated in the heart of the Museum Quarter, A stone’s throw from the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Concert Gebouw and Vondel Park. The apartm Characterisic two bedroom duplex apartment with roof terrace, in a charming turn of the century town house. Situated in the heart of the Museum Quarter, A stone’s throw from the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Concert Gebouw and Vondel Park. The apartment has a spacious living room and dining room with original plaster ceilings. A separate fully equipped kitchen and small office. The master bedroom is ensuite with a full bath and shower. The second bedroom can accomodate two single beds, and has a separate shower and W.C. The apartment is perfectly located for chic shopping on the P.C. Hooftstraat, antiquing on the Spiegelgracht, and is a ten minute walk to the Leidseplein and the Centre. The trendy bars and restaurants of the Pijp and the f",,,
