2 bedrooms for 2 persons each ( so 4 adults) +/- baby bed 2 bathrooms plus 1 baby bedroom ( if you travel with baby).  private entrance. garden.  2 livingrooms.  garden!  and very quiet! close to tram and subway! Only for family.Or couples.,"Do you want to stay in our 2 storey house perfect for families with ( young) children? Ideal for two couples (  and one baby) or a family ( parent bedroom with separate shower) top floor with two small bedrooms for children and separate bath. 4 adults max Between the Amstel River and Metro Wibautstraat, located on a  little square with a garden with sun from 8 am untill 6 pm. very quiet but close to nice bakery/bars/restaurant  close to city centre  120 sm 2 large living room/ kitchen/dining room. 80 sm garden ground floor; two living rooms connected/seperated by glass doors ( 55 sm)   large hallway ( easy to store things buggys bikes etc) toilet  master  bedroom with shower  first floor 1 bedroom  ( 9 sm) 1  small babyroom (6 sm) 1 bathrooms (8 sm) bath/ shower , toilet, sink Metro ( wibautstraat ) 200m Bikes can be rented at 200m for car parking please send e-mail.","2 bedrooms for 2 persons each ( so 4 adults) +/- baby bed 2 bathrooms plus 1 baby bedroom ( if you travel with baby).  private entrance. garden.  2 livingrooms.  garden!  and very quiet! close to tram and subway! Only for family.Or couples. Do you want to stay in our 2 storey house perfect for families with ( young) children? Ideal for two couples (  and one baby) or a family ( parent bedroom with separate shower) top floor with two small bedrooms for children and separate bath. 4 adults max Between the Amstel River and Metro Wibautstraat, located on a  little square with a garden with sun from 8 am untill 6 pm. very quiet but close to nice bakery/bars/restaurant  close to city centre  120 sm 2 large living room/ kitchen/dining room. 80 sm garden ground floor; two living rooms connected/seperated by glass doors ( 55 sm)   large hallway ( easy to store things buggys bikes etc) toilet  master  bedroom with shower  first floor 1 bedroom  ( 9 sm) 1  small babyroom (6 sm) 1 bathrooms (8 sm)",close to PIJP and CENTRE. Historical neighborhood  Close to subway ( 200 m Wibautstraat),Close to subway ( 200 m Wibautstraat) less than 30 min from schiphol by subway and train.,"No peds No smoking inside Not for a group of friends, only couples or families!"
