"Private: - 14 m2 nice and spacious lovely romantic beautiful room - Very comfortable king size bed (4 pillows, 2 wide duvets) - TV - Wardrobe - Desk, 2 chairs- - hairdryer, water boiler, tea, coffee, shampoo etc - 24 h private entrance to your room. kitchen and bathroom Shared: - Toilet, bath, shower - Kitchen, laundry&drying machine, cooking utilities Complimentary: Coffee, tea, shampoo, soap","Very good location, very central, 10 minutes walk to Leidseplein or Anne Frank House, 5 minutes walk to the 9 streets in Jordaan, 15 minutes walk to Dam square. Very nice ceiling in bedroom, bedroom is very cozy, colourful. There are shelves with books of me...  and you will have your own private wardrobe and a nice desk and chair. Electric heater available in your room.","Private: - 14 m2 nice and spacious lovely romantic beautiful room - Very comfortable king size bed (4 pillows, 2 wide duvets) - TV - Wardrobe - Desk, 2 chairs- - hairdryer, water boiler, tea, coffee, shampoo etc - 24 h private entrance to your room. kitchen and bathroom Shared: - Toilet, bath, shower - Kitchen, laundry&drying machine, cooking utilities Complimentary: Coffee, tea, shampoo, soap Very good location, very central, 10 minutes walk to Leidseplein or Anne Frank House, 5 minutes walk to the 9 streets in Jordaan, 15 minutes walk to Dam square. Very nice ceiling in bedroom, bedroom is very cozy, colourful. There are shelves with books of me...  and you will have your own private wardrobe and a nice desk and chair. Electric heater available in your room. Kitchen Bathroom Their own private bedroom available for help/questions but I prefer my privacy as well. Close to Anne Frank House, Leidseplein, Dam square, 9 streets Jordaan, Noordermarkt. Very nice neighbourhood! In the middle ","Close to Anne Frank House, Leidseplein, Dam square, 9 streets Jordaan, Noordermarkt. Very nice neighbourhood! In the middle of the Jordan area!!!","Very close to tram 13, 17, 10 and 14",- No smoking - No pets - No visitors - No loud talking or music after 10 PM
