"We primarily rent to families as it is our own home and in a highly densed, residential block in the city centre of Amsterdam.  It is a real family house in a residential area, however, close to any kind of adventure you may wish: the Anne Frank museum, Noordermarkt shopping, the shopping district ' de negen straatjes', and lots of restaurants.","For Christmas and new year, and the summer holidays, the minimum stay is 4 nights. It is a unique, large boutique house, located in a quiet part of the city centre, the Jordaan. It is a 10 minutes walk from the Central Train Station, from the famous Anne Frank House and the Westertoren. Also the Noordermarkt and all the restaurants and bars on the Lindengracht and Westerstraat are within 5 minutes walk. We love our house and would like other people to enjoy our house when we are travelling ourselves. It is unexpectedly calm given the central location in the haert of the city centre. The house is located adjacent to an inner court yard, at a very quiet, one-way street. A large bit of our furniture we brought from travelling in South- East Asia. The living room at the ground floor is very spatious, with a kitchen, a large dining table, sofa's, t.v., Wifi The first floor:   1 bedroom with kingsize bed (fits 2) and attached bathroom with seperate shower and bath,  1 bedroom with attached b","We primarily rent to families as it is our own home and in a highly densed, residential block in the city centre of Amsterdam.  It is a real family house in a residential area, however, close to any kind of adventure you may wish: the Anne Frank museum, Noordermarkt shopping, the shopping district ' de negen straatjes', and lots of restaurants. For Christmas and new year, and the summer holidays, the minimum stay is 4 nights. It is a unique, large boutique house, located in a quiet part of the city centre, the Jordaan. It is a 10 minutes walk from the Central Train Station, from the famous Anne Frank House and the Westertoren. Also the Noordermarkt and all the restaurants and bars on the Lindengracht and Westerstraat are within 5 minutes walk. We love our house and would like other people to enjoy our house when we are travelling ourselves. It is unexpectedly calm given the central location in the haert of the city centre. The house is located adjacent to an inner court yard, at a very","The house is located in a quiet street, though at walking distance of some important sights, as the Anne Frank Museum, Dam Square, Paleis at the Dam. The van Gogh and Rijksmuseum can be reached by direct tramline at a 5 minutes walk.","The public transport is either at the Marnixstraat, the central station or at the Westertoren, all within less than 10 minutes walk.","Welcome to our house in Amsterdam!! A couple of important house rules: It is a real family house, which is available when we travel. Hence, we do not want (partying) groups/ stagparties, etc. though only families or couples.   Please don’t play music too loud or make too much noise, nor play the piano, especially not after 11 pm, the houses are very old in this area, so you easily hear your neighbours. No smoking. Especially joints are forbidden. This all because of safety rules and neighbors. Please don’t throw anything into the toilet, except for toilet paper. The houses here are very old, and the pipes are very narrow. Use the small bin in the toilet. Please don’t leave food lying around, again, it is an old house and mice easily get in! Always lock the front door when you leave, and check if the back doors are locked. When you leave, please put the temperature back to 17C. Tuesday and Friday is garbage day. From 6 am you can put your garbage outside, or the evening before after 11 "
