"Central and quiet apartment (80 m2) in the vivid, trendy and peaceful neighbourhood: Amsterdam-Oost. The apartment has a private terrace. a spacious livingroom with couch and a double bed,  a fully equipped kitchen with a big diningtable, and 2 big bedrooms. each with a double bed. There is a separate toilet. Normally this is my home, but I will be away on holiday, so you don't have to share it. The sunny terrace, which is unique in Amsterdam, has a large dining table and a  lounge sofa.","THE APARTMENT The apartment is a 10-minute walk from Waterloo Square, a 10-minute bike ride from Central Station and 100 meters (5 minutes) from the metro stop ""Wibautstraat"". Trams stop very near the house (1 minute walk). You can rent a bike in my street and all museums will be in reach within 5 to 10 minutes. The 5 best features about the apartment, are:  1.  very big, sunny terrace;  2.  It’s very central  3. It’s in a cosy, lively neighborhood (Eastside), and the apartment itself is very quiet.  4. it has 2 bedrooms and 3 double beds and is therefore very well equiped and suitable voor families and couples","Central and quiet apartment (80 m2) in the vivid, trendy and peaceful neighbourhood: Amsterdam-Oost. The apartment has a private terrace. a spacious livingroom with couch and a double bed,  a fully equipped kitchen with a big diningtable, and 2 big bedrooms. each with a double bed. There is a separate toilet. Normally this is my home, but I will be away on holiday, so you don't have to share it. The sunny terrace, which is unique in Amsterdam, has a large dining table and a  lounge sofa. THE APARTMENT The apartment is a 10-minute walk from Waterloo Square, a 10-minute bike ride from Central Station and 100 meters (5 minutes) from the metro stop ""Wibautstraat"". Trams stop very near the house (1 minute walk). You can rent a bike in my street and all museums will be in reach within 5 to 10 minutes. The 5 best features about the apartment, are:  1.  very big, sunny terrace;  2.  It’s very central  3. It’s in a cosy, lively neighborhood (Eastside), and the apartment itself is very quiet.  4","NEIGHBOURHOOD  Amsterdam Eastside is a very colorful part of the city with parks, shops and lots of restaurants and places to go out. The central location makes it really easy to visit the museums and all the good things Amsterdam has to offer.  We'd like to get you started by giving you some good addresses that aren't in your guidebook which are sure to make your stay in Amsterdam very special!  AMENITIES -Fast WiFi throughout the apartment - Very cosy, because it is the apartment where I live in the rest of the year -Clean bathroom with separate toilet  -Washing machine & dishwasher  - Dining table and lounge sofa on the big terrace -There are plenty of bars and restaurants in the neighbourhood.  - It's located beside the Oosterpark, which is very nice in summer to have picnics and barbecues, and in winter to run.  - If you like to go out, my house is within walking distance of 3 clubs: Club Hotel Arena; Bar Bukowski, Canvas Volkshotel","Tram, metro, bus, rental bikes, all very near (few minutes)","If your goal to come to Amsterdam is to party and to enjoy the nightlife, please pick another apartment, my place is NOT suitable for that purpose. It's my home with a lot of stuf I care for, and my neighbours do not appreciate noise on the terrace.   Please don't smoke in the house. You can smoke on my terrace however.  This is a residential building, so please respect my neighbours and make sure to act quitetly after 23.00 hours."
