,"A beautifully renovated apartment situated in one of the most attractive quarters of Amsterdam: de Pijp! The street is quiet and peaceful and lies near the river Amstel. The apartment is located on the ground floor and has a nice little garden and terrace. The living room, that looks out on the garden, is tastefully decorated with modern furniture and has a comfortable sofa-bed. Inside the living room there is a beautiful modern kitchen where you can find a gas cooker, a fridge, a  coffee maker, tea, oil, herbs...everything to make cooking easy. There is a beautiful and very clean bathroom, which offers a shower, a toilet and even a washing machine/dryer. At last you have the bed room, which is rather spacious and modern.  On top of all this there are two free bikes you can use, there is the lively neighbourhood with many lovely restaurants and bars, the Albert Cuyp Market, and of course… a great home feeling. Except for a TV you will have all comfort you need. Fifty square meters is m","A beautifully renovated apartment situated in one of the most attractive quarters of Amsterdam: de Pijp! The street is quiet and peaceful and lies near the river Amstel. The apartment is located on the ground floor and has a nice little garden and terrace. The living room, that looks out on the garden, is tastefully decorated with modern furniture and has a comfortable sofa-bed. Inside the living room there is a beautiful modern kitchen where you can find a gas cooker, a fridge, a  coffee maker, tea, oil, herbs...everything to make cooking easy. There is a beautiful and very clean bathroom, which offers a shower, a toilet and even a washing machine/dryer. At last you have the bed room, which is rather spacious and modern.  On top of all this there are two free bikes you can use, there is the lively neighbourhood with many lovely restaurants and bars, the Albert Cuyp Market, and of course… a great home feeling. Except for a TV you will have all comfort you need. Fifty square meters is m",,,Het appartement is geschikt voor maximum 2 personen. Er is een absoluut rookverbod en een partyverbod! Ik heb in het verleden nare ervaringen gehad met uit de hand gelopen feestjes. Ik heb zeer vriendelijke buren maar wil niet dat ze overlast hebben van de gasten. Verder is het een heel open huis en mag alles gebruikt worden door de gasten.
