"Very spacious (90 sqm) central located apartment with two separate bedrooms (queensize and kingsize bed), balcony, wifi, elevator and spacious livingroom. Cheap parking. Close to Waterlooplein, Rembrandtplein, Artis zoo, restaurants, bars and shops.","Nice spacious and modern apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. 5 minute walk from Waterlooplein metro station and near Central Station, Rembrandtplein, Red Light District, Scheepvaart museum and Artis Zoo and two parking garages less than 100 meter away and a parking garage at 10 euro a day within a 5 to 10 minutes walk from the apartment . The entrance of this small modern apartment complex is next door to the Ibis hotel and fitness club and has an elevator to bring you to the apartment on the 5th floor. The 100 square meter apartment has a very spacious livingroom with dining area, fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms (one with a queensize bed and one with a kingsize bed) and a bathroom with bath & shower. The balcony has a small table and 3 chairs. With a fully equipped kitchen, a large supermarket (open seven days a week from eight in the morning until ten at night) around the corner, two cosy breakfast / lunchrooms next door or the full hotel breakfast buffets at the Ibis hotel ad","Very spacious (90 sqm) central located apartment with two separate bedrooms (queensize and kingsize bed), balcony, wifi, elevator and spacious livingroom. Cheap parking. Close to Waterlooplein, Rembrandtplein, Artis zoo, restaurants, bars and shops. Nice spacious and modern apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. 5 minute walk from Waterlooplein metro station and near Central Station, Rembrandtplein, Red Light District, Scheepvaart museum and Artis Zoo and two parking garages less than 100 meter away and a parking garage at 10 euro a day within a 5 to 10 minutes walk from the apartment . The entrance of this small modern apartment complex is next door to the Ibis hotel and fitness club and has an elevator to bring you to the apartment on the 5th floor. The 100 square meter apartment has a very spacious livingroom with dining area, fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms (one with a queensize bed and one with a kingsize bed) and a bathroom with bath & shower. The balcony has a small table an","Close to Rembrandtplein, metro, Artis zoo, Central Station, Hermitage, Scheepvaart museum, Nieuwmarkt, China town and the Red Light district. Two supermarkets and several shops are nearby and many bars and quality restaurants within a short walking distance. Bike rental and parking garages in the same street.","Close to both tram and metro lines, bike rental in the same street and a 10 to 15 minute walk or short metro ride to Central Station.",The apartment is well isolated and we never hear our neighbors. That said we hope our visitors will treat the place and our neighbors like their own.
