"Our unique 1 bedroom canal house is located in the middle of the most popular area of Amsterdam; the 9 streets, a boutique shopping area, with unique stores and cool bars/restaurants. It is on the first floor, with a great view on the canals. ","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS:  - Perfect location!  - Spacious 80 square meters open, light apartment in historic neighborhood, in the middle of the centre  - Separate toilet  - 1 bedrooms, adjacent bathroom - Washmachine - Kitchen is new, including fridge, Nespresso machine, dishwasher, grill and kitchenware, oven. - Dining table in open kitchen, light space. - Open living area features flatscreen tv  - Free Wi-fi ","Our unique 1 bedroom canal house is located in the middle of the most popular area of Amsterdam; the 9 streets, a boutique shopping area, with unique stores and cool bars/restaurants. It is on the first floor, with a great view on the canals.  APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS:  - Perfect location!  - Spacious 80 square meters open, light apartment in historic neighborhood, in the middle of the centre  - Separate toilet  - 1 bedrooms, adjacent bathroom - Washmachine - Kitchen is new, including fridge, Nespresso machine, dishwasher, grill and kitchenware, oven. - Dining table in open kitchen, light space. - Open living area features flatscreen tv  - Free Wi-fi  LOCATION HIGHLIGHTS:  - In the middle of the Jordaan, in the 9 streets area. When stepping out of the door, you are in de middle of all the nice boutiques, restaurants and sight seeing. Not the main shopping street, but more boutique style. - Everywhere you want to go in walking distance: walking distance to Vondelpark (5 minutes), to Leidspl","LOCATION HIGHLIGHTS:  - In the middle of the Jordaan, in the 9 streets area. When stepping out of the door, you are in de middle of all the nice boutiques, restaurants and sight seeing. Not the main shopping street, but more boutique style. - Everywhere you want to go in walking distance: walking distance to Vondelpark (5 minutes), to Leidsplein (3 minutes), to Jordaan (5 minutes), to Museum quarter (10 minutes), to the Dam Square. - Nice markets, boutique shops, supermarkets and many nice bars and restaurants just around the corner ",,
