"Enjoy our 120m2 apartment, with large windows, vintage furniture and lots of plants. There's free parking in the neighborhood and you are only a 5 min beautiful (free!) boat ride away from Central Station. This place is perfect for families, not for students, offering two bedrooms, a big living room, kitchen, balcony and a little park with playground in front.  It's an apartment on the second and third floor in an 1915 building, with steep stairs and no elevator, as is typical in Amsterdam.","With two bedrooms (2 double beds) and a very solid and comfortable double sofa-bed in the living room, this apartment is perfect for 6 persons.  We offer you the apartment including bedlinnen and towels. The kitchen is large enough for you to enjoy your breakfast, without disturbing the ones sleeping in the living room. The sofa bed folds in and out in a whim and there's a compartment to store the bedlinnen, so you can easily use the sofa to simon during the day, as well as to sleep on at night.  The large bathroom includes a bathtub, shower, toilet and sink. An additional toilet is downstairs. The kitchen offers all the utensils you might possibly need (except for a dishwasher..) and a large table for breakfasts, dinners and drinks. In the living room there's another large table and two sofas. Our balcony overlooks the inner gardens of the housing block, and when the sun is shining you can enjoy it there from 10am until 4pm. With this apartment you will get a quiet and cosy place, whi","Enjoy our 120m2 apartment, with large windows, vintage furniture and lots of plants. There's free parking in the neighborhood and you are only a 5 min beautiful (free!) boat ride away from Central Station. This place is perfect for families, not for students, offering two bedrooms, a big living room, kitchen, balcony and a little park with playground in front.  It's an apartment on the second and third floor in an 1915 building, with steep stairs and no elevator, as is typical in Amsterdam. With two bedrooms (2 double beds) and a very solid and comfortable double sofa-bed in the living room, this apartment is perfect for 6 persons.  We offer you the apartment including bedlinnen and towels. The kitchen is large enough for you to enjoy your breakfast, without disturbing the ones sleeping in the living room. The sofa bed folds in and out in a whim and there's a compartment to store the bedlinnen, so you can easily use the sofa to simon during the day, as well as to sleep on at night.  Th","The apartment is in the North of Amsterdam, recently proclaimed one of the most upcoming and exciting neighborhoods in Europe by the New York Times and the Guardian. The neighbourhood is relaxed, green and very close to the IJ river, with a beautiful view over the city. The neighborhood is residential, but lively and urban with grocery shops and many different inhabitants reflecting the city's charm. There's a little playground in front of the house, making it perfect for kids. There are some amazing restaurants around, ranging from cheap ones nearby, to higher prized but extremely good restaurants in industrial area's around. More and more alternative spaces and communities are opening up in the Noord. The cinema and film museum EYE is very near. For bars, clubs and clothing shops it's still better to cross the water and go into the center, which is also not far.","The best way to get from the airport into the city is by train. It takes you to Central Station in 15min and is cheap. You get to our apartment by taking a ferry directly behind the Central Station, which takes you across the water (for free!) in 5 min, offering a beautiful view. From there it's a 5 min walk to our place. The ferry nearest to our place goes until midnight, after that you can take another ferry, which crosses regularly 24/7. From that ferry it's just a 10 min walk to our place.  Central Station is the central point for all public transport in Amsterdam, which will make it easy for you to move around the city from there. You can also easily walk into the centre from the station, or bike of course! Our place is very accessible by car and there's lots of (free) parking space around. We advise you not to take the car into the city centre. It's full and parking is expensive there.","Perfect for families! Not suitable for groups of students. Most important for us is that you respect the neighbors, both inside the apartment as out in front. The couple living directly under us have an infant and a newborn baby, the other neighbor is elderly and sick. They are the ones experiencing our guests and we don't want to cause them any distress. To assure this we agreed on some strict rules with our neighbors, this means: - No music after 22.00 - No more than 6 people in the house - No loud chatter in front of the door or on the balcony - Please walk quietly up and down the stairs - Smoking is absolutely not allowed inside the house, but you can smoke on the balcony. Don't be loud on the balcony, the whole block hears what you say. And please don't throw your cigarette butts in our neighbors' garden, that's just common courtesy. - We do not allow pets in our apartment due to allergies, sorry! We will offer you the house clean, including bedlinnen and towels. We ask you to lea"
