"Entirely for you: a just renovated neat 82 sqm apartment in the city centre (vibrant Oud-West) of Amsterdam. Moreover, you will have the luxury of a 38 sqm rooftopterrace with sun all day, sun beds and a large BBQ.","This spacious apartment offers you everything you need for a trip to Amsterdam. It's close to the city centre (5 minute walk or 2 minutes by tram and you are in the Jordaan), there are plentyful restaurants and bars nearby (such as The Hallen), but you can just as well stay at the apartment and BBQ on the rooftopterrace with views over Amsterdam. I only rent out my place when I am on vacation, so effectively it will be like you are truly living in Amsterdam. You can make use of all the ""extra facilities"" in my apartment such as washing machine, wifi, Netflix, Sonos, sun beds and BBQ to make your stay comfortable. The apartment has recently been renovated and is clea, light, spacious and has a modern kitchen.","Entirely for you: a just renovated neat 82 sqm apartment in the city centre (vibrant Oud-West) of Amsterdam. Moreover, you will have the luxury of a 38 sqm rooftopterrace with sun all day, sun beds and a large BBQ. This spacious apartment offers you everything you need for a trip to Amsterdam. It's close to the city centre (5 minute walk or 2 minutes by tram and you are in the Jordaan), there are plentyful restaurants and bars nearby (such as The Hallen), but you can just as well stay at the apartment and BBQ on the rooftopterrace with views over Amsterdam. I only rent out my place when I am on vacation, so effectively it will be like you are truly living in Amsterdam. You can make use of all the ""extra facilities"" in my apartment such as washing machine, wifi, Netflix, Sonos, sun beds and BBQ to make your stay comfortable. The apartment has recently been renovated and is clea, light, spacious and has a modern kitchen. You have access to the full apartment. Interaction preferably via A","The neighborhood is great. A variety of nice restaurants (ranging from atractively priced menus to somewhat expensive), close proximity to the city centre (5 minutes walking to Jordaan), good connection to the msueum district (5 minutes with tram 12 to the Rijksmuseum/Stedelijk Museum), a local market with the best Humus I ever ate at the Ten Katestraat, new city project ""de Hallen"" which is built in an old tram remise is worth visiting, and last but not least, the Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark are both walking distance from my apartment.",Tram 12 stops 100 meters from my apartment. For travel directions please see the website below:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Best connection from Schiphol: - train to Amsterdam Sloterdijk and then tram 12 to Admiraal de Ruyterweg (ca. 30/40 minuten to/from Schiphol),"I expect my guests will behave properly:  Keep the place clean. Respect the neighbours by not making hard noise at indecent hours. No smoking (unless you smoke on the balcony of rooftop terrace, but please be careful with the sunbed cushions). No pets allowed."
