"Zaanse Schans, Waterland, Volendam and Marken within traveling distance. Nature Twiske within walking distance. The city is easily accessible. After the hectic pace of the city is quietly come home.","You will find our Bed&Breakfast on the northern side of Amsterdam. The center is good attainable.  This listing is for 1 room for 1 or 2 persons. Totally it is a cosily furnished gardenhouse with 2 bedrooms, shower and toilet are shared. There is a separate dining area and private terrace. The owner is hospitable and helpful, originally a cook, what you can taste by breakfast. On request the whole gardenhouse with the both rooms for 4 people can be rent. The gardenhouse is ground floor in a lovely garden. It has 2 well appointed  double rooms, with washbassin, television and seperated beds. Also internet, microwave, central heating and a frige are available. Bikes are for rent.","Zaanse Schans, Waterland, Volendam and Marken within traveling distance. Nature Twiske within walking distance. The city is easily accessible. After the hectic pace of the city is quietly come home. You will find our Bed&Breakfast on the northern side of Amsterdam. The center is good attainable.  This listing is for 1 room for 1 or 2 persons. Totally it is a cosily furnished gardenhouse with 2 bedrooms, shower and toilet are shared. There is a separate dining area and private terrace. The owner is hospitable and helpful, originally a cook, what you can taste by breakfast. On request the whole gardenhouse with the both rooms for 4 people can be rent. The gardenhouse is ground floor in a lovely garden. It has 2 well appointed  double rooms, with washbassin, television and seperated beds. Also internet, microwave, central heating and a frige are available. Bikes are for rent. Guests are given their own key, and have 24-hour access to the room. For information, the host is approachable Nat","Nature Twiske within walking distance. Zaanse Schans, Volendam, Marken and Waterland are easily accessible and offer various activities. The city is easily accessible","By car: A10 exit at S117 Kadoelen / Landsmeer, first right, second right, first left and second right.  From Sloterdijk station bus 36, but limited hours and not on  Sunday, stop Vorticellaweg out. Kadoelen Street and second right. Bus 392 towards Zaandam take from the Central Station, like Vorticellaweg stop, or bus 35 direction Molenwijk and finish out. Stentorstraat walk, first right, then left.",smokingfree no pets
