Fully furnished apartment right in between the popular Jordaan area (city center) and Oud-West (Kinkerstraat). Bike's available and lot's of other free stuff.  This upcoming area is the most popular to live in these day's for young urban Amsterdam.,"Fully furnished apartment right in between the popular Jordaan area (city centre) and Oud-West (Kinkerstraat). Only a few minutes’ walk to Leidseplein, Museumplein or Ten Kate Markt with lots of shops in the street itself. Easily accessible by public transport from Central Station or Schiphol airport. In the center of Amsterdam, you won't find any better located accommodation!  Private 1st floor apartment above a jewelry shop. Clean and nice bathroom, same goes for the kitchen. At the rear of the house there's a roof terrace (20 m2) accessible through the back window. All items to make your stay as comfortable as possible; washing machine, fridge, stove/oven, microwave, cable TV, wireless internet (WiFi) access, DVD, HiFi, fan, central heating, 6 double windows, one large double bed, big couch (3rd person sleeper) and a big dinner table. Complementary double camping airbed for guest # 4/3.  We are (street-) art lovers; inside the apartment you will find explicit pieces of Amsterdam’s f","Fully furnished apartment right in between the popular Jordaan area (city center) and Oud-West (Kinkerstraat). Bike's available and lot's of other free stuff.  This upcoming area is the most popular to live in these day's for young urban Amsterdam. Fully furnished apartment right in between the popular Jordaan area (city centre) and Oud-West (Kinkerstraat). Only a few minutes’ walk to Leidseplein, Museumplein or Ten Kate Markt with lots of shops in the street itself. Easily accessible by public transport from Central Station or Schiphol airport. In the center of Amsterdam, you won't find any better located accommodation!  Private 1st floor apartment above a jewelry shop. Clean and nice bathroom, same goes for the kitchen. At the rear of the house there's a roof terrace (20 m2) accessible through the back window. All items to make your stay as comfortable as possible; washing machine, fridge, stove/oven, microwave, cable TV, wireless internet (WiFi) access, DVD, HiFi, fan, central heati","Best neighborhood of Amsterdam. Next to the City centre, so no overwhelming tourists and big crowd 24/7. But everything which make a city neighborhood a comforted side to live in; Shops, markets, parks, museums, bar's, and a whole lat more. Good transportation connection to the airport and train station.","4 different tramlines stop in front of the door! 10 minutes walk to all the city centre, 5 minute bike ride to where you want to be!","Smoking on roof terrace! Cleaning cost, Please leave the place like you it was on check in time. Always try to smile!"
