"**!!PLEASE DON'T BOOK BEFORE SENDING A MESSAGE USING THE 'CONTACT HOST' BUTTON BELOW THIS DESCRIPTION TO CHECK AVAILABILITY!!** (thank you!) Warm and cozy appartment near the river Amstel. Large livingroom, spacious bedroom, practical kitchen and a nice bathroom.  Easy to reach from the airport and citycentre.","We have a good kitchen, one bedroom with a double bed and a large livingroom/diningroom. The couch in the living room doubles as a sofabed. There are two balconies, one in the front and one in the back. The rear balcony overlooks the large gardens (sorry no access) and is the perfect space to end your day with a drink. The bathroom has a shower, sink, a cabinet for your toiletries, a toilet and a washingmachine and dryer. ","**!!PLEASE DON'T BOOK BEFORE SENDING A MESSAGE USING THE 'CONTACT HOST' BUTTON BELOW THIS DESCRIPTION TO CHECK AVAILABILITY!!** (thank you!) Warm and cozy appartment near the river Amstel. Large livingroom, spacious bedroom, practical kitchen and a nice bathroom.  Easy to reach from the airport and citycentre. We have a good kitchen, one bedroom with a double bed and a large livingroom/diningroom. The couch in the living room doubles as a sofabed. There are two balconies, one in the front and one in the back. The rear balcony overlooks the large gardens (sorry no access) and is the perfect space to end your day with a drink. The bathroom has a shower, sink, a cabinet for your toiletries, a toilet and a washingmachine and dryer. You have access to the whole appartment except the small study in which we'll leave our personal belongings. You get a set of clean towels and bedlinnens of course. We'll also leave some breakfast items so your can start the day well. Let us know if you have any","There is a minimarket at the corner of the street, they have anything you need including croissants for breakfast. There are lots of restaurants that are worthwhile and nearby like: Rijsel: Marcusstraat Sa Seada: Eerste Oosterparkstraat (and many more) and then there are good bars and nightclubs like: Hesp: Weesperzijde Club Canvas: Wibaustraat There is the Oosterpark, a lively park, three streets away. And on the other side of the river there is the Pijp-neighbourhood with bars and markets.",There is the Metro around the corner which will bring you in five minutes to the city centre and central station and one metro stop away you have Amstelstation where you can rent a bike. From Schiphol you can take the train to either the central station and take the metro to Wibaustraat (exit Gijsbrecht van Aemstelstraat) or you can take a train to Amsterdam Zuid (station) and the metro to Wibautstraat (same exit),"Ask for availability before booking please, we  don't accept bookings when guests haven't  introduced themselves (and asked for availability) first. Our home is not suitable for guests with children under the age of 12. No Smoking in the apartment or on the balconies. No drugs of any kind. Don't put hot items on the glass dining table (it will shatter and break) The apartment has to be -QUIET- after 10 pm, the building is not soundproof so loud voices and music will keep our neighbours awake. Do be mindful of our downstairs neigbour, she sleeps at the front so please be quiet on the stairs and with the doors. And please be careful with paintings and antiques, they have a lot of sentimental value. In essence, we live in our apartment and we hope you take as good care of it as we do."
