,"We are an American/Brazilian couple living in Amsterdam for the last 15 years and we love this city so much! We would love to welcome you to our place. We like to exchange cultural and personal experiences as we like to travel and meet people too. We will be delighted share what we know about Amsterdam with you - good places to eat, microbreweries, great café terraces and brown cafes, clubs, and neighborhoods, etc. Our apartment is in a building designated as an architectural monument in Amsterdam. We live on the top two floors of the building and the room we are renting is on the top floor. It has an independent entrance (you don’t have to go through the part of the apartment where we live to get there). The room is single. There is a bathroom on the second floor separated from the house (recently renovated) with shower which is shared with the one other room we rent on the top floor. Bedding and towels are provided and a fast wifi connection is available free of charge. You are welco","We are an American/Brazilian couple living in Amsterdam for the last 15 years and we love this city so much! We would love to welcome you to our place. We like to exchange cultural and personal experiences as we like to travel and meet people too. We will be delighted share what we know about Amsterdam with you - good places to eat, microbreweries, great café terraces and brown cafes, clubs, and neighborhoods, etc. Our apartment is in a building designated as an architectural monument in Amsterdam. We live on the top two floors of the building and the room we are renting is on the top floor. It has an independent entrance (you don’t have to go through the part of the apartment where we live to get there). The room is single. There is a bathroom on the second floor separated from the house (recently renovated) with shower which is shared with the one other room we rent on the top floor. Bedding and towels are provided and a fast wifi connection is available free of charge. You are welco","We're well located in the city in the upscale neighborhood! Our house is 10 minutes walking from Museum area, the RAI (Convention Center) andAmsterdam South station.","We have 2 trams - the number 5 and 24 - that stop at the end of our street, only a 2 minute walk to the tram stop from our apartment.",-No smoking in the house -Quiet after 10:00 o'clock at night -Cannot bring a friend over for a visit -Respect our house as if it was yours -Ca not use the kitchen -No party or events -No children under (0-12) ages
