"The studio  has separate entrance, in block of kitchen, with water and sink, refrigerator, combi microwave with oven and an electric appliance for pizzas, (but not with stove). Twee   bedrooms separate by the living room, each bedroom has a bathroom, also you have your own private garden. Our studio is easily accessible by car and public transport. Free parking in front of our studio. It is a quiet and picturesque neighborhood.","We have decorated with originals furniture  in Art-deco stile. The house was built in 1934 and tried him in season achenes environment, quiet and romantic and with great attention to detail  house opposite the park is in the 'North Park.  It is a quiet and picturesque neighborhood.   Netherlands and Amsterdam are well known, among other things, its dikes and polders, we live in a house built on a dam, which once served to isolate the water and go drying to convert the sea on dry land. These homes have two different levels abroad. Our studio is located in the basement of our house, and has a garden, for our guests only, 60 square meters. Our studio is located in quiet and picturesque residential area, in the north part of Amsterdam. The house is facing the Noorderpark and is constructed in 1934.  The studio is romantically decorated in art deco style, with eye for detail. In our studio you are completely independent and autonomous. You have your own entrance to the studio with 2  luxuri","The studio  has separate entrance, in block of kitchen, with water and sink, refrigerator, combi microwave with oven and an electric appliance for pizzas, (but not with stove). Twee   bedrooms separate by the living room, each bedroom has a bathroom, also you have your own private garden. Our studio is easily accessible by car and public transport. Free parking in front of our studio. It is a quiet and picturesque neighborhood. We have decorated with originals furniture  in Art-deco stile. The house was built in 1934 and tried him in season achenes environment, quiet and romantic and with great attention to detail  house opposite the park is in the 'North Park.  It is a quiet and picturesque neighborhood.   Netherlands and Amsterdam are well known, among other things, its dikes and polders, we live in a house built on a dam, which once served to isolate the water and go drying to convert the sea on dry land. These homes have two different levels abroad. Our studio is located in the bas",,"By bus from Central Station:  Bus 32 - direction Buikslotermeerplein, stop stop  Merelstraat Bus 33 - direction Nieuwendam North, stop  Merelstraat Bus 362 (night bus) - Banne Buiksloot direction, stop Merelstraat  Bus 361 (night bus) - Nieuwendam direction, stop  Merelstraat In front of Central Station from Amsterdam there is a white building, the ""VVV"" in Netherlands   InformationTourist Offices, there you can buy a card, the ""Iamsterdam"" card, with this card you ca use the publics transports and you can go to the museums, everything in one card. You can there also buy a cad only for the bus and train, By the ""VVV"" office the card is cheaper than when you buy a card in the bus.   When you have arrived at Amsterdam's airport, Schiphol, you have to take the train to Amsterdam Central Station. Then take bus 32 or  33. You have to get off the bus at the second bus stop (Merelstraat) after the  tunnel between Amsterdam Centrum and Amsterdam Nord. In front you, you can see a blue pharmacy,","Not smoke  tobacco or joints and other things. Please after 10pm do not make noise, or speak loudly in the garden, the neighbors have small children who at that time already sleep.  Thanks for the understanding"
