,"Beautiful and light 2 bedroom apartment situated on the top floor of a genuine 1930's building. The entire apartment is sophisticated with a nice design. A nice wide balcony is directly attached to the living-room on the rear side of the apartment facing the south, so perfectly in the sun. 1 bedroom with a real bed (160x200) and 1 bedroom with a sleeping-sofa (140x200). Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, toilet and washing machine.  ","Beautiful and light 2 bedroom apartment situated on the top floor of a genuine 1930's building. The entire apartment is sophisticated with a nice design. A nice wide balcony is directly attached to the living-room on the rear side of the apartment facing the south, so perfectly in the sun. 1 bedroom with a real bed (160x200) and 1 bedroom with a sleeping-sofa (140x200). Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, toilet and washing machine.  Only 10 minutes from the Museumplein where you can find the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum. Nice real Amsterdam bars and restaurants just around the corner.  Bus and tram next to the house to go to all major touristic attractions (museum, squares, etc.) on maximum 15 minutes. Bike rentals also around the corner. Located in the Vondelpark area in Amsterdam, all elements needed to have a real time living the Amsterdam life.  Vondelpark (main park) on only 5 minutes walk, perfect for sportive people wishing to jog in the morning. ","Located in the Vondelpark area in Amsterdam, all elements needed to have a real time living the Amsterdam life.  Vondelpark (main park) on only 5 minutes walk, perfect for sportive people wishing to jog in the morning. ",Easy access from Schiphol airport by both bus or taxi or from Central Station by tram.,"No smoking inside allowed and no pets allowed. TV can be used, as the WIFI (password will be mentioned inside the apartment). Not too loud after 23:00 hrs outside on the balcony, in respect to the neighbors (family environment).  Not to be used as a party venue."
