"Het appartement bevind zich aan het einde van de Jordaan , maar ook op 10 minuten loopafstand van de Dam en Leidseplein, vlakbij de Anne Frank  Huis. Het is een ideale locatie in hartje Amsterdam. Het is een historische monumentale gebouw uit 1886","Our Bed & Breakfast is perfectly located in central Amsterdam, just a short stroll from Dam Square and Leidse Plein. This guest rooms is a spacious tripleroom (25m ²), which has a double and a single bed, and a dining table. It is possible to swap the double bed with two single beds (indicate beforehand). We also have a small room (7m ²) equiped with a french bed (1m20x2m00). The guest rooms share a bathroom and kitchen, and are both equipped with Wi-Fi, tv and heating. Guests can make use of the microwave, fridge and coffee-maker in the kitchen, although it is not possible to cook. Breakfast is provided on demand (extra cost). LOCATION BED & BREAKFAST Our B&B enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. It is within easy walking distance of the Anne Frank House, the van Gogh museum, Prinsengracht canal, the Amsterdam Tulip House, and a host of shops, bars, galleries, restaurants and cafés. Simple, affordable accommodation in central Amsterdam!  We are very accessible ","Het appartement bevind zich aan het einde van de Jordaan , maar ook op 10 minuten loopafstand van de Dam en Leidseplein, vlakbij de Anne Frank  Huis. Het is een ideale locatie in hartje Amsterdam. Het is een historische monumentale gebouw uit 1886 Our Bed & Breakfast is perfectly located in central Amsterdam, just a short stroll from Dam Square and Leidse Plein. This guest rooms is a spacious tripleroom (25m ²), which has a double and a single bed, and a dining table. It is possible to swap the double bed with two single beds (indicate beforehand). We also have a small room (7m ²) equiped with a french bed (1m20x2m00). The guest rooms share a bathroom and kitchen, and are both equipped with Wi-Fi, tv and heating. Guests can make use of the microwave, fridge and coffee-maker in the kitchen, although it is not possible to cook. Breakfast is provided on demand (extra cost). LOCATION BED & BREAKFAST Our B&B enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. It is within easy wal",Jordan is de meest populaire buurt in Amsterdam,"De openbaar vervoer sop bij de deur / lijn 17 en 13 , bus 170, 172 /","HOUSE RULES - Guests must check out before 12.00. - Smoking in the rooms is forbidden. Using soft- or harddrugs in the rooms is forbidden. - We will not accept any liability for any money or possessions, valuable or otherwise, left behind in the room. - We have a kitchen and bathroom shared with other guests. Therefore let these areas tidy after use . - After checking in the guest will pay 100 euro damage deposit. This is refunded after the return of the key and in case of no damages in the room. - If the guest isn't checked out at 12 o'clock the stay will be prolonguated. - Pets are not allowed. - If the rules are not obeyed, an immediate check-out will be the result."
