"This lovely canal house in the city center of Amsterdam is the perfect place for you to spend your holiday. The apartment is very bright because of many windows and location at the second floor of the building, which moreover provides you with a great wide view of one of the best canals in Amsterdam. The neighborhood is very cosy and nice, there are many different shops, bars and restaurants. The apartment is very close to the Leidse square and Anne Frank house, so the location is perfect!","This lovely canal house in the city center of Amsterdam is the perfect place for you to spend your holiday. The apartment is full of light because of the many windows and location at the second floor of the building, which moreover provides you with a great wide view of one of the best canals in Amsterdam 'Da Costakade'. the apartment is characteristic and has many special attributes like the ceiling. It creates a relax atmosphere in a warm and cosy apartment. The apartment is 55m2 and has a living room, a dining room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen and a balcony. There is a Wifi internet connection, a new Bravia 42 inch TV and has enough parking spaces in front of the building.","This lovely canal house in the city center of Amsterdam is the perfect place for you to spend your holiday. The apartment is very bright because of many windows and location at the second floor of the building, which moreover provides you with a great wide view of one of the best canals in Amsterdam. The neighborhood is very cosy and nice, there are many different shops, bars and restaurants. The apartment is very close to the Leidse square and Anne Frank house, so the location is perfect! This lovely canal house in the city center of Amsterdam is the perfect place for you to spend your holiday. The apartment is full of light because of the many windows and location at the second floor of the building, which moreover provides you with a great wide view of one of the best canals in Amsterdam 'Da Costakade'. the apartment is characteristic and has many special attributes like the ceiling. It creates a relax atmosphere in a warm and cosy apartment. The apartment is 55m2 and has a living r","The direct area is nice and quiet but as soon you go around the corner you will be at the 'Jordaan district', one of the most authentic and cosiest neighborhoods of Amsterdam, with a lot of nice restaurants, bars and shops. Besides that, also the 'Vondelpark', the home of Anne Frank, and the 'Leidse square' are on a walking distance. The main touristic attractions around 'the dam square' such as Madam Tussaud, can be reached by tram, bus or bike. Renting a bike in Amsterdam is advisable, because it is the quickest way to move around the city. Besides, it makes your Amsterdam experience complete, because all the Dutch are riding their bikes!","The best way to get around is by bike, because the most tourist venues are really close to the apartment. Otherwise you can take the tram 17 towards the city and back.","Keep it clean, dont smoke and keep my neighbours happy."
