"Plans for a citytrip? My light and feminine city apartment is just what you're looking for. Enjoy the sunny balcony, museums, restaurants, and easy access to all public transport lines. Especially suitable for women and couples.","A practically located, spacious and sunny apartment. Tastefully decorated with a blend of modern, antique and ethnic furniture with a female touch. Separate bathroom and toilet, comfortable bath tub. Cosy, spacious and well-equipped yet basic kitchen. Sunny and spacious balconies on the north and south. Please note that the space is not equipped for babies and small children.","Plans for a citytrip? My light and feminine city apartment is just what you're looking for. Enjoy the sunny balcony, museums, restaurants, and easy access to all public transport lines. Especially suitable for women and couples. A practically located, spacious and sunny apartment. Tastefully decorated with a blend of modern, antique and ethnic furniture with a female touch. Separate bathroom and toilet, comfortable bath tub. Cosy, spacious and well-equipped yet basic kitchen. Sunny and spacious balconies on the north and south. Please note that the space is not equipped for babies and small children. The whole appartment can be used. No shared spaces. I will be waiting for you upon arrival, but I will not be present during your stay. You can contact me by e-mail in advance if you have questions. During your stay you can always reach me by phone or e-mail if it's important. The location is close to the train and metro station. Only 2 metro stops away from the city centre.  Also very clo","The location is close to the train and metro station. Only 2 metro stops away from the city centre.  Also very close to museums, cinema, theatres, clubs, bars and lots of small restaurants.  I love my neighbourhood because it's near nice area's like The Pijp and the Albert Cuyp Market. Biking and walking alongside the nearby Amstel River daily, I always admire the stunning view.",Only 2 min. walking from the nearest metro station. From there only 5 min. to Amsterdam Central train station. Only 2 stops to the city centre. There's a rent-a-bike shop nearby.,"It's a non- smoking appartment, no pets and no parties please! Be considerate for the families with children living in the building."
