"House on ground floor (120m2) in uptown Amsterdam-South with 3 bedrooms and big sunny garden. Ideal for a family with 2 children. (max 4 persons, max!!! 2 adults) City centre at 10 min with tram or by bike. Vondelpark and Museum Area at 5 min!",Amsterdam-South is the quiet uptown part of the city. The master bedroom and the kitchen and living room give access to the garden. On the street side are two bedrooms for children with double glass windows.   We have one toilet and a bathroom with bath and walk in shower. The garden is on the south and has sun from morning till evening!,"House on ground floor (120m2) in uptown Amsterdam-South with 3 bedrooms and big sunny garden. Ideal for a family with 2 children. (max 4 persons, max!!! 2 adults) City centre at 10 min with tram or by bike. Vondelpark and Museum Area at 5 min! Amsterdam-South is the quiet uptown part of the city. The master bedroom and the kitchen and living room give access to the garden. On the street side are two bedrooms for children with double glass windows.   We have one toilet and a bathroom with bath and walk in shower. The garden is on the south and has sun from morning till evening! You'll have access to every room in our house accept our little house in the garden. In there is our concept 2 indoor rowing machine. If you'd like to use this we can put it in the house. In the house you have unlimited access to WiFi. Besides you can use our tv with foreign channels, apple tv and Netflix, dvd player, sonos music player. We have a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer. In the kitchen: oven and m","-Vondelpark at 5 min -museum area(Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum) at 5 min -city centre with the canals, other museums, zoo Artis and Anne Frank House at 15 min -Italian restaurant at 50 metres -lost of nice shops and two bakeries at 50 metres and an excellent cheese shop -supermarkets at few minutes","-Schiphol Airport is very easily accessible: with a taxi 35 euros to our house or cheaper: 5 min by train (only one stop) to train station nearby and then 10 min walk to our house -tram line 24 stops at 50 metres from our house: this line goes directly to Museum Square(5min) and further on to the centre(15 min) -at 10 min walk is a garage where you can park your car for 8 euros per 24 hours -from the nearby train station you can reach other big cities(Rotterdam, The Hague, Utrecht) or the north sea beaches within an hour.","We're also very experienced home exchangers( you'll find our listing 'home exchange', house nr  #161165) We have a manual of the house and a map with all the info you'll need on Amsterdam, the tourist attractions, the restaurants etc"
