,"Our Bed & Breakfast is perfectly located in central Amsterdam, just a short stroll from Dam Square and Leidse Plein. This rooms is a simple single room (7m²), equipped with a french bed (1m20 x 2m00) and can be available for two if they don't mind to sleep with two in the french bed. We als have a spacious triple room (25m²). The guest rooms share a bathroom and kitchen, and are both equipped with Wi-Fi, tv and heating. Guests can make use of the microwave, fridge and coffee-maker in the kitchen, although it is not possible to cook. Breakfast is provided on demand (extra cost). The B&B aliante enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. It is within easy walking distance of the Anne Frank House, the van Gogh museum, Prinsengracht canal, the Amsterdam Tulip House, and a host of shops, bars, galleries, restaurants and cafés. Simple, affordable accommodation in central Amsterdam! Our Bed & Breakfast is very accessible by public transport. The bus/tram stop is 50 metres a","Our Bed & Breakfast is perfectly located in central Amsterdam, just a short stroll from Dam Square and Leidse Plein. This rooms is a simple single room (7m²), equipped with a french bed (1m20 x 2m00) and can be available for two if they don't mind to sleep with two in the french bed. We als have a spacious triple room (25m²). The guest rooms share a bathroom and kitchen, and are both equipped with Wi-Fi, tv and heating. Guests can make use of the microwave, fridge and coffee-maker in the kitchen, although it is not possible to cook. Breakfast is provided on demand (extra cost). The B&B aliante enjoys a prime location close to Amsterdam's top attractions. It is within easy walking distance of the Anne Frank House, the van Gogh museum, Prinsengracht canal, the Amsterdam Tulip House, and a host of shops, bars, galleries, restaurants and cafés. Simple, affordable accommodation in central Amsterdam! Our Bed & Breakfast is very accessible by public transport. The bus/tram stop is 50 metres a",De Jordan is de meest populaire buurt in Amsterdam,"De openbaar vervoer / lijn 13 en 17 , bus 170, 172/ stop bij de deur","- Guests must check out before 12.00. - It is not possible to bring extra guests without notice to the landlord - Smoking in the rooms is forbidden. Using soft- or harddrugs in the rooms is forbidden. - We will not accept any liability for any money or possessions, valuable or otherwise, left behind in the room. - We have a kitchen and bathroom shared with other guests. Therefore let these areas tidy after use .Kitchen is only for making  breakfast , its not possible to cook. - After checking in the guest will pay 100 euro cash damage deposit. This is refunded after the return of the key and in case of no damages in the room. - If the guest isn't checked out at 12 o'clock the stay will be prolonguated. - Pets are not allowed. - If the rules are not obeyed, an immediate check-out will be the result."
