,"Location, location, location! This cosy and unique monumental appartment with wooden ceiling beams and an oak wooden floor in the heart of Amsterdam will give you a real experience of the Jordaan way of life! My appartment consists of a bedroom with a comfortable double bed, a bathroom and an open kitchen/dining and sitting room and includes Wifi, flatscreen TV and a Nespresso machine. The lively and absolute must see monday fleamarket and saturday farmersmarket both on the Noordermarkt are literally around the corner (150m), as are the countless (italian) restaurants and cafe's giving the Jordaan it's great vibe.  Within 50 meters from the doorstep you can wonder through an art gallery, a surfshop, boutiques and an upholstery. Top attractions, such as the Anne Frank house and the '9 streets'  (shopping) are a strole away. A bike rental and public transportation are easily accessible and Amsterdam Central Station is a 15 minutes walk away.  As your host I am happy to help with restaura","Location, location, location! This cosy and unique monumental appartment with wooden ceiling beams and an oak wooden floor in the heart of Amsterdam will give you a real experience of the Jordaan way of life! My appartment consists of a bedroom with a comfortable double bed, a bathroom and an open kitchen/dining and sitting room and includes Wifi, flatscreen TV and a Nespresso machine. The lively and absolute must see monday fleamarket and saturday farmersmarket both on the Noordermarkt are literally around the corner (150m), as are the countless (italian) restaurants and cafe's giving the Jordaan it's great vibe.  Within 50 meters from the doorstep you can wonder through an art gallery, a surfshop, boutiques and an upholstery. Top attractions, such as the Anne Frank house and the '9 streets'  (shopping) are a strole away. A bike rental and public transportation are easily accessible and Amsterdam Central Station is a 15 minutes walk away.  As your host I am happy to help with restaura",,,"Please treat my house and my neighbours as it/they were your own. No parties, no drugs, no smoking."
