"Our big 5 room apartment is part of a sustainable neighbourhood. Nearby you'll find the Westerpark, famous for its cultural events and lots of recreational space. In 10 minutes you walk to the cosy quarter called Jordaan. Fun!","The apartment is unique because it is built with sustainable materials and the roof of the apartment building is green, therebye functioning as an ecological stepping stone in the middle of the city. Since the apartment covers 120 square meters it easily hosts 4 persons.","Our big 5 room apartment is part of a sustainable neighbourhood. Nearby you'll find the Westerpark, famous for its cultural events and lots of recreational space. In 10 minutes you walk to the cosy quarter called Jordaan. Fun! The apartment is unique because it is built with sustainable materials and the roof of the apartment building is green, therebye functioning as an ecological stepping stone in the middle of the city. Since the apartment covers 120 square meters it easily hosts 4 persons. Guests have access to the beautiful garden and the balcony. As hostess I shall meet my guests when they arrive and greet them when they leave. The location of the apartment is unique because within 15 minutes our guests reach the Leidseplein. At the same time they get a suburban feeling in the Westerpark, a hot spot for many young urban professionals and elder citizens. Constructed by landscape architect Gustaffson in 2003 this parc breathes an entrepreneurial but relaxing atmosphere due to the i","The location of the apartment is unique because within 15 minutes our guests reach the Leidseplein. At the same time they get a suburban feeling in the Westerpark, a hot spot for many young urban professionals and elder citizens. Constructed by landscape architect Gustaffson in 2003 this parc breathes an entrepreneurial but relaxing atmosphere due to the impressive green details. ",Take from Central Station bus no 21 Direction Geuzenveld. Leave at the second bus stop at the van Hallstraat. Walk towards the water tower. Behind the tower is our Street. For the bus stop you need a 1 minute walk (bus to central station) for the tramway a 2 minute walk.,Treat our house as you would treat your own house. Please no smoking and no pets.
