"Charlie + Coco are looking forward to welcome you in Amsterdam. You will find this cozy apartment in the middle of the lively neighbourhood the Pijp, often referred to as Amsterdam's 'Quartier Latin'. The apartment is located in a quite street at short walking distance to the world famous AlbertCuyp market, and streets with a diversity of shops, coffeebars and art galeries.","The apartment is on the 2nd floor in a house, which is typical for this area of Amsterdam. The cozy furnished livingroom is located on the front of the house and has a french balcony. It has a comfortable sofa, a desk, tv and a lounge chair. Via the corridor you enter the modern bathroom (shower, sink and toilet), and the kitchen/dining room. In the modern kitchen with all new equipment  you will find everything to make a delicious meal. Via the dining room with hudge dining table you can reach the 2 bedrooms, 1 with a double bed and 1 with a single bed. The diningroom and livingroom can be separated by a slidingdoor. On the back of the house you will find a nice balcony, perfect for summer. Free Wifi is available.  Charlie + Coco are happy to provide you with all the information you need to make the most out of your stay in Amsterdam! Discover Amsterdam's newest local spots, which aren't in the tourist' guides yet.  Just around the corner of the apartment you will find several tramlin","Charlie + Coco are looking forward to welcome you in Amsterdam. You will find this cozy apartment in the middle of the lively neighbourhood the Pijp, often referred to as Amsterdam's 'Quartier Latin'. The apartment is located in a quite street at short walking distance to the world famous AlbertCuyp market, and streets with a diversity of shops, coffeebars and art galeries. The apartment is on the 2nd floor in a house, which is typical for this area of Amsterdam. The cozy furnished livingroom is located on the front of the house and has a french balcony. It has a comfortable sofa, a desk, tv and a lounge chair. Via the corridor you enter the modern bathroom (shower, sink and toilet), and the kitchen/dining room. In the modern kitchen with all new equipment  you will find everything to make a delicious meal. Via the dining room with hudge dining table you can reach the 2 bedrooms, 1 with a double bed and 1 with a single bed. The diningroom and livingroom can be separated by a slidingdoo","Het appartement ligt in een rustige straat op loopafstand van de Albert Cuypmarkt en talloze verborgen straatjes met de leukste winkeltjes, koffietentjes en kunstgaleries. Verder vind je in de Pijp veel gezellige restaurantjes en cafeetjes verstopt in de smalle lange straten.","Om de hoek van het appartement komen verschillende trams welke je binnen enkele minuten naar alle bezienswaardigheden brengt. Het appartement is makkelijk te bereiken vanaf vliegveld Schiphol, 30 min met het openbaar vervoer.",
