"This Amsterdam apartment is  located in the heart of Amsterdam ,on a walking distance from the main cultural sights , Vondelpark, shops and bars. The house has all the charms to be your home away from home in Amsterdam. ","Location is key ! 5 min walk from all main museums. Rijks museum, Stedelijk museum , Heineken. But also walking distance from the heart of nightlife and shopping area.  Also not far from RAI.   Charming quiet street though.","This Amsterdam apartment is  located in the heart of Amsterdam ,on a walking distance from the main cultural sights , Vondelpark, shops and bars. The house has all the charms to be your home away from home in Amsterdam.  Location is key ! 5 min walk from all main museums. Rijks museum, Stedelijk museum , Heineken. But also walking distance from the heart of nightlife and shopping area.  Also not far from RAI.   Charming quiet street though. 2 large bedrooms with double beds 2 bathrooms 2 toilets fully equipped kitchen 1 tv room 1 library living room IF YOU BOOK FOR 2 PAX WE ARRANGE ONE ROOM. IF YOU LIKE TO HAVE 2 ROOMS PLEASE FILL IN 4 PAX. SO WE KNOW TO ARRANGE 2 ROOMS. THERE IS ADDITIONAL CHARGE. THANK YOU. I like to welcome them as my guests.  But will give them the feeling its their house for a weekend. The house is located 5 min walking distance from museum plein , rembrant and leidseplein. Where the main museums are located. ( Rijks, Stedelijk, Heineken )  But we are also 5 minut","The house is located 5 min walking distance from museum plein , rembrant and leidseplein. Where the main museums are located. ( Rijks, Stedelijk, Heineken )  But we are also 5 minutes away for the nightlife and shopping area. The tram 16 and 24 stops right in front of the street and we have a bike rental shop under our house. It doesn't get any easier. For people attending the RAI . its a 20 min walking or 5 min taxi ride.",Tram that takes you to central station and all other places in the city stops literally in front of our street !  line 16 or 24 ,If it was to be their own house
