,"Situated right in the heart of the most beautifull part of Amsterdam this charming familly house. The house is situated in the Jordaan overlooking the  Prinsengracht and facing the famous Noordermarkt with its trendy markets on Monday and Saturday and its lovely church. The house is 18m2 deep and gives a bit of a loft feeling. It has an open kitchen and livingroom with fireplace. The bedroom has a bathroom and a doubble bed that can also be used as lounge bed. Downstairs there is a big hall way where you can find a washing machine and a dryer.Also downstairs there is a big room for the kids that has 3 beds and an extra double matras. Also this room has 2 little lavabo's where u can brush your theeth and wash quickly overlooking the Noordermarkt. The appartment has 2 tv's, a computer and wifi. There is also a dishwasher, a seperate toilet and you can borrow our bikes if u promise to look them well. The house is a 10 minutes walk from the Central Station, 5 minutes from the Anne Frank Ho","Situated right in the heart of the most beautifull part of Amsterdam this charming familly house. The house is situated in the Jordaan overlooking the  Prinsengracht and facing the famous Noordermarkt with its trendy markets on Monday and Saturday and its lovely church. The house is 18m2 deep and gives a bit of a loft feeling. It has an open kitchen and livingroom with fireplace. The bedroom has a bathroom and a doubble bed that can also be used as lounge bed. Downstairs there is a big hall way where you can find a washing machine and a dryer.Also downstairs there is a big room for the kids that has 3 beds and an extra double matras. Also this room has 2 little lavabo's where u can brush your theeth and wash quickly overlooking the Noordermarkt. The appartment has 2 tv's, a computer and wifi. There is also a dishwasher, a seperate toilet and you can borrow our bikes if u promise to look them well. The house is a 10 minutes walk from the Central Station, 5 minutes from the Anne Frank Ho",,,"We would like visitors to take good care of our house; basically the regular things. Switch off the lights when you leave the house, the turn of the heating when it's not needed anymore, lock well the door when you leave the house, lock the bikes if you use them, It all comes down to just treat the house and our stuff with a liitle respect and it will respect you..."
