"This appartment is very suitable for a young family with a baby, as we have a fully equipped baby room.","Our apartment is conveniently located in the centre of Amsterdam, close to many of the great attractions Amsterdam has to offer, such as the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseums, the Jordaan neighbourhood or the Dam square. The apartment is situated in a quiet and friendly part of the centre, with shops around the corner. The subway and trainstations are nearby and the highway-exit is close. We have two bikes that you can use during your stay in Amsterdam. The house itself has 4 rooms: a double living with an open kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. A large balcony which catches the afternoon sun is the finishing touch. Of course internet and digital TV are present, as well as 2 complementary bikes to get around the city! All other amenities you would expect in your own home are available, such as a nepresso machine, dishwasher, washingmachine, all cooking equipment and the likes. Would you worry about the Dutch winter: the central heating is more than adequate! Parking is available right in fr","Our apartment is conveniently located in the centre of Amsterdam, close to many of the great attractions Amsterdam has to offer, such as the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseums, the Jordaan neighbourhood or the Dam square. The apartment is situated in a quiet and friendly part of the centre, with shops around the corner. The subway and trainstations are nearby and the highway-exit is close. We have two bikes that you can use during your stay in Amsterdam. The house itself has 4 rooms: a double living with an open kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. A large balcony which catches the afternoon sun is the finishing touch. Of course internet and digital TV are present, as well as 2 complementary bikes to get around the city! All other amenities you would expect in your own home are available, such as a nepresso machine, dishwasher, washingmachine, all cooking equipment and the likes. Would you worry about the Dutch winter: the central heating is more than adequate! Parking is available right in fr",,,
