"A beautiful apartment in the city center of Amsterdam with highlights like Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum and PC Hoofstraat in just a short walking distance away.","Hi there! We have a great apartment (70 m2) across the Vondelpark and near Leidseplein at the Overtoom and Rijksmuseum. The entrance of the park is next to the Vondel church. You will enjoy the company of our 2 other 'residents', the female CATS Sem & Eve! The living room has huge windows and a balcony at front where you can enjoy the view, have your breakfast etc. The location is a great escape from the touristic centers of the city and gives you great access to the beautiful Vondelpark and other highlights like Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk museum. We have good instructions of the city so you can have an easy time getting to all the major sites of Amsterdam. Tram 1 stops in front of the apartment and will get your everywhere in town. Around the corner and in near Leidseplein you can easily rent bikes. Or you can enjoy the city by walk! Everything is near by. The apartment has a living room, bedroom with double bed and closet to use, bathroom with bathtub and washing machine, toilet and k","A beautiful apartment in the city center of Amsterdam with highlights like Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum and PC Hoofstraat in just a short walking distance away. Hi there! We have a great apartment (70 m2) across the Vondelpark and near Leidseplein at the Overtoom and Rijksmuseum. The entrance of the park is next to the Vondel church. You will enjoy the company of our 2 other 'residents', the female CATS Sem & Eve! The living room has huge windows and a balcony at front where you can enjoy the view, have your breakfast etc. The location is a great escape from the touristic centers of the city and gives you great access to the beautiful Vondelpark and other highlights like Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk museum. We have good instructions of the city so you can have an easy time getting to all the major sites of Amsterdam. Tram 1 stops in front of the apartment and will get your everywhere in town. Around the corner and in near Leidseplein you can easily rent bikes. Or you can enjoy the city by walk",,,"You only have to cuddle, feed and enjoy the company of our 2 cats Sem & Eve. The rest..: enjoy Amsterdam!"
