"Little Prince is a charming 2-floor private, small canal house situated on the Prinsengracht. Little Prince has a small backyard garden. Perfect for a couple. Please note that there is also a cat staying in the house.","Little Prince is a small private canal house. Stylishly furnished and in the centre of the Amsterdam canal area, close to Leidsesquare, the Amstelveld (most beautiful square in this city) and the Magere Brug (famous skinny bridge). The neighborhood is famous for restaurants and boutiques (Utrechtsestraat) Popular theaters and museums are on walking distance (The Hermitage, Opera House, Museum Square, Royal Carre). The two bedrooms and bathroom are on the lower level. One bedroom is equipped with a  king size box spring (140 x 200)  and has its own ensuite bathroom. The second bedroom has a 1 person bed. There is a separate toilet near the entrance.  The upper floor consists of a lounge area and a kitchen. In the living room there is a (bed)sofa, a dining table with 6 chairs, cabinet and writing desk. The kitchen is fully equipped.  The apartment is equipped with wireless internet. A cat, 4 years old, lives in the Little Prince and needs to be feeded!","Little Prince is a charming 2-floor private, small canal house situated on the Prinsengracht. Little Prince has a small backyard garden. Perfect for a couple. Please note that there is also a cat staying in the house. Little Prince is a small private canal house. Stylishly furnished and in the centre of the Amsterdam canal area, close to Leidsesquare, the Amstelveld (most beautiful square in this city) and the Magere Brug (famous skinny bridge). The neighborhood is famous for restaurants and boutiques (Utrechtsestraat) Popular theaters and museums are on walking distance (The Hermitage, Opera House, Museum Square, Royal Carre). The two bedrooms and bathroom are on the lower level. One bedroom is equipped with a  king size box spring (140 x 200)  and has its own ensuite bathroom. The second bedroom has a 1 person bed. There is a separate toilet near the entrance.  The upper floor consists of a lounge area and a kitchen. In the living room there is a (bed)sofa, a dining table with 6 chai","Sometimes Amsterdam is referred to as the smallest really cosmopolitan city in the world. Top museums, top music, top art, top architecture, top places to drink and dine, top airport at only 25 minutes, top laid back atmosphere. Little Prince is right in the City Center. Very close to Museum area and the Utrechtsestraat, the hip & trendy shopping & restaurant street.",Tramways are very close . Only 2 minutes walk.,A cat lives in the house
