,"A beautiful, quiet apartment in the center of Amsterdam. First floor of a characteristic Amsterdam house build in 1890. Wonderful view over the ‘Singelgracht’- canal. 74m2. Spacious living. Fully equipped modern half-open kitchen. Bedroom with a double bed and another separate room with an single sleeping couch. Nice old wooden floor. Wireless Internet. Nassaukade is a street in West Amsterdam, on the banks of the canal between the Nassau Square and the Overtoom. The street is part of a series of three building situated on the canal quays, that the center boundary. The Nassaukade makes with the line located Stadhouderskade and Mauritskade part of the s100, the Amsterdaminner ring. The westside of the center of Amsterdam. Lots of nice bars and restaurants around. Very close to the Leidseplein, the 9-Streets and the Vondelpark. However very close to the tourists attractions, the apartment itself is very quiet and idyllic. We're a couple of theater directors working in both the Netherland","A beautiful, quiet apartment in the center of Amsterdam. First floor of a characteristic Amsterdam house build in 1890. Wonderful view over the ‘Singelgracht’- canal. 74m2. Spacious living. Fully equipped modern half-open kitchen. Bedroom with a double bed and another separate room with an single sleeping couch. Nice old wooden floor. Wireless Internet. Nassaukade is a street in West Amsterdam, on the banks of the canal between the Nassau Square and the Overtoom. The street is part of a series of three building situated on the canal quays, that the center boundary. The Nassaukade makes with the line located Stadhouderskade and Mauritskade part of the s100, the Amsterdaminner ring. The westside of the center of Amsterdam. Lots of nice bars and restaurants around. Very close to the Leidseplein, the 9-Streets and the Vondelpark. However very close to the tourists attractions, the apartment itself is very quiet and idyllic. We're a couple of theater directors working in both the Netherland",,There's a tram stop for several trams and a Bus station only 400 meters from the apartment. Most interesting places in the center however are in walking distance,"We have no cleaning service, nor do we charge money for it. So we ask you to leave the apartment in the same state you found it when you came in. Simply clean and tidy. Regular check-out time is noon, but when there are no other guests arriving we can sometimes be flexible with that."
