This (60m2) charming private apartment is located in the most famous centre and area of Amsterdam; The Jordaan district.,"This (60m2) charming private apartment is located in the most famous centre and area of Amsterdam; The Jordaan district. Although the Jordaan is a lively neighborhood and home to many galleries and restaurants, the apartment is situated in a charming, quiet street. But just around the corner you have musea, theatre, Anne Frank house, Vondelpark, the Nine Streets with all the  Dutch designer shops and many many bars and restaurants. Staying in the Jordaan is the best way to experience the unique atmosphere of Amsterdam. There is a very good connection with public transport. The apartment is located on ground floor and you have a very nice garden at the back (sun untill 1 o'clock) and the canal at the front of the house with a big platform (sun from 1 o'clock) in the canal (so no cars in front of the apartment). There is 1 bedroom, a babyroom, livingroom and seperate kitchen. The bedroom, babyroom and kitchen have folding doors to the garden. The apartment is well equiped with all possib","This (60m2) charming private apartment is located in the most famous centre and area of Amsterdam; The Jordaan district. This (60m2) charming private apartment is located in the most famous centre and area of Amsterdam; The Jordaan district. Although the Jordaan is a lively neighborhood and home to many galleries and restaurants, the apartment is situated in a charming, quiet street. But just around the corner you have musea, theatre, Anne Frank house, Vondelpark, the Nine Streets with all the  Dutch designer shops and many many bars and restaurants. Staying in the Jordaan is the best way to experience the unique atmosphere of Amsterdam. There is a very good connection with public transport. The apartment is located on ground floor and you have a very nice garden at the back (sun untill 1 o'clock) and the canal at the front of the house with a big platform (sun from 1 o'clock) in the canal (so no cars in front of the apartment). There is 1 bedroom, a babyroom, livingroom and seperate k",,You only have to walk 3 minutes to catch a bus or tram. There is a direct bus (197) riding from the airport Schiphol to our appartment.,"Non smoking, but feel free to smoke in our garden."
