"A bright and charming apartment, located in one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Perfect for a short holiday, but also very comfortable for longer stays.","Located on the 2nd floor in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam.  On the front side of the house you will find a comfortable bedroom with queen sized bed. The sofa in the living area turns into a comfortable double bed as well. There are sliding doors between the bedroom and living room.  The open plan kitchen is fully equipped with everything you might need during your stay. Including a fridge, Nespresso machine, kettle, 5 pit stove, a microwave and a dish washer. A washing machine & dryer are available as well. Connected to the living area you will find a balcony with a relaxing view on the neighbors' gardens. The bathroom is huge (for Amsterdam standards) and contains a bath tub, a shower, a sink and a toilet. - No elevator in the building and only accessible by Amsterdam (steep) stairs, not suitable for people with immobility problems - Cable TV + Wi-Fi are free of charge - Towels and bed linen are provided - Coffee, tea and sugar are complimentary - Smoking is not allowed","A bright and charming apartment, located in one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Perfect for a short holiday, but also very comfortable for longer stays. Located on the 2nd floor in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam.  On the front side of the house you will find a comfortable bedroom with queen sized bed. The sofa in the living area turns into a comfortable double bed as well. There are sliding doors between the bedroom and living room.  The open plan kitchen is fully equipped with everything you might need during your stay. Including a fridge, Nespresso machine, kettle, 5 pit stove, a microwave and a dish washer. A washing machine & dryer are available as well. Connected to the living area you will find a balcony with a relaxing view on the neighbors' gardens. The bathroom is huge (for Amsterdam standards) and contains a bath tub, a shower, a sink and a toilet. - No elevator in the building and only accessible by Amsterdam (steep) stairs, not sui","Located in ""de Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. It’s just a short tram or metro ride south of Central Station & on the border of the historical city centre. The neighbourhood itself is hip and happening with lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs. The famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and the ""Heineken” brewery are around the corner. Within 5 minutes walk to ""Museum"" square and 10 minutes to nightlife center ""Leidseplein”.","Conveniently located on the border of the city center, most attractions will be on walking distance. With a metro stop and a tram stop around the corner it’s also very easy to go around by public transport. The metro will take you to Central Station in about 10 minutes. Unfortunately parking is quite expensive in our neighborhood. If you don't need your car during your stay I can recommend cheaper places on the border of town. If you are interested in renting a bicycle during your stay let me know. I can have them delivered to the apartment for you.","PLEASE NOTE: it's NOT possible to check-in after midnight (don't book if you are landing after 10.30pm) Bare in mind the late check-in fees as mentioned in the listing: - between 17.00 - 21.00 = €25 - between 21.00 - midnight = €50 Feel at home, but don't forget you are staying in a residential building and be considerate of the neighbors"
