"Live like local in this cute 45m2 apartment in early 20th century building. Near shops, boutiques, farmers market, Foodhallen etc. The Leidseplein entertainment district is just a 15 minute walk away, and public transportation is around the corner.","This charming one bedroom apartment is on the second floor above a shop. It was renovated a couple of years ago. Even though it is small, it has everything you need. A shower room with toilet and sink, a separate bright bedroom with double bed, comfortable living room with couch, dining table, electric fire place, digital television, wifi internet, and there is a fully equipped kitchen and a small balcony.","Live like local in this cute 45m2 apartment in early 20th century building. Near shops, boutiques, farmers market, Foodhallen etc. The Leidseplein entertainment district is just a 15 minute walk away, and public transportation is around the corner. This charming one bedroom apartment is on the second floor above a shop. It was renovated a couple of years ago. Even though it is small, it has everything you need. A shower room with toilet and sink, a separate bright bedroom with double bed, comfortable living room with couch, dining table, electric fire place, digital television, wifi internet, and there is a fully equipped kitchen and a small balcony. This is my own home, it's not a hotel. During your stay I will not be there, and you will have full privacy. But do note that I will leave most of my personal belongings in the apartment. However, I will make sure that it is clean and nothing will be in your way. Sheets, towels, soap and shampoo will be provided. I will welcome you to my h","Oud-West is a very populair neighbourhood in Amsterdam. It borders the Vondelpark and the downtown area. The Leidseplein entertainment area is a 15 minute walk away, and all the famous museums are 20 minutes on foot. Oud-West is filled with nice restaurants, bars, shops, boutiques, and you can get your fresh vegetables and cheese on the daily street market. The recently opened 'Foodhallen', a large culinary food court, is just two minutes away.","Easy access to 6 different tram lines. Central Station is 15 minutes, Schiphol Airport can be reached under 30 minutes. Very limited (and expensive) on street parking available.",This apartment is not suitable for pets and children. No smoking allowed. Please treat my home with respect and consideration. This is not a party home.
