"Child friendly apartment on ground floor with beautiful garden and trampoline. Walking distance from supermarkets, organic shops, fruit market, restaurants,  snack places, the Vondelpark, playgrounds, cafés, bars, coffeeshops.","It is a beautiful simple ground floor apartment with a nice garden. The place is furnished both for one couple and a small child. Our daughter is 8 years old, has her own bed and toys and furniture her size. The garden is nice to eat in these summer nights, have a glass of wine or just jump in the trampoline.","Child friendly apartment on ground floor with beautiful garden and trampoline. Walking distance from supermarkets, organic shops, fruit market, restaurants,  snack places, the Vondelpark, playgrounds, cafés, bars, coffeeshops. It is a beautiful simple ground floor apartment with a nice garden. The place is furnished both for one couple and a small child. Our daughter is 8 years old, has her own bed and toys and furniture her size. The garden is nice to eat in these summer nights, have a glass of wine or just jump in the trampoline. The house is furnished with everything necessary to cook and for other necessary items for a nice stay. I am away for a few weeks with my family so a friend will be there to receive you with the keys, instructions for the house and nice tips. The neighborhood is family like, calm, very close to Vondelpark, the main park in the city. The street 2 minutes walk from supermarket, flower shops, cafés, organic shops, snack shops, restaurants and other kinds of sho","The neighborhood is family like, calm, very close to Vondelpark, the main park in the city. The street 2 minutes walk from supermarket, flower shops, cafés, organic shops, snack shops, restaurants and other kinds of shops. There are different outside playground for children in the neighborhood.","The house is between Kinkerstraat and Overtoom, both streets with trams and buses passing regularly. To come from Centraal Station is one tram line direct to any of them.","No smoking, no pets allowed, no parties. I would like to have people who are caring with the house."
