Old Dutch inland barge fully rebuilt and equipped with all modern convienience to accommodate a family and enjoy Amsterdam in tranquility and style,"This 1923 cargo vessel of the so called 'Luxe Motor' class has been totally refitted for comfortable living. With over 100m2 of living space it occupies 4 adults. Or 2 adults and 2 children - at least, that's how we live in it. There are two bedrooms, one large living room, one large kitchen, a bathroom, a toilet and a bridge The master bedroom has a queen size bed (160x200) and includes air conditioning. The kids bedroom has two high separate ship beds (80x200), including integrated stairs and protection from dropping out of bed. The 35m2 living room has a big lounge sofa, chair, desk to work on, television, wood stove and piano The large kitchen in the aft is equipped with all that's necessary to be the chef and a big table to enjoy the chef's work at. The bathroom is equipped with a comfortable  walk-in shower, a spacious bath and a double sink In the separate toilet there are also a washing machine and a dryer. Probably the best place to be is the bridge which has a magnificent vie","Old Dutch inland barge fully rebuilt and equipped with all modern convienience to accommodate a family and enjoy Amsterdam in tranquility and style This 1923 cargo vessel of the so called 'Luxe Motor' class has been totally refitted for comfortable living. With over 100m2 of living space it occupies 4 adults. Or 2 adults and 2 children - at least, that's how we live in it. There are two bedrooms, one large living room, one large kitchen, a bathroom, a toilet and a bridge The master bedroom has a queen size bed (160x200) and includes air conditioning. The kids bedroom has two high separate ship beds (80x200), including integrated stairs and protection from dropping out of bed. The 35m2 living room has a big lounge sofa, chair, desk to work on, television, wood stove and piano The large kitchen in the aft is equipped with all that's necessary to be the chef and a big table to enjoy the chef's work at. The bathroom is equipped with a comfortable  walk-in shower, a spacious bath and a doub","The neighborhood is considered one of the best and most modern of Amsterdam. The former docklands have been transformed into a beautiful and architectural high-class area. Even though it's very close to the lively city centre, the living here is laid-back, tranquil and very save.","Bus and tram directly to city centre at walking distance. P+R 'Zeeburg' for moderate priced parking nearby. To reach our boat from the airport public transport is the cheapest way. Take the train from Shiphol airport to Amsterdam central station. From there bus 48 to 'Borneo eiland'. From last stop, walk in 2 minutes to our boat. Easier but much more expensive is to take the taxi. Try getting into one of the 100 Tesla model S all electric taxis stationed at he airport for a sustainable trip. ",
