"My cute home is located in the city center of Amsterdam, 5 minutes away from the lively east quarter. You can visit the famous IJ beer brewery just around the corner. The Amsterdam zoo is super close. In short, this place is a gem!",My house is very light and gives off a spacious feeling. This place is perfect for a couple or one person. Nice extra's are the roof-terras and a french balcony to enjoy your stay.  Amenities include  -One bedroom (two person bed)  -Bathroom with a shower  -Kitchen that which includes a refrigerator and oven -Wi-Fi Internet  -Towels and Linen included  -Balcony,"My cute home is located in the city center of Amsterdam, 5 minutes away from the lively east quarter. You can visit the famous IJ beer brewery just around the corner. The Amsterdam zoo is super close. In short, this place is a gem! My house is very light and gives off a spacious feeling. This place is perfect for a couple or one person. Nice extra's are the roof-terras and a french balcony to enjoy your stay.  Amenities include  -One bedroom (two person bed)  -Bathroom with a shower  -Kitchen that which includes a refrigerator and oven -Wi-Fi Internet  -Towels and Linen included  -Balcony Wifi Washingmachine Bluetooth sound-system Oven I wont be here. My friend, and/or neighbor, will help you if you have any questions and she will also hand you  the keys and receive them back. There is a supermarket on 3 minute walking distance. The Dapper Market, which is known to be one of the most lively markets in Amsterdam, is on 10 minute walking distance. The famous IJ beer brewery is a popular ","There is a supermarket on 3 minute walking distance. The Dapper Market, which is known to be one of the most lively markets in Amsterdam, is on 10 minute walking distance. The famous IJ beer brewery is a popular local spot, where local beer is brewed. This street is one of the most beautiful streets in Amsterdam. The view from my balcony is absolutely   breathtaking, in short a beautiful Amsterdam experience.  ","There is a bus on 5 min walking distance. Every ten minutes, bus 22 goes directly to the central station within 5 minutes. You can also walk to the waterloo square from here, which will take you about 15 minutes walking. Otherwise you can rent a bike at the central station.","I am looking for people who want to explore the city actively. If you want to come home to have a nice evening with a beautiful view from the balcony and a sweet night sleep in a comfy bed, this is a beautiful and romantic spot. Smoking inside the house and late night parties are prohibited."
