"Our house with garden gives a country feeling in the city. It's walking distance from a lovely park with a lake and you have direct access to the city by metro.  Ziggo Dome, Heineken Music Hall, the Arena and the Rai are all close by and Schiphol airport is easily accessible.","Our 4 bedroomed house is in a very quiet and green area with plenty of free parking spaces right next to the house. The guest room is equipped with a large comfortable double bed, a wardrobe, draws and a small table. Towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided. ","Our house with garden gives a country feeling in the city. It's walking distance from a lovely park with a lake and you have direct access to the city by metro.  Ziggo Dome, Heineken Music Hall, the Arena and the Rai are all close by and Schiphol airport is easily accessible. Our 4 bedroomed house is in a very quiet and green area with plenty of free parking spaces right next to the house. The guest room is equipped with a large comfortable double bed, a wardrobe, draws and a small table. Towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided.  There is a bathroom with bath/shower and toilet which is shared with the owners. The kitchen can be used for making tea, coffee and a bite to eat for breakfast.  Clothes can be washed upon request for a small fee. We all lead busy lives so we are in and out of the house all day but we are available for any questions about the surrounding area and we always greet our guests personally.   There is a lovely park with a lake just a few minutes walk from the ho","There is a lovely park with a lake just a few minutes walk from the house which is nice for walking, cycling, jogging, swim and sunbathing at the lakeside.  There is a small shopping centre within walking distance with a couple of supermarkets, some lovely  shops, local cafes and the metro which runs directly to the city of Amsterdam in approx. 20 minutes.  The Arena, Ziggo Dome, Heineken Music Hall, a cinema which shows films in original language and a large shopping centre with a lot of well-known boutiques is a couple of stops ride with the metro. The Rai is also just 15 minutes with the metro.  If you want to get away from the city there are a couple of lovely villages close by which are reachable by car. ","Public transport is available regularly until approximately midnight,  after that there are night buses. The Dutch public transport website 9292 is also in English which will guide you to all your destinations from door to door. ",Smoking is not permitted in our house including in front of the doors. No pets allowed.
