Beautiful cosy and fully equiped apartment in Amsterdam city centre with everything you need to relax and enjoy your stay.,"The ground floor apartment has large open windows making it a bright and airy apartment with the living area and kitchen on a split level up some stair and the bedroom and bathroom on the ground floor.  The modern kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, crockery and all the other essentials. There is a kitchen island and dining table to make cooking and eating a social occasion. The relaxed living area has a relaxing couch and a television so you can chill out and unwind. There is a large newly renovated double bedroom with a king size bed with closets. There is a newly-fitted bathroom with bath and shower. Fresh clean towels and bedding are provided for all. There is internet and central heating throughout. When you arrive you will discover it entirely polished to perfection, with clean towels and bedding ready for you to enjoy your stay.","Beautiful cosy and fully equiped apartment in Amsterdam city centre with everything you need to relax and enjoy your stay. The ground floor apartment has large open windows making it a bright and airy apartment with the living area and kitchen on a split level up some stair and the bedroom and bathroom on the ground floor.  The modern kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, crockery and all the other essentials. There is a kitchen island and dining table to make cooking and eating a social occasion. The relaxed living area has a relaxing couch and a television so you can chill out and unwind. There is a large newly renovated double bedroom with a king size bed with closets. There is a newly-fitted bathroom with bath and shower. Fresh clean towels and bedding are provided for all. There is internet and central heating throughout. When you arrive you will discover it entirely polished to perfection, with clean towels and bedding ready for you to enjoy your stay. This ",,,House parties and pets are not allowed!
