"Wonderful, spacious and bright room on the best location historical center.Nice view to the Amsterdam Museum's patio, very quite at day and night.","It's a historic building from XVIII on 2 floors full equipment. Unique, beautiful, cosy and spacious house completely restored on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Beautiful cosy and spacious historical house, on 2 floors completely reformed on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Short walk to all the main place on the city.1 min walking from Dam Square, 2 min to Flower Market, 5 min to Red Light District, Rembrandt Square or Anna Frank's house, on the best location historical center. It's a shared bathroom, kitchen and living room. I use to give preference for my guest used the shared areas.  Amsterdam is a great city,the location is perfect for short or long stay. Very central whit plenty of shop, museums, bars, clubs, coffee shops and restaurant around the area. I have a little cat","Wonderful, spacious and bright room on the best location historical center.Nice view to the Amsterdam Museum's patio, very quite at day and night. It's a historic building from XVIII on 2 floors full equipment. Unique, beautiful, cosy and spacious house completely restored on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Beautiful cosy and spacious historical house, on 2 floors completely reformed on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Short walk to all the main place on the city.1 min walking from Dam Square, 2 min to Flower Market, 5 min to Red Light District, Rembrandt Square or Anna Frank's house, on the best location historical center. It's a shared bathroom, kitchen and living room. I use to give preference for my guest used the shared areas.  Amsterdam is a great city,the location is perfect for short or long stay. Very central whit plenty of shop, museums, bars, clubs, coffee shops and restaurant around the area. I have a little cat Kitchen, living room and toilet","The best location in town.Fully of shop, restaurant,terrace,coffee shop,museum,transport,etc.","Just 1 min walk you are in Dam Square full a tram stop and 1 stop away to central station. It's a 1 min walking to Dam Square or Flower Market and 4 รณ 5 min walking to Anna Frank's house,Rembrandt Square,Red light district,China town or Niuwmarkt.","All the people are welcome and have to be respectful .You have to know how to live in the house  , good ambient , friendly . You  can smoke (  be careful under your responsibility ) and be happy. No house parties, respect the neighbor and the neighborhood. Welcome to Amsterdam."
