"For November 2017 and Jan/Feb 2018.  In Jordan area, 60m2, a very nice,light,bright living room with a great view and colorful furniture, a large bedroom with a very comfortable king-size bed (1.80 x 2.10), a kitchen with all utilities, a bathroom with bath.","Rent will be excluding electricity and gas use, we will calculate how much you have used and we will deduct that from the security deposit you have paid. 500 Meters from Anne Frank House/ Westerchurch and 500 Meters from Leidseplein. 4 Tram-lines and many buses on 100 meters. We are offering  our beautifully located 2nd floor apartment. It is a spacious bright and light 60 m2 apartment.  LOOKING OUT ON TWO CANALS. We have windows on 3 sides of our apartment and the most amazing city-view from our colorful light & bright living area. Our living room has a big flat-screen TV with cable. There is a lovely bedroom with a very comfortable 180-210 King bed, a TV, DVD, and 2 wardrobes. Our kitchen has all facilities: fridge, freezer, oven, toaster, and you can cook your own food on gas. We offer the use of our pans, plates, cups etc.   We have a bathroom with a BATH-TUB which will be lovely for you to use! The location is PERFECT, in the city centre, Jordan area, close to the 9 Streets, Anne ","For November 2017 and Jan/Feb 2018.  In Jordan area, 60m2, a very nice,light,bright living room with a great view and colorful furniture, a large bedroom with a very comfortable king-size bed (1.80 x 2.10), a kitchen with all utilities, a bathroom with bath. Rent will be excluding electricity and gas use, we will calculate how much you have used and we will deduct that from the security deposit you have paid. 500 Meters from Anne Frank House/ Westerchurch and 500 Meters from Leidseplein. 4 Tram-lines and many buses on 100 meters. We are offering  our beautifully located 2nd floor apartment. It is a spacious bright and light 60 m2 apartment.  LOOKING OUT ON TWO CANALS. We have windows on 3 sides of our apartment and the most amazing city-view from our colorful light & bright living area. Our living room has a big flat-screen TV with cable. There is a lovely bedroom with a very comfortable 180-210 King bed, a TV, DVD, and 2 wardrobes. Our kitchen has all facilities: fridge, freezer, oven",Jordan Area,"right in front of the house, 4 tram lines and different busses.",No smoking. No party's. No pets. No walking with (high) heels on our wooden floor. Please be respectful of our neighbours!
