"Enjoy a relaxed break in the famous, picturesque Jordaan area of Amsterdam with all amenities and attractions close at hand.","Amsterdam City Centre Apartment – TOP location! This beautiful apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, located beside a tranquil canal in the famous 'De 9 Straatjes' shopping area, is just 10 minutes walk to Dam Square, the Anne Frank house and Museumplein and 5 minutes wall to Leidseplein. It is well serviced by trams and surrounded by excellent restaurants and bars to suit all tastes.  There are large open windows making it a bright and airy apartment with a stunning, quintessentially ‘Amsterdam’ view. There is internet and central heating throughout. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, crockery and all the other essentials. There is a kitchen island and large dining table to make cooking and eating a social occasion. The relaxed living area has two large couches and a television. Upstairs there are two large, newly renovated double bedrooms with closets and mirrors and a luxurious newly-fitted bathroom with bath and shower.  When you arrive you will ","Enjoy a relaxed break in the famous, picturesque Jordaan area of Amsterdam with all amenities and attractions close at hand. Amsterdam City Centre Apartment – TOP location! This beautiful apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, located beside a tranquil canal in the famous 'De 9 Straatjes' shopping area, is just 10 minutes walk to Dam Square, the Anne Frank house and Museumplein and 5 minutes wall to Leidseplein. It is well serviced by trams and surrounded by excellent restaurants and bars to suit all tastes.  There are large open windows making it a bright and airy apartment with a stunning, quintessentially ‘Amsterdam’ view. There is internet and central heating throughout. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, crockery and all the other essentials. There is a kitchen island and large dining table to make cooking and eating a social occasion. The relaxed living area has two large couches and a television. Upstairs there are two large, newly renovated do",,,
