"This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest authentic historic buildings, in the heart of Inner City Centre Amsterdam, situated on the beautiful and famous Singel canal.","This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest authentic historic buildings, in the heart of Inner City Centre Amsterdam, situated on the beautiful and famous Singel canal (Website hidden by Airbnb)  This beautiful 90m2/970ft apartment, is situated in a 17th century building which is listed on the UNESCO World Heritage list. The property has a beautiful stepped gable, old doors and large original wooden beams. Through these authentic details, you will feel like you are living in the heart of old historic Amsterdam. LOCATION:  The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of, and across from Amsterdam Central Station (350 meters). From this central point you can take a train, tram, bus or metro.  Schiphol airport is less then 20 minutes away by train and also the RAI Convention Center is only 30 minutes by metro, which makes this central location the perfect location for both leisure and business travellers.  We are located on the corner of the Singel /Haarlemmerstra","This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest authentic historic buildings, in the heart of Inner City Centre Amsterdam, situated on the beautiful and famous Singel canal. This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest authentic historic buildings, in the heart of Inner City Centre Amsterdam, situated on the beautiful and famous Singel canal (Website hidden by Airbnb)  This beautiful 90m2/970ft apartment, is situated in a 17th century building which is listed on the UNESCO World Heritage list. The property has a beautiful stepped gable, old doors and large original wooden beams. Through these authentic details, you will feel like you are living in the heart of old historic Amsterdam. LOCATION:  The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of, and across from Amsterdam Central Station (350 meters). From this central point you can take a train, tram, bus or metro.  Schiphol airport is less then 20 minutes away by train and also the RAI Convention Center is only 30","The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of and across from Amsterdam Central Station (350 meters), on the corner of the Haarlemmerstraat, (recently voted best shopping street of the Netherlands 2012), with its charming shops and cafes. It is located within walking distance of the city centre attractions such as the Dam Square, Beurs van Berlage, Madame Tussaud and Jordaan area. Museums, theatres and night-life can all be found on your doorstep.  There are a few parking options.  By booking your parking online you can stay 24 or 48 hrs (Max!) for only € 20,- or € 40,- You can book via :  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  The parking garage is located across the street, only 75 meters from the apartments.  The other option is you park your car at the Park&Ride at Zeeburg which is just out of the centre. It only cost a € 8,- per day. You'll get 8 free public transport tickets. The tramline #26 will bring you right back into the centre (stop Central Station) and just 350 ","The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of and across from Amsterdam Central Station (350 meters). There's a busstop with busses #18, #21 and #22 that stop in front of the building. The metro is a 5-minute walk (in front of Central Station). There are several rental bikes and a car rental in walking distance. Please see our Guidebook. ","**Kobalt Inn has a strict no smoking policy and we also do not host bachelor(rette) party groups** Check in at 2:00pm*  Check out at 11:00am*  * If the apartment is not booked before or after the required dates, both check-in and check-out times are flexible.   Should you arrive before the check-in time, you may leave your bags at Cafe Kobalt while you wait for the apartment to be ready. Daily breakfast buffet can be consumed at Cafe Kobalt at a reduced rate.  In historic buildings in Amsterdam the staircases are steeper than most people are used to. The apartment is situated on the 3rd floor and has no elevator, though if required ""bell-boy service"" is available for your suitcases upon request.  Included in the nightly rate are towels, linens, coffee/tea (for the 1st night), soap. Ironing board, iron and hairdryer can also be found in the apartment. This is a non-smoking apartment. A €200 cleaning fee will apply (per apartment) if proof of smoking is found in the apartment."
