"This, unique, recently renovated canal house ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)) was built in 1664 by mr Verdoeyen (painted by Rembrandt in its ""Staalmeesters"")","The four hundred m2/1312ft house has 6 bedrooms, 4 toilets,  3 modern bathrooms (one equipped with double powered rainshowers, one with bath and separate shower), 2 living rooms and large kitchen adjecent to the main living views. The house is located at one of the main canals in the famous ""9-straatjes"" area (famous for iths boutigue shops and art), 2 minutes walk to Leidseplein with terasses, theatre, shops and main infrastructure (tram and busses). The famous musea. Rijks museum, Van Gogh, etc are only 10 minutes away.  Equiped with Sonos soudsystem, free acces to Spotifty, Qobuz and Digital TV with over 100 channels. Several flat screens, Playstation 3, Wii, washing machine, 2 dish washers, dryer, micro wave, 2 ovens, etc, The patio is equiped with Weber BBQ and garden furniture. For childeren the home will be a toy shop with e.g. ample toys, table tennis and soccer table.","This, unique, recently renovated canal house ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)) was built in 1664 by mr Verdoeyen (painted by Rembrandt in its ""Staalmeesters"") The four hundred m2/1312ft house has 6 bedrooms, 4 toilets,  3 modern bathrooms (one equipped with double powered rainshowers, one with bath and separate shower), 2 living rooms and large kitchen adjecent to the main living views. The house is located at one of the main canals in the famous ""9-straatjes"" area (famous for iths boutigue shops and art), 2 minutes walk to Leidseplein with terasses, theatre, shops and main infrastructure (tram and busses). The famous musea. Rijks museum, Van Gogh, etc are only 10 minutes away.  Equiped with Sonos soudsystem, free acces to Spotifty, Qobuz and Digital TV with over 100 channels. Several flat screens, Playstation 3, Wii, washing machine, 2 dish washers, dryer, micro wave, 2 ovens, etc, The patio is equiped with Weber BBQ and garden furniture. For childeren the home will be a toy shop with e.g. ampl","City guides, maps and our recommendations on the to do's and dont's and the places to go will be made available upon arrival",,
