"If you are looking for a cute apartment city centre, you will love this one. Just a few meters from Central Station, located on the crossing of two of the most stunning canals. The perfect spot for your weekend in Amsterdam. ","If you are looking for a cute apartment city centre, you will love this one. Just a few meters from Central Station, located on the crossing of two of the most stunning canals. The perfect spot for your weekend in Amsterdam. If you are looking for a cute apartment city centre, you will love this one. Just a few meters from Central Station, located on the crossing of two of the most stunning canals.   The building is from the 17th century and still has all the beautiful details such as old beams and windows. While the rest of the apartment is renovated with all the modern comfort you expect.  The apartment is bright and modern (40sqm) and is divided in a living area with a fully equipped kitchen, a spacious bedroom and a bathroom.  While from the living room you get the beautiful vibe of life in Amsterdam with boats cruising the canals, the bed room on the back of the apartment is very (website hidden): if you were wondering why I don't have any reviews yet. I just moved into this apart","If you are looking for a cute apartment city centre, you will love this one. Just a few meters from Central Station, located on the crossing of two of the most stunning canals. The perfect spot for your weekend in Amsterdam. If you are looking for a cute apartment city centre, you will love this one. Just a few meters from Central Station, located on the crossing of two of the most stunning canals. The perfect spot for your weekend in Amsterdam. If you are looking for a cute apartment city centre, you will love this one. Just a few meters from Central Station, located on the crossing of two of the most stunning canals.   The building is from the 17th century and still has all the beautiful details such as old beams and windows. While the rest of the apartment is renovated with all the modern comfort you expect.  The apartment is bright and modern (40sqm) and is divided in a living area with a fully equipped kitchen, a spacious bedroom and a bathroom.  While from the living room you get",,,no smoking no pets no kids
