"Welcome to Amsterdam!I'm very excited to invite you to my very light, spacious and cool appt with canal view overlooking the best area of Amsterdam: Jordaan!Enjoy my lovely 1-bed appt with bath, superb kitchen, balcony, close to CS. See you soon!","Welcome to Amsterdam!I'm very excited to invite you to my very light, spacious and cool appt with canal view overlooking the best area of Amsterdam: Jordaan!Enjoy my lovely 1-bed appt with bath, superb kitchen, balcony, close to CS. See you soon! The view of the appartment is stunning, overlooking the Canals!It's a very light appartment with a comfortable dinner table for two, new kitchen with all attributes there like a nice stove, micro wave/oven, cooler, freezer, blender for nice juices, Nespresso, dish washer. The separated bedroom is in the back where it's quite with a big closet and access to the balcony. The bathroom has a bath/shower with toilet. The appartment has a third room which is an extra room for my books. The appartment is suitable for two adults. As a guest you can access my whole appartment at the first floor (60m2) with a shared staircase for the rest of the house. I'll be available for tips and questions on my mobile for my guests. I will take care of my visitors a","Welcome to Amsterdam!I'm very excited to invite you to my very light, spacious and cool appt with canal view overlooking the best area of Amsterdam: Jordaan!Enjoy my lovely 1-bed appt with bath, superb kitchen, balcony, close to CS. See you soon! Welcome to Amsterdam!I'm very excited to invite you to my very light, spacious and cool appt with canal view overlooking the best area of Amsterdam: Jordaan!Enjoy my lovely 1-bed appt with bath, superb kitchen, balcony, close to CS. See you soon! The view of the appartment is stunning, overlooking the Canals!It's a very light appartment with a comfortable dinner table for two, new kitchen with all attributes there like a nice stove, micro wave/oven, cooler, freezer, blender for nice juices, Nespresso, dish washer. The separated bedroom is in the back where it's quite with a big closet and access to the balcony. The bathroom has a bath/shower with toilet. The appartment has a third room which is an extra room for my books. The appartment is sui","I really love the fact that I can walk accross the street, cross the canal, enjoy the great architecture of typical Amsterdam houses, grab some organic fruit and veggies at the Noordermarkt (only a 5 minute walk), shop for some vintage furniture and stop by my favourite coffee bar with the best apple pie in town. The lovely shopping area, Nine streets and the centre are also within walking distance. Attractions like Anne Frank house are around the corner. The neighbourhood has many nice restaurants and bars. ",A tram stops in front of the appartment that brings you to the Museum area or the nightlife of Leidseplein (centre) and only five stops to central station. Besides that I have a very nice typical Dutch bike for you during your stay and some maps of the city,No smoking No pets
