"Wonderful apartment with the best view on the Amstel river and city. A peaceful haven in vibrant Amsterdam. 10 minutes pleasant walk to Albert Cuyp market, 15/20 to the Rijksmuseum & City center. Bear in mind this place is In the city so there will be the usual city noices ;-)(windows have double glazing that keeps out most when closed). As we are located on the 2nd and 3rd floor + the rooftop, expect to climb some stairs! An old building, like most in Amsterdam. Charming but without an elevator","Building from 1904 with old plastered ceilings and other fittings intact. Sunrise on the front, sunset at the back. Lot's of light . Rooftop terrace with a breathtaking view over the river and the city.  Total space is 150 square meters divided on two floors.Large living and dining rooms on the 2nd , two large bedrooms with double beds, two bathrooms on the 3rd. Overall this appartement has an great feel to it, like an oasis to return to after exploring bustling Amsterdam!","Wonderful apartment with the best view on the Amstel river and city. A peaceful haven in vibrant Amsterdam. 10 minutes pleasant walk to Albert Cuyp market, 15/20 to the Rijksmuseum & City center. Bear in mind this place is In the city so there will be the usual city noices ;-)(windows have double glazing that keeps out most when closed). As we are located on the 2nd and 3rd floor + the rooftop, expect to climb some stairs! An old building, like most in Amsterdam. Charming but without an elevator Building from 1904 with old plastered ceilings and other fittings intact. Sunrise on the front, sunset at the back. Lot's of light . Rooftop terrace with a breathtaking view over the river and the city.  Total space is 150 square meters divided on two floors.Large living and dining rooms on the 2nd , two large bedrooms with double beds, two bathrooms on the 3rd. Overall this appartement has an great feel to it, like an oasis to return to after exploring bustling Amsterdam! Guests will have acce","Amsterdam is so small, every part of the city is within close reach wherever your place.  Love the diversity of my neighborhood, 'De Pijp'. The apartment itself is set right along the Amstelriver. On the other side there's great places to take an evening meal or stretch your legs for a walk. Takes about 15/20 minutes and your right in the center of the city. Plenty of small streets , odd and interesting little shops, especially near the Albert Cuypmarket wich is about 10 minutes walk from the house. More info and tips will be provided on location of course.","Tram line 4 which takes you to the Central railway station in about 15 minutes is 5 minutes walking distance as is line 3 which circles the city from east to west.  Easiest way to get here from the airport is by taxi that will cost around 40-50 euro. More economic is to take the train to CS then tram 4 to 'Lutmastraat' and walk to the Amsteldijk (5 min). Or alternately, considering you have luggage, take a taxi from the CS, around 10/15 euro's. If arriving by your own car, there's usually plenty of parkingplace along the Amsteldijk during day-time, but it costs 4 euro p/h. Better to park at an P&R (park&ride facility), omly 1 euro p/d if you arrive after 10am with an maximum stay of 4 days. The RAI P&R is nearest to Amsteldijk, appr. 15 min. walking distance. (URL HIDDEN)","We want our guests to feel at home and treat this place as if it is just that. This also includes consideration towards the neighbours which are all lovely easy going people. Nevertheless, after 22.00,please don't play loud music! Also we kindly ask our guests to remove their shoes inside. Smoking inside is a nono, but there's 3 balconies and one rooftop terrace that can be visited for some 'fresh air'. Pets are not allowed."
