My apartment is a super cute typical old Amsterdam apartment! Always super clean and very central...Great neighborhood full of nice cafés and shops. Leidzeplein and Vondel park is walking distance. Renovated recently and great fun to stay. I rent it out when I go on holidays. You'll love it !,,"My apartment is a super cute typical old Amsterdam apartment! Always super clean and very central...Great neighborhood full of nice cafés and shops. Leidzeplein and Vondel park is walking distance. Renovated recently and great fun to stay. I rent it out when I go on holidays. You'll love it ! Everything apart from my clothes, private belongings ( documents , cosmetics etc) and the Piano. Any time they want This neighborhood has a lot of nice shops and cafés around and it is very central. Very well connected by public transport. Full of traditional Amsterdam buildings which I love.  5 minutes walk to Vondel park ! Tram 17 is 2 min. and tram 1 is 5 min. walking distance. They will take you to the very center in 15 min. A bike ride from my place to central station will also take 15 min. Leidzeplein and museum plein are walking distance. Please note that I have one double bed, one sofa and one double blow up bed. Blow up bed is a good one and very comfortable.",This neighborhood has a lot of nice shops and cafés around and it is very central. Very well connected by public transport. Full of traditional Amsterdam buildings which I love.  5 minutes walk to Vondel park !,Tram 17 is 2 min. and tram 1 is 5 min. walking distance. They will take you to the very center in 15 min. A bike ride from my place to central station will also take 15 min. Leidzeplein and museum plein are walking distance.,"- Please keep the apartment door locked all times even when you are inside. It's a kind of door that anyone can open from outside unless if it is locked. - Please fee free to use the cutlery, the cleaning materials in the kitchen, the TV and all appliances. You can use the sheets and towels I provide for you and the shampoos etc in the bathroom. - Apart from above please do not touch my personal belongings, my clothes, my cosmetics etc. and especially the Piano.  - Please leave the apartment clean and tidy like I prepared for you. Please leave all the sheets, towels etc. you used all together on the floor."
