"Every time someone visits they tell me how much they love my place. The energy, the light, the central location, the lovely high street and the canal it's on. You'll love it too!  Mind: there is no elevator. So you have to climb 5 flights up (heavy suitcases not recommended). The climb is worth the view.","My apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a canal house in Amsterdam. The view is amazing. I have a small roof top terrace/patio, great for morning coffee or an afternoon snooze. The sun is out there from 10am to at least 6pm. Then move to the back balcony for a sunset (small, but fits two chairs).  I recently bought this place (first I was renting it). I am very, very happy with it and proud. Please respect my home.  Neighbourhood is ""Oud West"" very popular. Loads of restaurants, street market, shopping, close to Vondelpark and city centre (Leidseplein is 15 min walk). Tram stops are close by for Central Station and city centre. There are small cafes, coffee shops (not the drugs kind), ethnic stores. The neighbourhood is lively and lovely. I love living in this area. There is a grocery store on the next block, a natural health store across from the flat (for organic stuff) and a bakery.  There is a kitchen (new since July 2016)  in the living room area. A combined oven/microwa","Every time someone visits they tell me how much they love my place. The energy, the light, the central location, the lovely high street and the canal it's on. You'll love it too!  Mind: there is no elevator. So you have to climb 5 flights up (heavy suitcases not recommended). The climb is worth the view. My apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a canal house in Amsterdam. The view is amazing. I have a small roof top terrace/patio, great for morning coffee or an afternoon snooze. The sun is out there from 10am to at least 6pm. Then move to the back balcony for a sunset (small, but fits two chairs).  I recently bought this place (first I was renting it). I am very, very happy with it and proud. Please respect my home.  Neighbourhood is ""Oud West"" very popular. Loads of restaurants, street market, shopping, close to Vondelpark and city centre (Leidseplein is 15 min walk). Tram stops are close by for Central Station and city centre. There are small cafes, coffee shops (not the dru",Refer to the TRAVEL GUIDE on this website where I've added all the great places in the hood and around. I have a printed version of this in the apartment.,I will send you directions once  you have booked with me through email.,"Welcome to my place.  My home is your home, please treat it as you would your own. Please leave shoes downstairs. Feel free to use things from the fridge and/or cupboards such as pasta etc. There is tea in the small white microwave stand and in the fridge you’ll find the coffee for the Italian coffee maker or use instant coffee. Extra sugar can be found in the cupboard. There is extra toilet-paper in the wicker basket next to the toilet. If you need a hair dryer, it’s in the bedroom, in the small dresser, second shelf, in the basket.  There is wifi: network: VGV(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) pass: macw1973 You can use the TV of course and there is a stereo under the TV for you to hook up your iPod. Select AUX for this. Please music not too loud, it might disturb the neighbors. I have the TV off of stand-by (button is on the right hand side of the TV), please do that as well, it’s safer. In the living room above the dining table, you’ll find the dial for the thermostat. Usually 20 degrees is com"
