"Cocos Apartment 1 is modern and spacious 3 bed Apt spread over 2 floors with Stairs that lead up to an amazing roof top terrace with table and chairs to relax on those warm sunny days and to enjoy the roof top views over central Amsterdam. Situated  on the Rembrandt Square in the very center of Amsterdam and the Seventeenth Century Canal Ring there is lots to see, do & enjoy.","Cocos Outback Apt 1 is in a monumental 18th century building next to the central Rembrandt Square, located on the 2 & 3 floor with 3 bedrooms, 2 with their own private balcony and 1 with large flat screen smart TV.  Large living room with  a large flat screen Smart TV and DVD player. Large roof terrace with table and chairs to enjoy the views over the Amsterdam rooftops. Close to Dam Square & surrounded by cafes,restaurants,shops with most attractions in walking distance.  Amazing Vondel Park and Leidse Square 15 minutes away. Trams and taxi's are a  minutes walk away and Central Station is about a 15 minute walk.","Cocos Apartment 1 is modern and spacious 3 bed Apt spread over 2 floors with Stairs that lead up to an amazing roof top terrace with table and chairs to relax on those warm sunny days and to enjoy the roof top views over central Amsterdam. Situated  on the Rembrandt Square in the very center of Amsterdam and the Seventeenth Century Canal Ring there is lots to see, do & enjoy. Cocos Outback Apt 1 is in a monumental 18th century building next to the central Rembrandt Square, located on the 2 & 3 floor with 3 bedrooms, 2 with their own private balcony and 1 with large flat screen smart TV.  Large living room with  a large flat screen Smart TV and DVD player. Large roof terrace with table and chairs to enjoy the views over the Amsterdam rooftops. Close to Dam Square & surrounded by cafes,restaurants,shops with most attractions in walking distance.  Amazing Vondel Park and Leidse Square 15 minutes away. Trams and taxi's are a  minutes walk away and Central Station is about a 15 minute walk.","Located in downtown beautiful Amsterdam, most attractions in walking distance, 10 minutes from Dam Square, surrounded by cafes,bars,shops and clubs. Amazing Vondel Park and Leidse Square 15 minutes away.",Trams and taxi's are on the doorstep and  Central Station is a 15 minute walk away.,"Smoking is only allowed on the balconies or terraces and we only ask you treat our apartment with respect, clean up after yourself and of course enjoy yourself!!"
