"Colourful spacious penthouse with a luxurious roof garden (120 m2), balcony and a wide view over Amsterdam. Only 10 minutes cycling from Dam square and walking distance from many nice bars and restaurants. The house is child friendly, with baby amenities (e.g. bed and high chair). Sometimes our cat will be home and we would like you to take care of her (except in August). Before booking, please inquire.","Our house is really spacious, has a beautiful view, an elevator that opens in the house (penthouse!) and the colourful decoration will cheer you up every time you enter the house.  The kitchen, beds and bathroom are very comfortable, which makes it very relaxing to stay at our place. We have two double beds.","Colourful spacious penthouse with a luxurious roof garden (120 m2), balcony and a wide view over Amsterdam. Only 10 minutes cycling from Dam square and walking distance from many nice bars and restaurants. The house is child friendly, with baby amenities (e.g. bed and high chair). Sometimes our cat will be home and we would like you to take care of her (except in August). Before booking, please inquire. Our house is really spacious, has a beautiful view, an elevator that opens in the house (penthouse!) and the colourful decoration will cheer you up every time you enter the house.  The kitchen, beds and bathroom are very comfortable, which makes it very relaxing to stay at our place. We have two double beds. All rooms, and the balcony and roof garden are accessible and belong to the house. It's all private, no shared spaces. Upon your arrival, we (or someone else) will give you a tour of the house and we can give you some suggestions for how to discover interesting parts of Amsterdam. D","Great parks, trendy bars, lovely restaurants, all within walking distance. We'll tell you where to go!  This neighbourhood is build in the 'Amsterdam School' architecture. It's up and coming, with nice new shops and bars opening every year. We really love this place!",Trams and buses stop right in front of the house.  It only takes 10 - 15 minutes to the nearest hotspots (like Leidseplein).  All other great places in Amsterdam are withing 15 minutes cycling distance and public transport connections are great.,No smoking inside. Please respect our neighbours. No loud music or other noise after 22.00. Consider your noise levels when you have the balcony doors open. No pets. No parties. Otherwise: Feel at home and enjoy...
