Beautiful view from 12th floor on green nature of Rembrandtpark and city center of Amsterdam. Comfortable bedroom with kingsize bed for one or two persons. Good transportation connections with city center (15 mins). Transfer from airport on request. ,"Enjoy your 'home' in Amsterdam! Energize with the bustling culture and joy of the city of Amsterdam to finally find calmth in the green Rembrandtpark, sleeping sky high on 12th floor with beautiful panorama. ","Beautiful view from 12th floor on green nature of Rembrandtpark and city center of Amsterdam. Comfortable bedroom with kingsize bed for one or two persons. Good transportation connections with city center (15 mins). Transfer from airport on request. Enjoy your 'home' in Amsterdam! Energize with the bustling culture and joy of the city of Amsterdam to finally find calmth in the green Rembrandtpark, sleeping sky high on 12th floor with beautiful panorama.  Entrance Hall Bedroom Kitchen for breakfast Bathroom and toilet Balcony (for smoking) I will welcome you, give you advise to get around in the city of Amsterdam, cultural life, nightlife, partys, public transport or bicycle (rent), to make your stay in Amsterdam comfortable.   Rembrandtpark is a beautiful natural green park, from where the bustling shopping area Kinkerstraat is within reach, including Ten Kate market. Hip and trendy bars for drinking, lunch and diner are nearby.   - from Airport Schiphol 10 minutes, stop at Amsterdam L","Rembrandtpark is a beautiful natural green park, from where the bustling shopping area Kinkerstraat is within reach, including Ten Kate market. Hip and trendy bars for drinking, lunch and diner are nearby.  ","- from Airport Schiphol 10 minutes, stop at Amsterdam Lelylaan. Then take tram 1 / 17, one stop to Derkinderenstraat, finally walk 5 minutes to the appartment building.  - From Central Station take tram 1 / 17, get out at stop Derkinderenstraat, finally walk 5 minutes to the appartment building. - Alternative: from Central Station take metro 50 to Gein, stop at Postjesweg, walk 5 minutes to the appartment building.  - Alternative: from Central Station take bus 18, stop at Nachtwachtlaan, walk 1 minute to the appartment building.  - By car take S106. Parking is paid Monday-Saturday 9am-9pm, about 2,40 euro per hour. Sunday free parking.  - Nightbus 751 / 752 stops at Nachtwachtlaan","- no pets allowed - smoking (cigarettes, no weed/hash) on the balcony - breakfast custom self service in kitchen"
