"Welcome to Amsterdam and the great neighborhood called 'Bos en Lommer'. Our spacious apartment has a living room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and two balconies. Bos and Lommer is an upcoming, lively and green neighborhood, 10 minutes from the centre!","Wonderful cozy apartment on the 4rd floor, which makes it very light. The two balconies give you the possibility to relax in the sun whole day long; during the early morning and late summer evenings. The apartment has one large bedroom with a comfortable double bed. The bathroom has a great 'rain' shower and toilet. The fully equipped kitchen has everything you need to prepare a nice dinner or healthy fruit smoothie :-)","Welcome to Amsterdam and the great neighborhood called 'Bos en Lommer'. Our spacious apartment has a living room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and two balconies. Bos and Lommer is an upcoming, lively and green neighborhood, 10 minutes from the centre! Wonderful cozy apartment on the 4rd floor, which makes it very light. The two balconies give you the possibility to relax in the sun whole day long; during the early morning and late summer evenings. The apartment has one large bedroom with a comfortable double bed. The bathroom has a great 'rain' shower and toilet. The fully equipped kitchen has everything you need to prepare a nice dinner or healthy fruit smoothie :-) You'll have access to the whole house plus two balconies. You can always reach me - e-mail, phone, text message, (Hidden by Airbnb) - and you can contact a good friend of my who lives across the street if you have urgent questions.  The neighbourhood Bos en Lommer is an upcoming area of the city. Here you can find some lovel","The neighbourhood Bos en Lommer is an upcoming area of the city. Here you can find some lovely new lunch places to or have a good coffee. Discover Bos en Lommer, have a Turkish breakfast at the great lunch spot Podium Mozaiek and buy fresh fish just around the corner! Two beautiful city parks, Erasmuspark and Westerpark, are just a stroll away. Supermarkets and nights shops are on walking distance","We live 5 min walk from a 'Park & Ride' for only 8 euro per day, and it's easy to reach from Sloterdijk station (10 min). Several trams & busses stop in front of our door and go directly to the city centre (10 min). And Schiphol is only twenty minutes away. ",
