"This apartment is a great choice if you are planning to stay in Amsterdam for a while. It is lovely decorated, has a light living area, open kitchen, two balconies and a suprising shower in the bedroom! It is around the corner of the Vondelpark.","The apartment has a big living room with a kitchen attached to it. In the living room you will find a big table which suits 10 people, a couch which is also a sleeping couch for two people and the television. On the front and the back of the living room you will find a balcony: the one in the back is big enough to have dinner when the weather is nice.  The kitchen has a stove, a microwave and oven combined, a small dish washer and a fridge with freezer: everything you need to cook a nice meal!  The bedroom has a nice bed which will suit two people, a big closet to fit your clothes and a washing machine. The interesting part of this apartment, is that the bathroom is situated in the bedroom: get out the bed and get in the shower immediately!  The neighborhood where the apartment is situated called old-south. It's a very nice and quite neighborhood with nice restaurants, café and three supermarkets nearby. 5 minutes walking from the apartment you will come to the nicest public park of Am","This apartment is a great choice if you are planning to stay in Amsterdam for a while. It is lovely decorated, has a light living area, open kitchen, two balconies and a suprising shower in the bedroom! It is around the corner of the Vondelpark. The apartment has a big living room with a kitchen attached to it. In the living room you will find a big table which suits 10 people, a couch which is also a sleeping couch for two people and the television. On the front and the back of the living room you will find a balcony: the one in the back is big enough to have dinner when the weather is nice.  The kitchen has a stove, a microwave and oven combined, a small dish washer and a fridge with freezer: everything you need to cook a nice meal!  The bedroom has a nice bed which will suit two people, a big closet to fit your clothes and a washing machine. The interesting part of this apartment, is that the bathroom is situated in the bedroom: get out the bed and get in the shower immediately!  Th","Oud Zuid is central: on one end you have Amsterdam’s nightlife and culture square Leidseplein and on the other Amstelveenseweg that is developing into a true culinary boulevard. And throughout the neighbourhood, a new bar seems to pop up every week. But for residents, firm favourites remain Vondelpark’s Vondelpark3 and Blauwe Theehuis. The Vondelpark remains Amsterdam’s most densely populated place-to-be whenever the sun shines. Besides this it’s nice to live near one of the greatest overviews of Western Art in the world. Two of the main museums, the Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum. For big shopping streets you can go to the PC Hooftstraat, Jacob Obrechtstraat, Cornelis Schuytstraat and Beethovenstraat.","If you arrive by plane: There's a direct bus going from the airport: bus 197 direction Amsterdam. You will get out at the stop 'Haarlemmermeerstation'. This is a stop at a roundabout. You will get in the direction of the Zeilstraat (ask somebody). At the trafficlights you will cross the street and then take the first street on your left: de Veerstraat. This is your street, it's number 29, 1st floor. If you arrive by train (Amsterdam Central Station): Take tram 2 (direction Nieuw Sloten) and get out at the stop 'Amstelveense weg (Zeilstraat)'. Walk straight in the direction were the tram is going, cross the street and take the first street on your right: de Veerstraat. This is your street, it's number 29, 1st floor.","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
