,"Located in Amsterdam Centrum, 15 minute walk from Central train station, and 5 minutes from the Anne Frank Huis, the neighborhood is well known as the Jordaan. My home reflects my interests, it's a colourful, comfortable apartment, a home away from home for travellers. I am new to Airbnb but have great reviews from guests, have been renting for over 10 years. The spacious apartment is on 2 floors, ground and first floor. No long difficult walk ups, no steep stair case. 100 sqm total space. Ground floor entrance has open large kitchen, living room, solarium room in good weather, and toilet, over 50+ sq meters. First floor has 2 bedrooms and full bath. 50+ sq m. WiFi throughout the apartment. The photos do not show, there are 2 staircases. The spiral staircase goes from ground to first floor, inside the living room/kitchen to hallway between bedrooms . There is also a normal stair case to the bedrooms in the hall way when you come in the front door of the building/apartment. You can use ","Located in Amsterdam Centrum, 15 minute walk from Central train station, and 5 minutes from the Anne Frank Huis, the neighborhood is well known as the Jordaan. My home reflects my interests, it's a colourful, comfortable apartment, a home away from home for travellers. I am new to Airbnb but have great reviews from guests, have been renting for over 10 years. The spacious apartment is on 2 floors, ground and first floor. No long difficult walk ups, no steep stair case. 100 sqm total space. Ground floor entrance has open large kitchen, living room, solarium room in good weather, and toilet, over 50+ sq meters. First floor has 2 bedrooms and full bath. 50+ sq m. WiFi throughout the apartment. The photos do not show, there are 2 staircases. The spiral staircase goes from ground to first floor, inside the living room/kitchen to hallway between bedrooms . There is also a normal stair case to the bedrooms in the hall way when you come in the front door of the building/apartment. You can use ","Locals and tourists alike agree, it’s the sweetest, most loved, neighbourhood in Amsterdam. When I tell anyone where I live, they say, “your lucky”. We have everything in this neighbourhood and it’s not overcrowded with tourists, but you can walk to the rest in 5-15 minutes. ","Walking distance to most major tourist sites.  ~5 minute walk to Anne Frank Huis, Westerkerk and Noordermarkt.  ~15 minute walk to Central train station.  If you prefer #3 tram to the Museumplein, Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Albert Cuyp Market, and #10 tram to, Leidseplein, Heineken Brewery, Paradiso, Tropen Museum area.","~ Respect for the house and the neighbours   ~NO smoking  ~Children are welcome, and are expected to be supervised. ;-)  No arrivals after 10 pm unless arranged in advance."
