"Enjoy a wonderfully vacations  in one  comfortable room with a small walking closet. In a quiet  and security area.  We have one parking available, 5 minutes to the bus and 10 minutes to the metro station.  ","The room is clear with a large  windows, it's  small walking closet, TV, additional cabinet with drawer for clothes too, floor lamps and table and fan with light. Also is important that you know, this room is possible and comfortable for three persons. Before go into the room we have a small area with special for make up or work with your personal computer with a very comfortable chair. ","Enjoy a wonderfully vacations  in one  comfortable room with a small walking closet. In a quiet  and security area.  We have one parking available, 5 minutes to the bus and 10 minutes to the metro station.  The room is clear with a large  windows, it's  small walking closet, TV, additional cabinet with drawer for clothes too, floor lamps and table and fan with light. Also is important that you know, this room is possible and comfortable for three persons. Before go into the room we have a small area with special for make up or work with your personal computer with a very comfortable chair.  Our guest can use the living room and can the kitchen. We are in the house and be all the time in best way to help our guest and give them all the information that they need for enjoy their time. The neighborhood is so beautiful with lovely green areas with beautiful flowers , nice for walk around. Also when you are going to one of the public transportation you don't see the distance because you are","The neighborhood is so beautiful with lovely green areas with beautiful flowers , nice for walk around. Also when you are going to one of the public transportation you don't see the distance because you are listening and see the birds. I think that is romantic. We have supermarket, small cafes and restaurants that you can enjoy here. The big Amsterdamsepoort and Bijlmer arena only about 5 minutes with the bus. There you can find a nice restaurants and cafes (Ziggo) ,stores, theater, movie, the Ajax's stadium and store.  Gaasperplas is a wonderful  green area with a  beautiful lake, is a place that every year a lot of tourist visit, they have transportation with bus and metro about 5 minutes or less from the house. Is a place that you never forget. ","One of our deals is free parking in front of the house.  The public transit is very good in this area, we have 3 bus station about 5 minutes and less from house and metro station more or less 8 minutes. ","In the house is not possible to smoke, so sorry. We understand that for some guest is not good."
