"***Appartment available from 3d (check-in) of July till maximum 10th July and from the 20th/21st (check-in) of July till maximum the 4th of August*** A Comfortable Groundfloor Apartment (55m2), Architectonically rebuild, with spacious Private Garden (55m2) in one of the  coziest streets in Amsterdam! With the luxury of a bath, separate toilet, dishwasher and floor heating. Including the company (and eggs) of my two lovely chickens Krijssie & Korzel.",The former owners are both architects and did a great job in fully redesigning the space using mostly sustainable materials like Bamboo. Every inch has been fully put to use.  The whole apartment is very open and has an airy feel. There are distinct areas such as an open kitchen with a large work table and a large dining table that makes it possible to eat with at least 6 people or two people reading a newspaper to the fullest :-)  The bedroom is a cozy cupboardbed overviewing the garden. And the bathroom with a bath is...well...GREEN! The industrial screed floor with floor heating gives a very comfortable warmth and a clean look.,"***Appartment available from 3d (check-in) of July till maximum 10th July and from the 20th/21st (check-in) of July till maximum the 4th of August*** A Comfortable Groundfloor Apartment (55m2), Architectonically rebuild, with spacious Private Garden (55m2) in one of the  coziest streets in Amsterdam! With the luxury of a bath, separate toilet, dishwasher and floor heating. Including the company (and eggs) of my two lovely chickens Krijssie & Korzel. The former owners are both architects and did a great job in fully redesigning the space using mostly sustainable materials like Bamboo. Every inch has been fully put to use.  The whole apartment is very open and has an airy feel. There are distinct areas such as an open kitchen with a large work table and a large dining table that makes it possible to eat with at least 6 people or two people reading a newspaper to the fullest :-)  The bedroom is a cozy cupboardbed overviewing the garden. And the bathroom with a bath is...well...GREEN! The ","The location is perfect for visitors who like to accessibly explore Amsterdams centre...but without being stuck in the touristic craze of the centre. The Indische Buurt or 'Eastside' is nowadays the place to be. Still not to too touristic, but packed with the nicest bars and restaurants ( f.e. Brouwerij het IJ -a mill that serves its own beer, Distillery ''t nieuwe diep' in the Flevopark 5 min. away, Comfort Caffé for the best Pasta's around the corner, 'Wilde Zwijnen' for the great local foodcreations etc.). Besides that the City centre is a 10 minute bicycle ride away!!! Also Studio K is a great place for arthouse cinema and pubfood on only a 3 min walk.","You can use one of the the three trams that leave from less than a 5 minute walk around the corner and that takes you to every hotspot of Amsterdam. Also a trainstation that takes you to every other place in the Netherlands and the Airport is only a 5 minute walk away. Besides that, near the trainstation is a nightbus that takes you directly to and from Schiphol Airport on unconventional hours.  This map covers the most important spots around: (URL HIDDEN)","You are free as a bird, but: - No pets - No smoking inside...but the garden gives you all the opportunity to smoke. Just smoking weed/hash will not be appreciated (but we have great shops for that around the corner!) - For the sake of the neighbours, please respect their space and limit noise in the garden. - Don't bring other guests to my house than mentioned in advance.  - I charge a 25 euro cleaning fee for laundry of linnen and towels etc. (and of course cleaning...). I expect that you leave the place as you found it...but that speaks for itself. - The most important thing is that I like openess according to communication during your stay. If anything gets broken or so, please communicate about it and we will figure it out. I expect a relaxt, friendly and social attitude from both sides."
