,"This comfortable, private apartment is situated on the first floor of a unique eco family house, featuring walls of straw bales finished with earth plaster. It is located in IJburg; a residential area build on islands of reclaimed land, famous for its innovative architecture.  The centre of Amsterdam is very easily accessible; our private guesthouse is 2 minutes walk from the tram stops with regular trams (every 5 minutes) to Amsterdam central station (12 minutes ride). The apartment is on the first floor; it has a private bathroom, with toilet, sink and shower, decorated with unique mosaics. It has a sitting area, and a kitchenette to make coffee, tea, or hot chocolate. It has a large, comfortable double bed and a large wardrobe. Children sleeping facilities on request.     • Private, 30 m2 apartment with own entrance     • kitchenette with sink, water cooker, microwave, coffee machine, coffee and tea (plus fridge for private use next to apartment)     • Private bathroom with sink, to","This comfortable, private apartment is situated on the first floor of a unique eco family house, featuring walls of straw bales finished with earth plaster. It is located in IJburg; a residential area build on islands of reclaimed land, famous for its innovative architecture.  The centre of Amsterdam is very easily accessible; our private guesthouse is 2 minutes walk from the tram stops with regular trams (every 5 minutes) to Amsterdam central station (12 minutes ride). The apartment is on the first floor; it has a private bathroom, with toilet, sink and shower, decorated with unique mosaics. It has a sitting area, and a kitchenette to make coffee, tea, or hot chocolate. It has a large, comfortable double bed and a large wardrobe. Children sleeping facilities on request.     • Private, 30 m2 apartment with own entrance     • kitchenette with sink, water cooker, microwave, coffee machine, coffee and tea (plus fridge for private use next to apartment)     • Private bathroom with sink, to",,,niet roken geen huisdieren in checken na 16 uur uit checken voor 11 uur
