"You will love my comfortable spacious double floor house in the most popular area of the city. With a nice & quiet garden. And when you step out of the door, within 50m you are in the middle of all things that make Amsterdam a great city. Be welcome!","You will love my comfortable house in the most popular area of the city. With a nice & quiet garden. And when you step out of the door, in 50m you are in the middle of all things that make Amsterdam a great city. The reviews don't lie:-). Be welcome! My cosy and comfy house contains two storeys. Downstairs, at streetlevel you enter the big and cosy livingroom. There is also a closet with a washing machine and washdryer and a separate toilet. At the end of the livingroom is the kitchen (microwave/oven, stove, nespresso machine). With a door to the nice and quiet garden and terrace with dining table and benches.  Behind the livingroom and next to the kitchen there is a very light and nice orangery which we use as a workingspace. It has two doors that lead you to the nice and spacious garden.  There is a big terrace to start with, but also a playing house for small children, and a nice outdoor table with benches to sit outside. On top of it there is an outdoor kitchen (not on pictures yet","You will love my comfortable spacious double floor house in the most popular area of the city. With a nice & quiet garden. And when you step out of the door, within 50m you are in the middle of all things that make Amsterdam a great city. Be welcome! You will love my comfortable house in the most popular area of the city. With a nice & quiet garden. And when you step out of the door, in 50m you are in the middle of all things that make Amsterdam a great city. The reviews don't lie:-). Be welcome! My cosy and comfy house contains two storeys. Downstairs, at streetlevel you enter the big and cosy livingroom. There is also a closet with a washing machine and washdryer and a separate toilet. At the end of the livingroom is the kitchen (microwave/oven, stove, nespresso machine). With a door to the nice and quiet garden and terrace with dining table and benches.  Behind the livingroom and next to the kitchen there is a very light and nice orangery which we use as a workingspace. It has two d","It is almost amazing that it's possible to be in such a quiet street and still have all the buzz of nice restaurants, bakeries, coffeeplaces, shops and touriststuff just exact around the corner (see map). Almost everything is on walking distance.",If you want to travel faster you can jump on one of the trams. It also might be a good plan to rent some bikes (it suits perfectly with the whole Amsterdam experience). You can rent them on 50 m distance of my house.,Please feel at home. And treat it as your own! Smoking is not allowed.
