"My easy, cozy and peaceful apartment in the popular area Amsterdam Oud-West will be all yours when I am not around. The apartment has everything you need and the area has got it all: close to center, a lot of nice bars and shops in the area and not to touristy and busy. Start your day in the Vondelpark, at the end of the street, to enjoy Amsterdam public live to the fullest. And end your day in one of the bars in the street.","The 50m2 apartment is cozy and light and is situated on the first floor. It contains a living room, adjacent kitchen, a bedroom and bathroom. It is well maintained and has all the equipment that you will need: wifi internet, a great kitchen with dishwashing machine, big oven and clean bathroom with washing machine.  The bedroom has a king-size bed, and there is a (optional) 2nd double bed in the living room.","My easy, cozy and peaceful apartment in the popular area Amsterdam Oud-West will be all yours when I am not around. The apartment has everything you need and the area has got it all: close to center, a lot of nice bars and shops in the area and not to touristy and busy. Start your day in the Vondelpark, at the end of the street, to enjoy Amsterdam public live to the fullest. And end your day in one of the bars in the street. The 50m2 apartment is cozy and light and is situated on the first floor. It contains a living room, adjacent kitchen, a bedroom and bathroom. It is well maintained and has all the equipment that you will need: wifi internet, a great kitchen with dishwashing machine, big oven and clean bathroom with washing machine.  The bedroom has a king-size bed, and there is a (optional) 2nd double bed in the living room. I love to travel. While traveling I like to rent out my place, so tourists can enjoy my lovely house. You can always contact me, or one of my friends who live ","The apartment is situated in the neighbourhood Amsterdam Oud-West. I really love this neighbourhood which was build in the end 19th century. You find the particular Amsterdam atmosphere,  but without the hectic of the city center. Within short distances (10 minute walk) of the Leidse square and Museum square (Stedelijk- Rijks- and Van Gogh Museum), recommended shopping area ‘de negen straatjes’  and Jordaan district (15min walk) it is a good base to explore the city.  The Jan Pieter Heijestraat itself is a pleasant shopping street where over a dozen eateries, local coffee bars an café’s give a lively feel to it by day and evening.",From the airport you can very easily take the train to Amsterdam Lelylaan (only one stop) and there take tram 1 or 17 in direction of Amsterdam centraal. And get off at Jan Pieter Heijestraat. This only takes you 20 minutes.,
