This very comfortable apartment is located in a very nice en quiet neighborhood. The apartment have a view over the water and there is a big private garden! Everyting that you need is in the apartment or near by.,"Welcome in this very comfortable apartment. Here you find everything what you need for a perfect holiday. There is a big garden with a lot of sunshine. So when the weather is good you can have breakfast in the garden! This apartment is fully equipped with: - 1 kingsize boxspring bed  - kitchen with combi-microwave, fridge(URL HIDDEN)dishwasher, Nespresso-machine for making exelent espresso's or cappucino's. - In the livingroom is a big couch, when you book with 3 persons, the 3rd person can sleep on the couch. - There is a TV with Netflix, you can see a lot of movies and televisionseries. There are also english channels available on the TV. - One big table with chairs - There is a private bathroom with toilet. - Hairdryer - Towels and bedlinen included. - You can use the washingmachine. In Amsterdam everybody goes everywhere by bike. There are 2 bikes you can use. The bikes are perfect for biking in the city. When you want to bike long trips it's better to rent a better bike. The bike-","This very comfortable apartment is located in a very nice en quiet neighborhood. The apartment have a view over the water and there is a big private garden! Everyting that you need is in the apartment or near by. Welcome in this very comfortable apartment. Here you find everything what you need for a perfect holiday. There is a big garden with a lot of sunshine. So when the weather is good you can have breakfast in the garden! This apartment is fully equipped with: - 1 kingsize boxspring bed  - kitchen with combi-microwave, fridge(URL HIDDEN)dishwasher, Nespresso-machine for making exelent espresso's or cappucino's. - In the livingroom is a big couch, when you book with 3 persons, the 3rd person can sleep on the couch. - There is a TV with Netflix, you can see a lot of movies and televisionseries. There are also english channels available on the TV. - One big table with chairs - There is a private bathroom with toilet. - Hairdryer - Towels and bedlinen included. - You can use the washi","You stay in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood. There are a lot of good (and cheap) restaurants nearby. You need to go to the beautiful Vondelpark, it's 10 minutes walk. The big centre of Amsterdam is 10-15 min. by bike. Most of the tourist attractions are nearby.  In the summer there are a lot of good festivals. I can tell you anything about it. (Also in the winter there are good party's too) On walking distance there are a supermarket(s), ATM and many good restaurants.",The public transportation is in walking distance. (3 minutes) The station 'Haarlemmermeerstation' is a station with a lot of busses and trams to everywhere. From Schiphol Airport there is a direct bus to this station. It's 20 min. by bus from Schiphol Airport. The train station Amsterdam Zuid is 15 min. walk.,"Please, mind the neighbors. Keep the apartment fairly tidy. No smoking in the apartment. You can smoke in the garden. No drugs allowed inside. No pets!"
