Very stylish apartment located in the heart of Amsterdam next to Westerpark. Just 5 minutes from the (and typical Amsterdam) Jordaan neighbourhood. The apartment has everything for a pleasant stay including a list of local tips to improve your trip!,"Located in the heart of Amsterdam next to Westerpark. Just a 5 minute walk from the very popular (and typical Amsterdam) Jordaan neighbourhood and Amsterdam nicest shopping street Haarlemmerstraat. 10 minutes by public transport from Central Station. Next to a tram station to take you to all popular places in Amsterdam. The neighbourhood itself has much to offer; a nice park where the locals go, many restaurants, coffee places and bars. A street with all necessary grocery shops for your cooking is present. The apartment is housed in a beautiful old building, which was built in the early 1900s. The appartment has been renovated a couple of years ago with a nice bathroom and a modern kitchen. Next to the spacious living room there’s a bedroom for 2. What I offer:  - great location in a nice neighbourhood, close to public transport and main attractions in Amsterdam  - entire apartment, nothing you have to share - personal information about must see’s, must eats etc in Amsterdam  - free to","Very stylish apartment located in the heart of Amsterdam next to Westerpark. Just 5 minutes from the (and typical Amsterdam) Jordaan neighbourhood. The apartment has everything for a pleasant stay including a list of local tips to improve your trip! Located in the heart of Amsterdam next to Westerpark. Just a 5 minute walk from the very popular (and typical Amsterdam) Jordaan neighbourhood and Amsterdam nicest shopping street Haarlemmerstraat. 10 minutes by public transport from Central Station. Next to a tram station to take you to all popular places in Amsterdam. The neighbourhood itself has much to offer; a nice park where the locals go, many restaurants, coffee places and bars. A street with all necessary grocery shops for your cooking is present. The apartment is housed in a beautiful old building, which was built in the early 1900s. The appartment has been renovated a couple of years ago with a nice bathroom and a modern kitchen. Next to the spacious living room there’s a bedroom",,,
