"Lovely modern 80 m2 appartement in Amsterdam West. Beautiful open kitchen, comfortable bathroom, one bedroom with dubble bed, great walk-in closet and a sunny garden. Located close to the Westerpark and famous Jordaan area. With our insider tips, you will have everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam!","Description: Lovely apartment (80 m2) with beautiful garden (facing south). Modern interior with cosy feel. All modern facilities available.   Location: In the Gibraltarbuurt, close to the beautiful Westerpark (5 min walk), shopping street ""De Haarlemmerstraat"" (10 min by bike) and ""de Jordaan"" (10 min by bike).  Easy access to A10 (highway) and trainstation (Amsterdam Sloterdijk) Surrounding: The Gibraltarbuurt lively, up and coming neighbourhood, showing signs of traditional Amsterdam. Hosts cafe's - eg Pistou, breakfast possibilities – eg Bagels & Beans, supermarkets and there is a night shop in the lively “Bos en Lommerweg” around the corner. Frequent tram 12 to city centre (2 minute walk). - Free WiFi  - Free use of towels and bedsheets  - Free use of washing machine  - Free tips  - no smoking/drugs Cozy, sunny, clean and perfect for a young couple, looking to explore the city!  ","Lovely modern 80 m2 appartement in Amsterdam West. Beautiful open kitchen, comfortable bathroom, one bedroom with dubble bed, great walk-in closet and a sunny garden. Located close to the Westerpark and famous Jordaan area. With our insider tips, you will have everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam! Description: Lovely apartment (80 m2) with beautiful garden (facing south). Modern interior with cosy feel. All modern facilities available.   Location: In the Gibraltarbuurt, close to the beautiful Westerpark (5 min walk), shopping street ""De Haarlemmerstraat"" (10 min by bike) and ""de Jordaan"" (10 min by bike).  Easy access to A10 (highway) and trainstation (Amsterdam Sloterdijk) Surrounding: The Gibraltarbuurt lively, up and coming neighbourhood, showing signs of traditional Amsterdam. Hosts cafe's - eg Pistou, breakfast possibilities – eg Bagels & Beans, supermarkets and there is a night shop in the lively “Bos en Lommerweg” around the corner. Frequent tram 12 to city centre (",,,
