"Private room with floor heating, wifi, single bed + double bed (on entresol). Quiet street in safe area with a great vibe. Trams/buses/train taking you in minutes to the city's hotspots. Spacious shared bathroom with bath tub and walk-in shower.","The room is very light because of the large window. The double bed is situated on the entresol. This creates space in the room, and is really cosy. The room counts with a table, chair and small couch; fridge, water boiler, hairdryer, and single bed downstairs.  Mattresses professionally cleaned.","Private room with floor heating, wifi, single bed + double bed (on entresol). Quiet street in safe area with a great vibe. Trams/buses/train taking you in minutes to the city's hotspots. Spacious shared bathroom with bath tub and walk-in shower. The room is very light because of the large window. The double bed is situated on the entresol. This creates space in the room, and is really cosy. The room counts with a table, chair and small couch; fridge, water boiler, hairdryer, and single bed downstairs.  Mattresses professionally cleaned. Private door in ground floor apartment. Direct access to your room, bathroom and the toilet. So you don't have to pass through my rooms.  We share the spacious and refurbished bathroom with walk-in shower and bathtub, and the separate toilet.  You can make tea and coffee in your room and you have a small fridge there to store food/drinks.  Tea/coffee available. I will be in the house when guests stay. I'll be glad to point out the highlights of the area","My guests say about the neighborhood : ""Loved the area, a great community to stay in with all the local amenities you could hope for (supermarket, local restaurants/cafes, tram and train stations - 2 mins walk away) and a great vibe! "" It is a lovely, real Amsterdam neighborhood, safe, calm yet lively. Lately this neighborhood is becoming THE place to be, a real Amsterdam hot spot with lots of stores, bars and restaurants opening up.  A mix of cultural background; mostly young professionals and young families. Drover's Dog is the breakfast-lunch place (Australian) at the corner. My guests find the food is excellent & prices decent. A new hip Asian restaurant just opened up practically on the other corner of my street. There are quite a few more nice restaurants in the neighborhood. And a supermarket. A great street, just 2 blocks down: Javastraat. Cultural mix, lots of Marokkan and Turkish stores where you can buy special herbs and ingredients for dishes like tajines, mixed with trendy","Public transport is excellent because there is a train station (Muiderpoort) at 2 minutes walking distance so your trip from the airport is a piece of cake, you don't need a taxi. And you are in the city center in 10 minutes. Live like the locals: at the corner of my street you can rent a bike for € 10 per day.","- I will keep some privacy in my part of the house. We share the large bathroom/toilet/ 2 hallways.  Feel free to use the shower/bath until midnight , but not after midnight. You can make coffee/tea in the guest room, and there is a small fridge.  - No smoking in the guest room/ no drugs / no parties or bringing people other then guests, to the house. No parties includes not coming to my house drunk or under the influence of drugs. No drugs / no drinking on front of my house. - Please keep the front door closed - Lock the front door when you leave - After checking out it is not possible to leave your luggage. There are luggage lockers at Central Station! - In case you need washing/drying please consult your host. - This is a residential neighborhood, please don't make noise after 22.00 - Animals are not allowed"
