"Please, make sure to read all our guidelines and not just some. Highlighting: be careful, especially with the luggage. Do not lean against the walls. See section 'Other things to keep in mind' in the description. Victorian room in original 1900 building style. Jacuzzi, steam sauna, rooftop terrace, warm landlord Dina-Perla and the cutest, sweetest and calmest dog Pom ever seen. This baroque style house contains all you need for an unforgettable visit.","The cozy, Victorian room can host two people and contains two separate beds next to each other, a chair next to the bed, a desk from glass with a lamp on top of it and a closet. The room is light, comfortable and simple, to make you feel at home during you stay. There is a fireplace for decoration purposes and all elements of the room are in original 1900 baroque style. The sun will be shining through the window between approximately 13.00 and 18.00.","Please, make sure to read all our guidelines and not just some. Highlighting: be careful, especially with the luggage. Do not lean against the walls. See section 'Other things to keep in mind' in the description. Victorian room in original 1900 building style. Jacuzzi, steam sauna, rooftop terrace, warm landlord Dina-Perla and the cutest, sweetest and calmest dog Pom ever seen. This baroque style house contains all you need for an unforgettable visit. The cozy, Victorian room can host two people and contains two separate beds next to each other, a chair next to the bed, a desk from glass with a lamp on top of it and a closet. The room is light, comfortable and simple, to make you feel at home during you stay. There is a fireplace for decoration purposes and all elements of the room are in original 1900 baroque style. The sun will be shining through the window between approximately 13.00 and 18.00. Guests who eat vegan only may use the kitchen.  There's a special coffee machine in the k","Summary:  Museumplein district is known as the best neighborhood of Amsterdam,  located in Amsterdam Old South. Van Gogh Museum, Rijks Museum,  Concertgebouw and Vondelpark are within a couple of minutes walking distance. 10 minutes walking and you'll be at the Leidseplein, the main area for dinner, drinks and dancing. 15 to 20 minutes walking and you'll be at the largest conference center called the RAI. Full description: Dina-Perla Loges is located in Amsterdam Old South, the best neighborhood of the city - perhaps of the Netherlands, 20 seconds away from the Museumplein and the famous concert hall, called Het Concertgebouw.  Five to ten minutes walking and you'll be at the Leidseplein, in the center of Amsterdam. There, you'll find all shops, restaurants, cafes, clubs, theaters and so on you'll be looking for, including the Hardrock Café, American Café, the Stadsschouwburg and the Melkweg music hall. The same goes for the multicultural, artistic and youthful area called the Pijp. Fi","To travel to Dina-Perla Loges:  From Schiphol:  We are more than happy to pick you up for 25 Euro - our Airport Express, or drop you by car for 25 Euro, if possible.  Public transport:  You can take the red bus with number 397 and jump off at the stop called Museumplein.   You could also take the train to Amsterdam Centraal Station or Amsterdam Zuid Station and finish your travel according to the mentioned route. From Amsterdam Centraal Station:  Take tram 12 or 24 and jump off at the stop called Museumplein / Concertgebouw.  From Amsterdam Zuid Station:  Take tram 5 and jump off at the stop called Museumplein / Concertgebouw.","Do come on time for the check-in. If being delayed, please let us know.  Dina-Perla Loges has the old and steep stairs you could expect in Amsterdam. Careful with the luggage and do not bring what you cannot carry.  The building is almost 200 years old, so be gentle indeed, also with closing the doors etc. The more delicate you are, the better. :) Please be extremely careful not to break the wood or create marks on the walls.  Please, make sure to not open the windows entirely, thus apart from the system applied. This is a strict rule at Dina-Perla Loges, both for your safety, as well as for the safety of the animals. Also, please make sure to keep the sink and mirror in the bathroom neat, not to keep lights or heating on when not using and to put shoes in the middle of the stairs. In addition, make sure both buttons in the shower are turned to the left entirely after showering. Otherwise, it keeps on dripping.  Please use one towel per person. Please do not shower after midnight.  Ple"
