We just renovated our apartment and we are very proud and exited to host our first guests while we are away on our own journey. Our apartment is located between the Jordaan and Erasmus park and it's also a stones throw away from  the city centre. Our apartment is stylish and bright and public transport is right at the doorstep. It's best suited for couples or 3 persons.,,"We just renovated our apartment and we are very proud and exited to host our first guests while we are away on our own journey. Our apartment is located between the Jordaan and Erasmus park and it's also a stones throw away from  the city centre. Our apartment is stylish and bright and public transport is right at the doorstep. It's best suited for couples or 3 persons. Although the best way to get around in Amsterdam is by bike (bike rental around the corner). It's cheap, fast and takes you to places where public transport doesn't.  Public transport: From the airport --> apartment; Easiest is by taxi (€45), cheaper is by train; Take the train to ''Amsterdam Sloterdijk''. Take tram 12 to ''Amstelstation'' Get off at ''Jan van Galenstraat""  The apartment is right next to the exit. Public transport in to centre; Two tramlines are stopping right in front of our apartment. Tram 12 takes you to Vondelpark, Museumsquare and beyond. (10 min) Tram 14 takes you to Damsquare, Rembrandsquare, and",,"Although the best way to get around in Amsterdam is by bike (bike rental around the corner). It's cheap, fast and takes you to places where public transport doesn't.  Public transport: From the airport --> apartment; Easiest is by taxi (€45), cheaper is by train; Take the train to ''Amsterdam Sloterdijk''. Take tram 12 to ''Amstelstation'' Get off at ''Jan van Galenstraat""  The apartment is right next to the exit. Public transport in to centre; Two tramlines are stopping right in front of our apartment. Tram 12 takes you to Vondelpark, Museumsquare and beyond. (10 min) Tram 14 takes you to Damsquare, Rembrandsquare, and beyond. (10min)","- We do our best to maintain a good relationship with our neighbours, we respect them and as a result we receive the same back. Please keep in mind we all live close next to each other so please keep noise to a minimum and quiet after 22.00."
