"You'll feel inspired and at home in this spacious, clean place in the green area of Amsterdam. Close access (walking distance) to public transport. 15 minutes from the hart of the center by tram. Wifi, organic coffee and tea are free.","Welcome to this attractive room in the Connect-Inn with private balcony. The room is suitable for couples / friends (2 persons) with a cultural interest. The well decorated, spacious apartment with double bed (180/210) is just what you need after an exciting day discovering Amsterdam.  Wifi, organic coffee and tea are free and available in your apartment. Cups, plates, cutlery  for breakfast are provided. There is a small fridge in to keep your groceries cool. The bathroom is next to your room and has a bath, shower and toilet. You,ll share it with my daughter and me. The house is situated in a green area of Amsterdam. Close acces, at walking distance, to public transport.  It takes 7 minutes from Schiphol Airport by train to Station Lelylaan. This station is close to my house and has trains, trams and busses. The nearest tram stop, at 3 minutes walking distance, is Johan Huizingalaan. From there you can be at the Leidseplein in 15 minutes or at the museum district.  A large park calle","You'll feel inspired and at home in this spacious, clean place in the green area of Amsterdam. Close access (walking distance) to public transport. 15 minutes from the hart of the center by tram. Wifi, organic coffee and tea are free. Welcome to this attractive room in the Connect-Inn with private balcony. The room is suitable for couples / friends (2 persons) with a cultural interest. The well decorated, spacious apartment with double bed (180/210) is just what you need after an exciting day discovering Amsterdam.  Wifi, organic coffee and tea are free and available in your apartment. Cups, plates, cutlery  for breakfast are provided. There is a small fridge in to keep your groceries cool. The bathroom is next to your room and has a bath, shower and toilet. You,ll share it with my daughter and me. The house is situated in a green area of Amsterdam. Close acces, at walking distance, to public transport.  It takes 7 minutes from Schiphol Airport by train to Station Lelylaan. This statio","Different shops, Turkish, Maroccain, Dutch of course, Bulgarian, Indian. Alle kinds of food are close. Also the Sloterpark is nice ifor instance you like to run or walk.","The nearest tram stop is at walking distance (3 minutes) Public Transport:  After your booking you'll receive detailed directions by email including info about public transport. Amsterdam has paid parking. However this area is the cheapest. We have paid parking from 09.00 till 19.00 and on Sunday it is free. Costs: 1,40 per hour and 8,40 per day.","Please inform me about your arrival and departure time immediately after the booking; I like to know my quests, so your updated profile on Airbnb is required; A connection on social media is much appreciated; No wet towels on the chairs; No wet wipes in the toilet; You should have an insurance in case of damage. Damage under 150 euro's must be paid in cash. You can use the washing machine and dryer for an extra fee You should not remove anything that does not belong to you.  Keep noise to a minimum after 10:00 pm."
