"You will feel inspired, and at home in this fantastic, luxurious loft. Spacious, bright and clean, with fully equipped kitchen. You can relax after an exciting day, cook your favorite meals and enjoy free organic senseo coffee and organic teas.","The private, well decorated loft is located on the second floor of this comfortable house.  Colorful artwork and a spacious wardrobe are included within the comfortable double bedroom.  You can relax in the comfortable living room, and prepare tasty meals in the fully equipped kitchen.  The loft is divided in three parts. The living room / kitchen, the bathroom with shower and toilet, and the bedroom. Towels, bedlinen, toilet paper and of course a hairdryer are included. Free Wi-Fi and organic coffee and tea and a few supplies are provided.","You will feel inspired, and at home in this fantastic, luxurious loft. Spacious, bright and clean, with fully equipped kitchen. You can relax after an exciting day, cook your favorite meals and enjoy free organic senseo coffee and organic teas. The private, well decorated loft is located on the second floor of this comfortable house.  Colorful artwork and a spacious wardrobe are included within the comfortable double bedroom.  You can relax in the comfortable living room, and prepare tasty meals in the fully equipped kitchen.  The loft is divided in three parts. The living room / kitchen, the bathroom with shower and toilet, and the bedroom. Towels, bedlinen, toilet paper and of course a hairdryer are included. Free Wi-Fi and organic coffee and tea and a few supplies are provided. The loft is accessable through two staircases (to the first and second floor). They are, like in every house in Amsterdam, a bit steep and turned. I love the concept of Airbnb!  A great, informal way of meeti","Located in a pretty, green area of Amsterdam, you will find yourselves in close proximity to supermarkets, a shopping area and a swimming pool. Just 7 minutes by train from Schiphol Airport and 15 minutes from the Museum district. Supermarkets, restaurants, public transport and the lovely Sloterpark are less then a 5-minute walk away. Different shops, Turkish, Maroccain, Dutch of course, Bulgarian and Indian. Alle kinds of food are near. Also the Sloterpark is nice place, if f.e. you like to walk or run.","Schiphol Airport is 7 minutes’ away by train. Easy acces by Metro to RAI, Olympic Stadion, VU, Heineken Music Hall, Ziggo Dome. Walk for 3 minutes to reach the tram stop, while Lelylaan Train and Metro Station are only 7 minutes away on foot. Filled with bars, restaurants and more offbeat attractions, Leidseplein Square is a 15-minute tram ride away. The vibrant Dam Square is within a 25-minute distance via tram.","Please respect us and the neighbours and keep noise to a minimum between 10 pm and 8 am. Houes in Amsterdam are not very well isolated. No smoking inside Please note that 2 cats live in the house downstairs, they do not have access to the apartment. Please follow instructions for waste disposal and recycling. Please use only organic, biodegradable soaps/shower gels/ shampoos etc. Please do not throw anything other than toilet paper into the toilet."
