,"To enjoy Amsterdam as an Amsterdammer it is always nicer to stay in someone's house. You can enjoy mine which has been recently new decorated.  New industrial kitchen, bathroom and living space. The bathroom and bedroom are in the back. Bathroom is very modern and bedroom is small but very cosy, very Amsterdam like! And since December 2012 I got wireless internet!!   I also started on the garden and the patio is finished so you can sit outside in the sun with a glass of wine when you have returned from sightseeing. My house is situated in the popular area called De Pijp. You can find really good restaurants for descent prices, coffeebars, delicatesse shops for a good take away, a Spagetteria on the corner and a supermarket and a cool local cinema if you decided to catch a movie. I'm very close by the river Amstel, de Albert Cuyp market and 15 minutes walk away from Rembrandplein, Flowermarket, the hart of Amsterdam. There is easy access to public transport which is handy. I'm also 10 m","To enjoy Amsterdam as an Amsterdammer it is always nicer to stay in someone's house. You can enjoy mine which has been recently new decorated.  New industrial kitchen, bathroom and living space. The bathroom and bedroom are in the back. Bathroom is very modern and bedroom is small but very cosy, very Amsterdam like! And since December 2012 I got wireless internet!!   I also started on the garden and the patio is finished so you can sit outside in the sun with a glass of wine when you have returned from sightseeing. My house is situated in the popular area called De Pijp. You can find really good restaurants for descent prices, coffeebars, delicatesse shops for a good take away, a Spagetteria on the corner and a supermarket and a cool local cinema if you decided to catch a movie. I'm very close by the river Amstel, de Albert Cuyp market and 15 minutes walk away from Rembrandplein, Flowermarket, the hart of Amsterdam. There is easy access to public transport which is handy. I'm also 10 m",,,"No Smoking, No load music after 21:00."
