"Beautifully located in the picturesque village Durgerdam, 10 car minutes from city centre  Amsterdam. Free parking. Private garden studio, own terrace and use of the jetty in front of my house with great panorama over the IJ-Lake. Free use of bikes. Free wifi. Please note, nearest public transport is tram station (15 minutes by bike, 5 minutes by car) that takes you to Amsterdam Central Station in 9 minutes. So if you are not by car and do not like biking, my place is not recommended.",Charming studio of 20m2 in garden cottage in picturesque village in Amsterdam-North. Private terrace. Beautiful view over the meadows. Enjoy my jetty at the front of the house with great panorama over the lake. Use my bikes for free to get into town (Amsterdam) or to explore the surroundings. Free wifi.,"Beautifully located in the picturesque village Durgerdam, 10 car minutes from city centre  Amsterdam. Free parking. Private garden studio, own terrace and use of the jetty in front of my house with great panorama over the IJ-Lake. Free use of bikes. Free wifi. Please note, nearest public transport is tram station (15 minutes by bike, 5 minutes by car) that takes you to Amsterdam Central Station in 9 minutes. So if you are not by car and do not like biking, my place is not recommended. Charming studio of 20m2 in garden cottage in picturesque village in Amsterdam-North. Private terrace. Beautiful view over the meadows. Enjoy my jetty at the front of the house with great panorama over the lake. Use my bikes for free to get into town (Amsterdam) or to explore the surroundings. Free wifi. Private studio in garden cottage. Own terrace. Free use of bikes and jetty in front of the house. Free wifi. I try to be there when you arrive and will be happy to give you advice and tips to get the most ","Durgerdam is a typical Dutch village situated in Amsterdam-North. Beautiful and peaceful, but with easy access to the city centre by bike (35 minutes) or car (10 minutes) or bike to nearest tram station (15 minutes) and then tram ride of 9 minutes to the centre.","If you arrive by plane, I recommend to take a taxi (costs around 40 euros). Once here, you can bike to the centre (35 minutes to the free ferry that takes you to Amsterdam Central Station). By car 10 minutes to get into the centre.  P&R Zeeburg: 5 minutes by car. Cheap parking + tickets for tram (9 minutes to Central Station). You can park you car for free at the nearby parking in the village (2 minutes walk from my house).",No-smoking in the house please. You can use the terrace for this.
