"An apartment located in the beautiful old city center of Amsterdam. 5 min walk from central station, in a calm neighbourhood with an amazing view on the canals. Lovely bars, shops and restaurants within walking distance and public transport nearby. ",A light and cosy home in a renovated 17th century warehouse. It is not very big (30 square meters) but it has all the comfort that you need. It is an one bedroom apartment and perfectly suitable for two persons. ,"An apartment located in the beautiful old city center of Amsterdam. 5 min walk from central station, in a calm neighbourhood with an amazing view on the canals. Lovely bars, shops and restaurants within walking distance and public transport nearby.  A light and cosy home in a renovated 17th century warehouse. It is not very big (30 square meters) but it has all the comfort that you need. It is an one bedroom apartment and perfectly suitable for two persons.  All basic needs will be provided, such as clean sheets, towels, coffee, tea and of course WiFi!  There is an induction cooking set available; safe and easy to use. There is no TV, no oven/microwave and no dishwasher.  Laundry machine is available; if needed, please contact me first.   You have the apartment completely to yourself, but if you have any questions; I live downstairs and I will be happy to answer them. Knock on my door or send me a text whenever help is needed! Walk out the door and immediately enjoy the famous city cen","Walk out the door and immediately enjoy the famous city center of Amsterdam; there is an award winning shopping street around the corner (Haarlemmerdijk), you can take a walk over the canals, relax in the Westerpark, visit the museums or explore the Amsterdam nightlife. ","Public transport is nearby; 5 minutes walk from central station, busses, trams and a metrostation If you arrive at Schiphol airport, a train to Amsterdam Centraal Station will be running every 15 minutes  Bike rentals are nearby as well (around 10 euros a day) Free Parking space is very limited, there are a couple of garages that offer parking space (caution: around 50 euros a day). Parking outside the city centre is easier and cheaper. ","No smoking No pets No extra guests  No loud music; the building can be a bit noisy, so please respect the neighbours!"
