"Beautiful studio apartment in a canal house, very close to Anne Frank House, the canal belt, Dam Square and all other major tourist attractions. Private entrance, private bathroom with toilet and a kitchenette. Choice between a King bed or two Twins.  Including breakfast (partly served and other items provided in the kitchenette). The studio has floor heating, working table, closet, TV and there is access to a roof terrace. All mod cons in a historic setting! No canal views but: peace and quiet.","Because the studio is in an old canal house there are two fairly steep (for foreign eyes) stairs involved. Guests with mobility problems should look elsewhere. The kitchenette contains all basic kitchen utensils, plus of course a fridge, microwave and two small cooking plates.","Beautiful studio apartment in a canal house, very close to Anne Frank House, the canal belt, Dam Square and all other major tourist attractions. Private entrance, private bathroom with toilet and a kitchenette. Choice between a King bed or two Twins.  Including breakfast (partly served and other items provided in the kitchenette). The studio has floor heating, working table, closet, TV and there is access to a roof terrace. All mod cons in a historic setting! No canal views but: peace and quiet. Because the studio is in an old canal house there are two fairly steep (for foreign eyes) stairs involved. Guests with mobility problems should look elsewhere. The kitchenette contains all basic kitchen utensils, plus of course a fridge, microwave and two small cooking plates. Access will be provided to a roof terrace. I will check you in and will serve breakfast in the hallway at a time of your choice; you can pick it up whenever you are ready for it. Otherwise I don't want to disturb your pri","The studio is right on the beautiful Leliegracht, near where it crosses one of the major canals (Keizersgracht). The Amsterdam centre and the wonderful Jordaan area are just around the corner! You are right in the middle of the historic centre of Amsterdam.",The Tramstop for Anne Frank House and Dam Square are a few minutes walking distance away. Central Station Amsterdam is only a 10 to 15 minute walk away.,"- Guests need to confirm their arrival time (at airport, Central Station or at the B&B)"
