"★ Location - Next to Westerpark and a 5 min walk to Jordaan (lovely neighboorhood) ★ Apartment - Clean and basic decorated with seperate bedroom and garden! ★ Fast Free Wireless ★ Transport - Good access to entire city by Tram, bus & bike","This is a cosy, comfortable and well taken care of apartment on the ground floor in the most popular area of Amsterdam. It’s a 2 minute walk to the trendy Westerpark, and a 5 minute walk to the autentic and famous Jordaan! The apartment is not big, but charming and it's perfect to stay as a couple or 2 friends. It is a private apartment, so you have your own bathroom (very small though) and kitchen. It has a private entrance and there is a nice private garden where you can eat (or smoke) if the wheater is ok.. You will sleep in a comfortable bed on a high quality mattress and I will provide you with fresh, clean linen and towels.","★ Location - Next to Westerpark and a 5 min walk to Jordaan (lovely neighboorhood) ★ Apartment - Clean and basic decorated with seperate bedroom and garden! ★ Fast Free Wireless ★ Transport - Good access to entire city by Tram, bus & bike This is a cosy, comfortable and well taken care of apartment on the ground floor in the most popular area of Amsterdam. It’s a 2 minute walk to the trendy Westerpark, and a 5 minute walk to the autentic and famous Jordaan! The apartment is not big, but charming and it's perfect to stay as a couple or 2 friends. It is a private apartment, so you have your own bathroom (very small though) and kitchen. It has a private entrance and there is a nice private garden where you can eat (or smoke) if the wheater is ok.. You will sleep in a comfortable bed on a high quality mattress and I will provide you with fresh, clean linen and towels. It’s a 2 minute walk to the trendy and authentic Westergasfabriek area, which is a hotspot in Amsterdam. Especially during ","It’s a 2 minute walk to the trendy and authentic Westergasfabriek area, which is a hotspot in Amsterdam. Especially during summers this area is great for sports, picnic, BBQ and festivals. But all year equipped with a theater, cinema, art & galleries, cool restaurants and bars. At the end of the street - just 1 minute walk - you have a shopping street with supermarkets, a baker, butcher, take away shops and restaurants, cafes, etc.. Around the corner there is a small neighborhood store, which sell great vegetables, fruits, Turkish bread, cheese and sweets for very good prices. A 5 minute walk towards the centre brings you to the most cozy and lovely area called the ‘Jordaan’. Walk over the famous canals, small streets and explore the many cute restaurants, , lunchrooms, bars, galleries and shops. On Monday and Saturday there is a market with antiques and organic food at the Noordermarkt.","The bus (#21) from Amsterdam Central Station stops at a 1 minute walk from the front door. Tramline #10 runs trough the street, which connects West and East Amsterdam.  If you don't mind walking you could also walk from the Central Station (25 min).","- Please no smoking inside, only out in the garden, there is a sitting corner. - Please mind the neighbours."
