"A lovely apartment located across the Sarphatipark in De Pijp neighborhood. The famous streetmarket Albert Cuyp is at 2 minutes and the Vincent van Gogh museum, National Museum and Stedelijk Museum are very closeby ( 5 minutes by tramway)","-Kitchen: the kitchen comes with a fridge with freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, sink and ceramic hot plate (stove). You can go grocery shopping at the market or in the nearby supermarket and cook yourself a nice meal if you don't feel like going out. Enjoy a nice breakfast.  -Bedroom: the bedroom has a small dresser and a 2 person bed. It's just through to the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided. -Living room: the living room is a spacious room with a large couch, tv and dining table at the window with view of the garden.  Also there is a 2 x  2 person bed in the living room which is why we offer room for   6persons max. Smoking is NOT allowed in the appartment.","A lovely apartment located across the Sarphatipark in De Pijp neighborhood. The famous streetmarket Albert Cuyp is at 2 minutes and the Vincent van Gogh museum, National Museum and Stedelijk Museum are very closeby ( 5 minutes by tramway) -Kitchen: the kitchen comes with a fridge with freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, sink and ceramic hot plate (stove). You can go grocery shopping at the market or in the nearby supermarket and cook yourself a nice meal if you don't feel like going out. Enjoy a nice breakfast.  -Bedroom: the bedroom has a small dresser and a 2 person bed. It's just through to the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided. -Living room: the living room is a spacious room with a large couch, tv and dining table at the window with view of the garden.  Also there is a 2 x  2 person bed in the living room which is why we offer room for   6persons max. Smoking is NOT allowed in the appartment. Fully functional kitchen, bathroom with jacuzzi and washing machine. Free Wi-Fi. ","The Pijp is a lovely, vibrant neighborhood. There are lots of good little restaurants nearby, and the Sarphatipark is a great place to go on a sunny day. The  famous streetmarket Albert Cuyp can be reached in 5 minutes!","Directions:  -From Schiphol Airport: you take the train to Amsterdam Centraal Station. Arriving here it is easiest to take Tram 4 to the Van Woustraat. The stop is at the corner/intersection with a Coffee Company to your right. Go into this street and walk towards the park. At the cafe (Sarphaat) at the corner, cross the street at the indicated crossing and turn right. We are right across the park.  -To the city centre: Tram 4 is the best and easiest way of transportation into the city. The tram stop is less than 2 min away and takes you straight to the city center.  Tramway 3 takes you straight to all the famous musea: van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum. ","We expect our guests to behave appropriately and leave the apartment in a decent/clean condition. No parties, NO SMOKING, no animals allowed. Make sure you have an insurance in case of calamaties or accidents in the appartment!"
