"Fully equipped apartment, located in the coziest neighborhood next to all tourist-, and moreover, nice spots in Amsterdam. Cross the street and catch some sun in the park or grab a drink and bite at the lovely restaurants and bars!","This apartment is the perfect spot to stay when visiting Amsterdam. All rooms are elegantly furnished, fully equipped and moreover pleasant to stay. All facilities are available for a stay for couples, up to 3 visitors.  The apartment has a: Separate kitchen  With lots of cooking accessory available to make your nice dutch stew!  Separate bathroom with shower  Separate living room  Comfortable lounge corner with a sofa, TV and HI-FI system.  Seperate dining room: At the other room you can have your dinner at the large dining table with opening doors to the balcony. Balcony (x2) Both on the front and back of the apartment a balcony is located.   Bedroom  Bedroom with double-bed (1.60x2.00) and wachingmachine and dryer And of course: Free Wifi. The apartment is located on the second floor and has many windows so it is very light and pleasant!","Fully equipped apartment, located in the coziest neighborhood next to all tourist-, and moreover, nice spots in Amsterdam. Cross the street and catch some sun in the park or grab a drink and bite at the lovely restaurants and bars! This apartment is the perfect spot to stay when visiting Amsterdam. All rooms are elegantly furnished, fully equipped and moreover pleasant to stay. All facilities are available for a stay for couples, up to 3 visitors.  The apartment has a: Separate kitchen  With lots of cooking accessory available to make your nice dutch stew!  Separate bathroom with shower  Separate living room  Comfortable lounge corner with a sofa, TV and HI-FI system.  Seperate dining room: At the other room you can have your dinner at the large dining table with opening doors to the balcony. Balcony (x2) Both on the front and back of the apartment a balcony is located.   Bedroom  Bedroom with double-bed (1.60x2.00) and wachingmachine and dryer And of course: Free Wifi. The apartment i","Very nice neighborhoud with some very good restaurants and bars. The Vondelpark is 5 min. walk and at the Leidseplein (5 min.) you can find a lot of clubs, restaurants and bars.","Welcome to OLD-WEST.  A neighborhood where you can find yourself relaxing in the central park of Amsterdam and meet the neighbors at the multiple corner cafes, bars and restaurants. As I mentioned earlier; close to every interesting place in the city and a supermarket across the street!",We expect you to treat our place with respect and leave it the way you found it. No parties are aloud and please be respectful to our neighbors. We will make sure that you feel home and enjoy Amsterdam!
