"Spacious, luxurious and cosy (just renovated) apartment for rent, next to Vondelpark, just 10 minutes from Leidse square/city centre. Very easy to reach. Big living & big kitchen with roof-terrace! We'll rent to 2 or 3 adults or a family with 1 or 2 children. Also we require that you have offline verification on your airbnb profile and positive reviews are a pre :-)","We'll rent to 2 or 3 adults or a family with 1 or 2 children. Also we require that you have offline verification on your airbnb profile and positive reviews are a pre :-) We offer our spacious, luxurious and cosy (just renovated) apartment for rent, near the Vondelpark (10 minutes from Leidse square).  We're: - 15 minutes door-to-door from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport - 10 minutes by tram to the city center - Close to Amsterdam marathon trail and start. - Within walking distance of the World fashion center and Vondelpark It's ideal for: - A couple looking for comfort and romance. - Small families with one or two children. - Business people (World Fashion Center within walking distance, the south business center -zuidas- in 15 minutes by frequent bus)  About the house Our house is a 2-floor apartment on the 3rd and 4th floor, 100+ square meters (1076 square feet) in total. The complex was built in the 1930's giving the apartment a great atmosphere. We've got 3 balconies and 1 huge rooftop","Spacious, luxurious and cosy (just renovated) apartment for rent, next to Vondelpark, just 10 minutes from Leidse square/city centre. Very easy to reach. Big living & big kitchen with roof-terrace! We'll rent to 2 or 3 adults or a family with 1 or 2 children. Also we require that you have offline verification on your airbnb profile and positive reviews are a pre :-) We'll rent to 2 or 3 adults or a family with 1 or 2 children. Also we require that you have offline verification on your airbnb profile and positive reviews are a pre :-) We offer our spacious, luxurious and cosy (just renovated) apartment for rent, near the Vondelpark (10 minutes from Leidse square).  We're: - 15 minutes door-to-door from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport - 10 minutes by tram to the city center - Close to Amsterdam marathon trail and start. - Within walking distance of the World fashion center and Vondelpark It's ideal for: - A couple looking for comfort and romance. - Small families with one or two children. - B",It's a nice and quiet residential area (sleeping guaranteed) with most buildings from the stylish 1930's. We're right between 2 large parks (few hundred meters) and have a nice view over the large square (no opposite neighbours).,"Tram 1 and 17 stop right in front of the door and will get you to the heart of the city center in 10 - 15 minutes. The highway exit is just 2 minutes drive and the airport 15 minutes door-to-door (train or taxi). Parking space is always available on the safe street, but can be expensive.","- no smoking inside. We have 3 balconies and 1 rooftop terrace so that won't be much of a problem for you :-) - We love our neigbours, so keep the noise down"
