"Come celebrate your summer holiday here! This third-floor typical Amsterdam apartment is the perfect place to host 2 people, optionally a 3rd person. It's a cozy friendly house with a nice balcony that has sun almost all day. Also the area around is one of the nicest popular area's in Amsterdam: De Pijp. Welcome in Amsterdam!","This cosy apartment is in the middel of 'de Pijp', a nice energetic neighbourhood in the middle of Amsterdam. Full of little cafe's, restaurants, secondhand shops and the Albert Cuyp food & shopping market. Very close to the center, reachable by bike or public transport. It's a cosy house with two big rooms and one smaller room, an open kitchen and a bathroom. The living room has a round table that can be enlarged for 6 persons. There's a cosy couch, and big doors to the balcony where there is soon most of the day. At the moment the front room is furnished as a lounge room (see photo's), but I will put in a bed, so 4 persons can sleep in this apartment. There is an open kitchen in the living-room, with stove and fridge, a little oven and microwave. In the back of the apartment there is a nice cosy little bedroom with a 2-persons-bed. The apartment is situated in a quiet street with a lot of families. There is a gym in the same street. In 5 minutes you will enter a nice street with seve","This cosy apartment is in the middel of 'de Pijp', a nice energetic neighbourhood in the middle of Amsterdam. Full of little cafe's, restaurants, secondhand shops and the Albert Cuyp food & shopping market. Very close to the center, reachable by bike or public transport. It's a cosy house with two big rooms and one smaller room, an open kitchen and a bathroom. The living room has a round table that can be enlarged for 6 persons. There's a cosy couch, and big doors to the balcony where there is soon most of the day. At the moment the front room is furnished as a lounge room (see photo's), but I will put in a bed, so 4 persons can sleep in this apartment. There is an open kitchen in the living-room, with stove and fridge, a little oven and microwave. In the back of the apartment there is a nice cosy little bedroom with a 2-persons-bed. The apartment is situated in a quiet street with a lot of families. There is a gym in the same street. In 5 minutes you will enter a nice street with seve",,,"Please leave the apartment the way you found it; clean up the used kitchen and the bath room. You don't have to vacuum or mop the floors. Also leave the used towels and bedsheets on the floor, so I can wash them. Please  don't smoke inside the house, but use the balcony."
