It is an sweet old house. (1918) It is situated in a quite area. A 10 min. busdrive away from the city centre. It has a living room with open plan kitchen and a bathroom on the first floor. A bedroom on the 2nd floor with a double bed.  ,My house in totaal 50 m2 large.  Has an modern/classical interior. ,"It is an sweet old house. (1918) It is situated in a quite area. A 10 min. busdrive away from the city centre. It has a living room with open plan kitchen and a bathroom on the first floor. A bedroom on the 2nd floor with a double bed.   My house in totaal 50 m2 large.  Has an modern/classical interior. The guest has a acces to the whole house. and free WIFI. I will be there for the check-in en the check-out.  Check in and out is flexible.   The rest of the time I'm away.   For questions an  probleems I can be contacted. It is an old labour area. What makes my neighborhood unique is that it is a very quite one.  But close to the city centre.  So during the day you have your hustle an bustle and at night a quite sleep. The area is also very close to 'Landelijk Noord'.  here you can enjoy nature and the real dutch landscape with Windmills dykes, water and lots of birds. The area is well contected with the city center by public transport . Busses 32 en 33 have a regular service and will b","It is an old labour area. What makes my neighborhood unique is that it is a very quite one.  But close to the city centre.  So during the day you have your hustle an bustle and at night a quite sleep. The area is also very close to 'Landelijk Noord'.  here you can enjoy nature and the real dutch landscape with Windmills dykes, water and lots of birds. ",The area is well contected with the city center by public transport . Busses 32 en 33 have a regular service and will bring you to down town Amsterdam.  The busstop is a 5 min walk away form my house. Free parking in the area where I live.,In order to book my house you have uploaded your ID on the website of Airbnb Please respect the house and the neighbors. No smoking is not allowed inside the house.  You can smoke in the front or backyard. Enjoy your stay!
