"Experience Amsterdam from our charming penthouse on the top floor of an early 20th century dyke house. Enjoy the cafe's, bars, restaurants and clubs in hip Amsterdam East or take our bikes for a 10 min. ride to the city centre.","In 2012, the whole apartment was fully renovated: we got a new bathroom, hardwood floors, central heating and most importantly: the old ceiling was removed, giving way to a 4mtrs high slanted ceiling roof, 2 skylights and exposed beams. Because our apartment is on the highest floor of the highest apartment building of this park of the dyke, there are no next door neighbours. Stunning sunrises and views are guaranteed!  The apartment is decorated with lovely vintage furniture, a big flat screen television and lots of books. There is high-speed internet throughout the apartment. The separate bedroom contains a queen sized double bed with a good mattress, ample storage and French doors to the balcony. The kitchen is original, but extended with a large design fridge and freezer, large workface area and a modern stove with 5 burners and a proper oven. A dishwasher, washing machine and coffee maker are also available. The bathroom is rather tiny but contains a nice and warm shower, toilet, w","Experience Amsterdam from our charming penthouse on the top floor of an early 20th century dyke house. Enjoy the cafe's, bars, restaurants and clubs in hip Amsterdam East or take our bikes for a 10 min. ride to the city centre. In 2012, the whole apartment was fully renovated: we got a new bathroom, hardwood floors, central heating and most importantly: the old ceiling was removed, giving way to a 4mtrs high slanted ceiling roof, 2 skylights and exposed beams. Because our apartment is on the highest floor of the highest apartment building of this park of the dyke, there are no next door neighbours. Stunning sunrises and views are guaranteed!  The apartment is decorated with lovely vintage furniture, a big flat screen television and lots of books. There is high-speed internet throughout the apartment. The separate bedroom contains a queen sized double bed with a good mattress, ample storage and French doors to the balcony. The kitchen is original, but extended with a large design fridge","Amsterdam East is a hip and upcoming area close to Amsterdam’s city centre. Within walking distance there are lots of nice coffee bars (BRU Coffee, Rum Baba, Maxwell, Koffie in Oost), excellent and even famous restaurants (Rotisserie, Mama Dough, La Vallade, De Kas, Wilde Zwijnen, Michell’s Inn), 2 cinema’s (Studio K, Kriterion) and some of Amsterdam’s best bars and clubs (Hotel Arena, Roest, Volkshotel!). The museums are also close by. Within walking distance you can visit the Artis Zoo and the Hermitage. A 10-15 minute bike ride will take you to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the Amsterdam Stedelijk, the Red Light District or to the newly opened EYE: film museum and Cinema on the northern bank of the IJ River.  If you like to cook your own food, there are 4 supermarkets nearby. The apartment is also located in between de two largest markets of Amsterdam: the famous Albert Cuyp Market and the Dappermarkt, both a 5 minute bike ride away.","It's really fun to rent bikes to get around the city. Amsterdam is really safe;  going out at night-time by bike is not a problem. If you like cycling, we could also recommend some good cycling routes to explore the beautiful areas surrounding Amsterdam.  Note that parking is quite expensive in Amsterdam (min. 3 Euros per hour / 18 Euros per day). If you come by car, we suggest that you drive to our house, offload your luggage and then park the car just outside the city. From there it’s a 30 min. walk or a short metro ride back to the apartment. You can rent bikes in many places, the closest location to our house is the Zwarte Fietsen Plan. Public Transport in the Netherlands works with the OV-Chip card. You can buy an anonymous card in an automat or at the ticket station at any train station.  They cost € 7,50 for the card plus the amount you need for your trip. A cheaper alternative is to buy a single use-chip card. You can go to the service desk or to an automat and order a ticket f",
