Micheles’ houseboat has two delightful compact modern studios with all the necesary accessories needed for a comfortable stay in Amsterdam plus access to a large roof terrace for your summer bbq or swim. It is ideally situated for easy access to every part of the city and is located on an extremely charming and peaceful canal in ‘de Pijp.,"Private studio on houseboat in center! As I have two extra studios on my houseboat I would love for others to have the option for a nice and cosy stay in Amsterdam. The studios are on a lovely houseboat in the centre of Amsterdam, a very typical Dutch thing to do; living on a boat!  There are two little studios for rent. Each with their own bathroom (rain shower +toilet), a desk, basic cooking facilities, a minibar fridge, and a  double bed! When you book this listing you book 1 studio. If you are interested in renting both studios just contact me. Also:  Free Wi-Fi! If there is anything you would like to know about the studio or living on a boat please don't hesitate to send me a message! The city center is on walking distance! but also public transport connection to other parts of the city center are just on the corner of the street! (buses & trams!)  In the direct surrounding you will find: - overwhelming amount of good restaurants, bars, movie theater.  - famous flee market called ","Micheles’ houseboat has two delightful compact modern studios with all the necesary accessories needed for a comfortable stay in Amsterdam plus access to a large roof terrace for your summer bbq or swim. It is ideally situated for easy access to every part of the city and is located on an extremely charming and peaceful canal in ‘de Pijp. Private studio on houseboat in center! As I have two extra studios on my houseboat I would love for others to have the option for a nice and cosy stay in Amsterdam. The studios are on a lovely houseboat in the centre of Amsterdam, a very typical Dutch thing to do; living on a boat!  There are two little studios for rent. Each with their own bathroom (rain shower +toilet), a desk, basic cooking facilities, a minibar fridge, and a  double bed! When you book this listing you book 1 studio. If you are interested in renting both studios just contact me. Also:  Free Wi-Fi! If there is anything you would like to know about the studio or living on a boat plea","The neighbourhood ‘de Pijp’ is one of the most famous and funkiest city centre neighbourhoods, known for its local atmosphere and the many (coffee) bars, cosy restaurants, and of course Amsterdam’s oldest street market ‘de Albert Cuyp’. Moreover, the houseboat is located in the canal right next to the ‘Rijksmuseum’ and in walking distance of museum square. Convenience stores, bike-rentals, and even the best night shop of Amsterdam (open until 5am/7am) are all right around the corner.","Amsterdam is a tiny city which makes it easy to get around, either by foot, bike, taxi’s, or by public transport (tram 3,5,12,16,24, and bus 65 are directly accessible from the houseboat). This centrally located houseboat is perfect to enjoy a (weekend) trip to Amsterdam, or to start your day trip to famous places like Volendam, Delft or The Hague.","Mostly we just want you to enjoy you're stay, however, please treat the houseboat as you would your own home. Check-in and out are flexible but of course depending on other bookings and our schedule.  Please be quiet after 11pm outside out of respect for the neighbours (and Dutch law) Please let us know if you have any special requests!"
