"The cosy guest room is on the first floor of our appartment in the upcoming neighbourhood called De Baarsjes with a lot of Amsterdamse School architecture.  The room has its own entrance, a private toilet and shower, two beds and a wash stand. ","The cosy guest room is on the first floor of our appartment in the upcoming neighbourhood called De Baarsjes with a lot of Amsterdamse School architecture.  The room has its own entrance, a private toilet and shower, two beds and a wash stand. You can prepare your own coffee and tea.  Around the corner there is are good places for breakfast, drinks and dinner like Buon Giorno, Speijkervet, Louter, Fier and Bar Speck. Very big and very small shops are nearby for foodstuffs and all other things you need There is parking possibility in front of the house, but for longer stay we advice you to go to the Park&Ride called Bos en Lommer at the Leeuwendalersweg 23 b (€ 8,00 a day) and tram 7 takes you back to my house My house is located near the city centre: the Dam Square is 5 minutes by tram (line 13 and 14), 20 minutes walking or 5 minutes by bike.  If you choose the other direction take tram 7 and it brings you in 5’ to the Leidseplein (lots of shopping, main theatre, cinemas and of course","The cosy guest room is on the first floor of our appartment in the upcoming neighbourhood called De Baarsjes with a lot of Amsterdamse School architecture.  The room has its own entrance, a private toilet and shower, two beds and a wash stand.  The cosy guest room is on the first floor of our appartment in the upcoming neighbourhood called De Baarsjes with a lot of Amsterdamse School architecture.  The room has its own entrance, a private toilet and shower, two beds and a wash stand. You can prepare your own coffee and tea.  Around the corner there is are good places for breakfast, drinks and dinner like Buon Giorno, Speijkervet, Louter, Fier and Bar Speck. Very big and very small shops are nearby for foodstuffs and all other things you need There is parking possibility in front of the house, but for longer stay we advice you to go to the Park&Ride called Bos en Lommer at the Leeuwendalersweg 23 b (€ 8,00 a day) and tram 7 takes you back to my house My house is located near the city ce",,"From Schiphol Airport take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (15 min). Walk out through the main entrance (direction City Centre). On your right hand side  there is a sign ' tram B', take tram no 13 (every 10 min). It takes about 10 minutes to take you to stop ' Adm de Ruyterweg' (on display when you are near, press button). Walk in the same direction the tram goes and take the first street on the left, Witte de Withstraat. We live in the third block on the opposite side of the road nr 117.   Trams 12 and 14 also stop at ‘Adm de Ruyterweg’.  Tram 7 takes our street and tram 17 stops at the far end of our street.",The main house rule is that both the guests and the host feel free to communicate and express their wishes and complaints. And... ....our house is a non smoking house. ....we do not accept any drugs of any kind. ....towels are free. ....free tea and coffee at the room. ....you can use the water from the tap as drinking water. ....we ask you to respect the neighbours and we do not want you to invite other people.  ....there are a lot nice cafe's around the corner where you can spend the evening with  ....
