"Private room for 1 or 2 persons in a shared fully loaded appartment for rent. Located in the young and trendy neighbourhood Oosterparkbuurt, around the corner of the Oosterpark, within walking distance to the city center!","I offer a cosy room for 1 or 2 persons.    The double bed is not separable, but is probably the most comfortable one in the whole town! It's COCOMAT-matras (with only natural/organic materials inside). The room provides a small table, a clousard (for belongings or Luggage), a chair and a hairdryer.","Private room for 1 or 2 persons in a shared fully loaded appartment for rent. Located in the young and trendy neighbourhood Oosterparkbuurt, around the corner of the Oosterpark, within walking distance to the city center! I offer a cosy room for 1 or 2 persons.    The double bed is not separable, but is probably the most comfortable one in the whole town! It's COCOMAT-matras (with only natural/organic materials inside). The room provides a small table, a clousard (for belongings or Luggage), a chair and a hairdryer. You wil have acces to the kitchen and terrace with a view on a green courtyard and of course the shared bathroom. When I'm not at home, it is no problem to stay/hang around in my living room. I love to make my guests feel welcome in my house and my city. I can give you information about all the sightseeing spots in the old city centre and the cosy restaurants and bars just around the corner of my house. If the guest want to have diner in the house with me, than you're welco",I love the cosy restaurants and bars in my neighbourhood. The Oosterpark is just around the corner and you should also visit the Dappermarket. The most popular bar in the whole area is just at the corner of my appartment building: Cafe BUKOVSKY.,There's a metrostop 4 minutes away (halte Wibautstraat) and a tram on the other site of the street (line 7 + 3). Also line 9 stops close to my house. Parking is not a problem (just in front of my house) but relatively expensive. I should advise you to park your car near the city ring (at P&R  Zeeburg) and than take the metro or tram to my house. Parking at P&R will cost you only 1 euro a day (only in combination with a valid tram- or busticket from the centre),I expect respect!
