This cosy apartment in the  vibrant Westside of Amsterdam. There is good public transport (also a night bus) and the airport is close-by. The neighborhood has a lot shops & restaurants and just around the corner is a great market. See the reviews :),"Description  The apartment is on the second floor and is completely renovated. The apartment has 2 bedrooms. It has a light livingroom with a new kitchen with oven, dishwasher, fridge, microwave and induction cooking for some great cooking. The  bathroom has a washing machine and dryer, shower and a modern sink. The toilet is separate. Description  The apartment is on the second floor and is completely renovated. The apartment has 2 bedrooms and it is suitable for a couple and two extra persons. It has a light livingroom with a new kitchen with oven, dishwasher, fridge, microwave and induction cooking for some great cooking. The  bathroom has a washing machine and dryer, shower and a modern sink. The toilet is separate.  Included: - Bedlinnen- Tea, coffee,  - WiFi internet, - TV with lots English-speaking programs, - Towels, shower gel, shampoo, - Washing machine / dryer available,- Guides books & city brochures. Good Location:  Close to the CENTER and AIRPORT. The apartment is situate","This cosy apartment in the  vibrant Westside of Amsterdam. There is good public transport (also a night bus) and the airport is close-by. The neighborhood has a lot shops & restaurants and just around the corner is a great market. See the reviews :) Description  The apartment is on the second floor and is completely renovated. The apartment has 2 bedrooms. It has a light livingroom with a new kitchen with oven, dishwasher, fridge, microwave and induction cooking for some great cooking. The  bathroom has a washing machine and dryer, shower and a modern sink. The toilet is separate. Description  The apartment is on the second floor and is completely renovated. The apartment has 2 bedrooms and it is suitable for a couple and two extra persons. It has a light livingroom with a new kitchen with oven, dishwasher, fridge, microwave and induction cooking for some great cooking. The  bathroom has a washing machine and dryer, shower and a modern sink. The toilet is separate.  Included: - Bedlinn","I love this area because you have a lot of nice cultural places around. There is a market where you find nice vegetables and fruit. Different shops around the corner, a turkish bakery where you have lovely fresh bread for just a few cents and different international food places.","Public transport: At the Bos en Lommerplein (square) there are busses and trams, the train station Amsterdam Sloterdijk is also within walking distance. And at night there are night busses. From the airport: Take the train to Amsterdam Sloterdijk (10 minutes) departing from platform 1, 2 or 3. Then take bus 15 to Bos and Lommerplein and walk. Or take tram 12 to Wilthzanglaan and walk. Or you can take bus 64 to Granidastraat.","General  You have chosen our FreeRoomTonight service instead of a hotel. This means first of all that we can't give you a 24 hours service. Secondly, we have some house rules that need to be respected in order to make your stay and that of others as comfortable as possible. For one, we ask our guests to respect each other's privacy. We much appreciate it if our guests will be careful with the objects in our apartments. Accidents are always possible, but damages need to be paid for. Tranquility  Please respect each others well deserved sleep and try to be quiet should you come in at a late hour. Strangers  Strangers are not allowed into the apartments without our permission. Smoking  We are a NON SMOKING in our apartments. There is a balcony however where you can smoke. Smoking in therefor prohibited inside the apartment. Alcohol, (soft)drugs  The trade or use of (soft)drugs and alcohol abuse are not permitted. Legal  Any activity prohibited by the law are forbidden. Moving of furniture"
