"Apartment ""Canal Amsterdam"" is a stylish apartment. Great for a couple or two friends. It's located on first floor in the historic central part of Amsterdam. The apartment is modern, clean, and with a lot of amenities. Great place to call home!","I offer you a small but cosy and clean apartment(1st floor) in the city centre of Amsterdam. The house is in the middle of the historic part of Amsterdam. Do you like shopping, visiting museums, going out, or just walk through the beautiful city centre? Everything is just around the corner. My home is 50 m from the famous 'Skinny Bridge' over the Amstel. The river that turnes into a Canal here. In the living-room where you can relax on a big couch (2.87m) with a big TV. Besides is the kitchen, where you can find everything to cook a good meal.  And a new bathroom with quite big shower. The bedroom has a wonderful new (less than 1 year old) large bed, it's boxspring size 1.60 x 2.00meter. the outgoing life is just around the corner. You won't be bored and I would love to help you out during your stay in Amsterdam. If you want, I can leave you plenty of information about things to do.","Apartment ""Canal Amsterdam"" is a stylish apartment. Great for a couple or two friends. It's located on first floor in the historic central part of Amsterdam. The apartment is modern, clean, and with a lot of amenities. Great place to call home! I offer you a small but cosy and clean apartment(1st floor) in the city centre of Amsterdam. The house is in the middle of the historic part of Amsterdam. Do you like shopping, visiting museums, going out, or just walk through the beautiful city centre? Everything is just around the corner. My home is 50 m from the famous 'Skinny Bridge' over the Amstel. The river that turnes into a Canal here. In the living-room where you can relax on a big couch (2.87m) with a big TV. Besides is the kitchen, where you can find everything to cook a good meal.  And a new bathroom with quite big shower. The bedroom has a wonderful new (less than 1 year old) large bed, it's boxspring size 1.60 x 2.00meter. the outgoing life is just around the corner. You won't be ","If you want  to go out, everything is close-by. I live next to the famous canal called 'Amstel'. Whoever, the home is situated in a quit street, so you will sleep very well.",There are many tram-lines getting you into the outside skirts of the city. But most tourists simply walk because Amsterdam is very compact and this apartment is located in the centre of it :),No parties and no smoking (inside) please.
