,"Our apartment is a typical Amsterdam 1910s 'pijpenla' (pipe drawer): a rectangular space with a balcony at each end. The spacious, light apartment is on the second floor and counts ca. 60m2. It has a separate kitchen with all amenities, a bathroom with shower and toilet and a separate bedroom behind characteristic vintage glass doors.  Please note: we have a cat, so beware if you are allergic. Also, we kindly ask our guests to feed her and give her the occasional pat.  Our house is an ideal base from which to explore Amsterdam. The city centre is a 10 minute bike ride away.  We have Wifi, of course. A fold-out toddlers' bed sleeps anyone up to about four!","Our apartment is a typical Amsterdam 1910s 'pijpenla' (pipe drawer): a rectangular space with a balcony at each end. The spacious, light apartment is on the second floor and counts ca. 60m2. It has a separate kitchen with all amenities, a bathroom with shower and toilet and a separate bedroom behind characteristic vintage glass doors.  Please note: we have a cat, so beware if you are allergic. Also, we kindly ask our guests to feed her and give her the occasional pat.  Our house is an ideal base from which to explore Amsterdam. The city centre is a 10 minute bike ride away.  We have Wifi, of course. A fold-out toddlers' bed sleeps anyone up to about four! Guests have access to the entire flat except for a little spare room. We meet our guests upon arrival to give them a house tour. Our apartment is located in Amsterdam-Oost (East), an up and coming area with plenty of bar, restaurant and grocery shopping opportunities just around the corner. Our favourite is Brouwerij 't IJ, a low-key ","Our apartment is located in Amsterdam-Oost (East), an up and coming area with plenty of bar, restaurant and grocery shopping opportunities just around the corner. Our favourite is Brouwerij 't IJ, a low-key but bustling brewery in a mill with the best beer in town! Or enjoy the many bars and coffee places in the lively Javastraat, Turkish lokantas, Thai options, Australian coffee at Drovers Dog on the corner, student hangout and neighbourhood cinema Studio K, or sit down at Wilde Zwijnen (Wild Boars) for a gourmet dinner.","The apartment is near a train station and various tram and bus options. If you like to ride a bike, you can rent one for example at Waterlooplein at 'MacBike'. It's fun to go around cyling and you will mingle perfectly with the Amsterdammers.","No smoking, though smoking on the balcony is possible."
