"If you enjoy a cosy and neat apartment in the lovely and vibrant neighbourhood Old-West, this apartment is perfect for you!","The apartment has one bedroom with a large (1.80m) box spring double bed, a large balcony, a bathroom with a shower and toilet and a fully equiped kitchen. It has a living room with a dining table for five persons. There is free Wifi available, a stereo and a flatscreen tv. During your stay please feel free to contact me by cell phone, mail or (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) any time. Furthermore, upon arrival I will provide you with a list of details about the apartment, useful websites, places to visit in Amsterdam and a list of my own favourite restaurants/shops in the neighbourhood. Supermarket, local bars, restaurants and a coffeeplace all around the corner! Highlights within short walking distance: - The Vondelpark is nice for walking, running, skating and/or BBQ. Check out the ""Blauwe Theehuis"" in the middle of the park for a sandwich or a cool drink in the summer or a hot one in the winter. - Bars: ""de Toog"" or ""the Golden Brown Bar"" (both within 1 min walking distance) or ""cafe Ko","If you enjoy a cosy and neat apartment in the lovely and vibrant neighbourhood Old-West, this apartment is perfect for you! The apartment has one bedroom with a large (1.80m) box spring double bed, a large balcony, a bathroom with a shower and toilet and a fully equiped kitchen. It has a living room with a dining table for five persons. There is free Wifi available, a stereo and a flatscreen tv. During your stay please feel free to contact me by cell phone, mail or (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) any time. Furthermore, upon arrival I will provide you with a list of details about the apartment, useful websites, places to visit in Amsterdam and a list of my own favourite restaurants/shops in the neighbourhood. Supermarket, local bars, restaurants and a coffeeplace all around the corner! Highlights within short walking distance: - The Vondelpark is nice for walking, running, skating and/or BBQ. Check out the ""Blauwe Theehuis"" in the middle of the park for a sandwich or a cool drink in the sum","Supermarket, local bars, restaurants and a coffeeplace all around the corner! Highlights within short walking distance: - The Vondelpark is nice for walking, running, skating and/or BBQ. Check out the ""Blauwe Theehuis"" in the middle of the park for a sandwich or a cool drink in the summer or a hot one in the winter. - Bars: ""de Toog"" or ""the Golden Brown Bar"" (both within 1 min walking distance) or ""cafe Kostverloren"" (5 min walking distance) for the local feel. - At the two main streets ""Overtoom"" and ""Jan Pieter Heijestraat"" you will find bakeries, butchers, cheese shops and many restaurants with Dutch, French, Thai, Indian, Italian, Morocan, Persian, Ethiopian and Surinamese cuisine.   - There is a supermarket Albert Heijn, a liquor store Gall&Gall, an evening store, two wine merchants, chinese massage salons and a Hertz if you want to rent a car and many design shops you may want to check out.",- Centrally located in Old-West (only 2 min walk to the Vondelpark) - City centre/Leidseplein/Museum Square only 5 min away by tram  - Schiphol Airport 25 min. away by tram and train,Please treat the apartment with respect. Smoking is allowed only on the balcony. The Dutch are pretty liberal but loud noise after midnight during weekdays is generally a no go.  I can give you the keys in person or you can pick them up at my neighbours / the Café around the corner. Please leave the keys on the table when you leave.
