"I bought this apartment little over 10 years ago and am still madly in love with the place. It's a typical Dutch historic little building, and my apartment is on the 3th and 4th floor. It has wooden floors. Bedroom on the top floor. Truly special!","Authentic, 2-floor apartment. Living and kitchen located on the 3th floor. Bedroom on the 4th floor.","I bought this apartment little over 10 years ago and am still madly in love with the place. It's a typical Dutch historic little building, and my apartment is on the 3th and 4th floor. It has wooden floors. Bedroom on the top floor. Truly special! Authentic, 2-floor apartment. Living and kitchen located on the 3th floor. Bedroom on the 4th floor. Guests have access to the entire apartment. No extra guests present. I'll be traveling myself or stay at a friends house so you have the whole place to yourself! There will be a contact person available for you during your stay. To plan your trip with public transport, you can use the online public transport travel planner. The website is available in English and works great: (URL HIDDEN) If you would like to travel by taxi, it’s possible to book one in advance with a substansial discount using this link: (URL HIDDEN) On the website you will see exactly how long the journey will take and how much it will cost you. You can even add your flight ","If you arrive at Central Station it's a 5 minute walk to your home away from home. It's in no more than 300 meters walking distance from Dam Square, a short 15 minutes walk to Leidseplein and 10 minutes to Rembrandtplein. Really, you can't find a better spot. Almost all the trams stop practically in front of the place so you'll be anywhere within minutes. Also there are many companies that rent out bikes within 1 or 2 minutes walk from my apartment.","To plan your trip with public transport, you can use the online public transport travel planner. The website is available in English and works great: (URL HIDDEN) If you would like to travel by taxi, it’s possible to book one in advance with a substansial discount using this link: (URL HIDDEN) On the website you will see exactly how long the journey will take and how much it will cost you. You can even add your flight number so the driver will know when you are delayed. It’s a professional taxi company with trustworthy drivers. There are also regular taxis available at the airport or central station that don’t need to be booked in advance.","I know Amsterdam is famous for it's grass and smoking culture, and just under my house is a very good coffeeshop where you can smoke away. However, I'm asthmatic so it's really strictly prohibited to smoke either joints or cigarettes inside the apartment.  Also, because of the wooden floors, my neighbors would really appreciate it if you don't wear shoes inside the house, and please be a little careful with playing loud music or making to much noise in general early morning or late in the evening. If you need to check in to the apartment between 21:00 (9PM) and midnight, this is possible, but there is an additional fee of €25, after midnight that will be €50. Thank you for understanding."
