"The place I call my home is a quiet, groundfloor appment for 2 persons. It has all the comfort you need, pIus a sunny garden! It is set in a bubbling neighboorhood 10 minutes from the centre. Public transport is around the corner. In short: perfect!","My place is set in a building block which dates back to 1924. You can still feel the histroy but since I have updated it to a modern standard, this old place offers all the comfort you need. That makes it best of both worlds. And a good sized, sunny garden! Where else are you gonna find that in this city? Exactly. Welcome! ;-)","The place I call my home is a quiet, groundfloor appment for 2 persons. It has all the comfort you need, pIus a sunny garden! It is set in a bubbling neighboorhood 10 minutes from the centre. Public transport is around the corner. In short: perfect! My place is set in a building block which dates back to 1924. You can still feel the histroy but since I have updated it to a modern standard, this old place offers all the comfort you need. That makes it best of both worlds. And a good sized, sunny garden! Where else are you gonna find that in this city? Exactly. Welcome! ;-) You can use everything that you can find in my home. From the washing machine to the food in the fridge.  You have full privacy. I won't bother you in any way, unless you contact me. Happy to help!  My neighboorhood is pretty booming. The last year several successfull restaurants and bars have opened like Eddy Spagetti, Smoking Barrels, Maxwell, Bar Bakowski and Michel Inn. And they're all really good! Also, there's a","My neighboorhood is pretty booming. The last year several successfull restaurants and bars have opened like Eddy Spagetti, Smoking Barrels, Maxwell, Bar Bakowski and Michel Inn. And they're all really good! Also, there's a cool club around the corner on the topfloor of the 'Volkshotel' called Canvas. Another bunch of places can be found at the river Amstel which is in walking distance. Try the polular 'Ysbreker' for lunch, or the authentic spanish cuisine at 'Tapas de Arroyo'.  During the day you can enjoy not one but two parcs: the classical Oosterpark and the former estate Franckendael. Plus there's the river Amstel that's worth a stroll.  There's a supermarket just 100m away. Further east there's a wide ranged shopping area called 'Oostpoort' at the Linnaeusstraat.  A famous market is the Dappermarkt which is eastbound. More famous is de Albert Cuyp-market which you will find if you head towards the city centre in the area called 'De Pijp'.","The bus in front of the house takes you to the Amstel Station. (By foot it's about a 12 min walk.) From there trains will take you not only to Amsterdam Central Station but also to Rotterdam, lovely Utrecht and the rest of the country.  Around the corner is the subway station 'Wibautstraat'. This is the fastest way into town. No need to go all the way to Central Station. The centre starts already at the stop 'Waterlooplein'. That's only 2 stops away!",
