"Situated in the popular, vibrant central  area 'de Pijp'. You’ll have everything within reach! Just around the corner you’ll find shops, cafés, restaurants, as well as the beautiful Sarphatipark. Museums quarter is only few minutes away by walk. ","On the third & fourth floor  and with a little roof terrace, from which you have a view over the centre of Amsterdam you find our cosy, modernly furnished apartment. The living room is bright by having large windows. The open kitchen is equipped with modern built-in appliances such as oven, dishwasher, fridge and freezer.  There is one large bedroom, where you will find a 2 person (king size) bed. The bathroom (with washing machine) and toilet are separate from each other.  Location:  Situated in the popular, vibrant central  area 'de Pijp'. You’ll have everything within reach! Just around the corner you’ll find many boutigue shops, cafés, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as the  main tram stops and a beautiful Sarphatipark. The daily fresh food and clothes market is in front of the house. The Leidseplein, Rembrandplein, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Museumplein, famous Vondelpark and many other famous attractions of Amsterdam are all within walking distance.  It is 10 minutes, by","Situated in the popular, vibrant central  area 'de Pijp'. You’ll have everything within reach! Just around the corner you’ll find shops, cafés, restaurants, as well as the beautiful Sarphatipark. Museums quarter is only few minutes away by walk. On the third & fourth floor  and with a little roof terrace, from which you have a view over the centre of Amsterdam you find our cosy, modernly furnished apartment. The living room is bright by having large windows. The open kitchen is equipped with modern built-in appliances such as oven, dishwasher, fridge and freezer.  There is one large bedroom, where you will find a 2 person (king size) bed. The bathroom (with washing machine) and toilet are separate from each other.  Location:  Situated in the popular, vibrant central  area 'de Pijp'. You’ll have everything within reach! Just around the corner you’ll find many boutigue shops, cafés, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as the  main tram stops and a beautiful Sarphatipark. The daily fres",,,No smoking in the house. No parties in the house!
