"The boat is 50m2 (way bigger then on the pictures) and located in the heart of Amsterdam. That means that all the famous squares , museums, parcs, markets, bars/ restaurants and shopping areas are around the corner and on walking distance! A unique and romantic way to experience Amsterdam!","The boat is full of art, books, oddities and furnitures that I collected from all over the world. Although the place is located in the city center, it is really quiet during the night because it is outside the touristic area(s).","The boat is 50m2 (way bigger then on the pictures) and located in the heart of Amsterdam. That means that all the famous squares , museums, parcs, markets, bars/ restaurants and shopping areas are around the corner and on walking distance! A unique and romantic way to experience Amsterdam! The boat is full of art, books, oddities and furnitures that I collected from all over the world. Although the place is located in the city center, it is really quiet during the night because it is outside the touristic area(s). Always there to help and advice (if appropriate) 10 minutes walking distance from all the famous squares (Rembrand-, Leidse-, Waterloo- and Museum square), markets (Albert Cuijp- and Waterloo market), nice bars/restaurants and shopping areas.   There are 2 supermarkets around the corner. In the summer, we swim in the Amstel river which is 300 meters from here.  The best place to spend your summer! The gay parade is also passing by on this canal! So you'll have first row for t","10 minutes walking distance from all the famous squares (Rembrand-, Leidse-, Waterloo- and Museum square), markets (Albert Cuijp- and Waterloo market), nice bars/restaurants and shopping areas.   There are 2 supermarkets around the corner. In the summer, we swim in the Amstel river which is 300 meters from here.  The best place to spend your summer! The gay parade is also passing by on this canal! So you'll have first row for this amazing event!!","Public transportation is everywhere around! Tram, metro and train",
