Spacious but cosy apartment with large city-garden. Unique & nicely decorated. Modern kitchen & beautiful bathroom. Situated at walking distance from Leidse & Museum Square. Next to Vondelpark. Easily reachable from Schiphol and Amsterdam CS.,"The apartment is very light and spacious and nicely decorated with a beautiful bathroom a great garden, with a nice daybed and dinner table. The house is child friendly (baby bed and high chair are available). There is one bedroom and the living room had space for an extra bed.","Spacious but cosy apartment with large city-garden. Unique & nicely decorated. Modern kitchen & beautiful bathroom. Situated at walking distance from Leidse & Museum Square. Next to Vondelpark. Easily reachable from Schiphol and Amsterdam CS. The apartment is very light and spacious and nicely decorated with a beautiful bathroom a great garden, with a nice daybed and dinner table. The house is child friendly (baby bed and high chair are available). There is one bedroom and the living room had space for an extra bed. The house has a large bath room with bathtub and separate shower. The kitchen is fully equipped. The place is private and there are no shared facilities. As a host I will let my guests in and give then a tour through the house. During your stay I will be reachable for questions and Amsterdam advice. The apartment is based in a typical Amsterdam area. Centrally located, close to the Museum Square and City Centre, but also close to Schiphol. The Vondelpark is amazing and on a","The apartment is based in a typical Amsterdam area. Centrally located, close to the Museum Square and City Centre, but also close to Schiphol. The Vondelpark is amazing and on a 3 minute walking distance. The environment is childfriendly.","The house is situated 1 minute from a tram station, leading you to the city centre (5 min), central station (20 min) and Schiphol (5 min and another 5 by train).","The house is non-smoking, but the large garden has comfy chairs, where you are allowed to smoke. The house is kid-friendly."
