"Perfect for 1 or 2 couples with children or a group of 4 friends. Stylish, modern, light, clean, quiet, safe 3 BEDROOM apartment (4 people) incl. parking spot. It has 1 double bed (160*200) small double bed (120*200) and 1 sofabed (120*190). The new roofterrace (30m2) is prefect to have drinks on. Make yourself at home and enjoy!","Situated between one of the great city parks and a beautiful lake. Next to a metro stop and bus stop to go anywhere you want in the city! The supermarket across the street is open 7 days a week and in evenings. Only a 10 minute bicycle ride away from Amsterdam's historic city center (e.g. Jordaan, Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum), my wonderful apartment offers a very comfortable, private and relaxing respite in the city. Public transportation (trams, buses, metro and trains) is within a very short walking distance. Metro 50 takes you to the RAI Convention Center or WTC in 10-15 minutes. Bus 18 and 64  takes you into the city in only 10 minutes, see below for more information! The A10 ring road around Amsterdam is only a minute away and easily accessible without any traffic delays, making this location also perfect for people traveling by car, commuters or people also wanting to explore the rest of the country by car. THE APARTMENT - Located on the top floor of a 4 year old apartme","Perfect for 1 or 2 couples with children or a group of 4 friends. Stylish, modern, light, clean, quiet, safe 3 BEDROOM apartment (4 people) incl. parking spot. It has 1 double bed (160*200) small double bed (120*200) and 1 sofabed (120*190). The new roofterrace (30m2) is prefect to have drinks on. Make yourself at home and enjoy! Situated between one of the great city parks and a beautiful lake. Next to a metro stop and bus stop to go anywhere you want in the city! The supermarket across the street is open 7 days a week and in evenings. Only a 10 minute bicycle ride away from Amsterdam's historic city center (e.g. Jordaan, Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum), my wonderful apartment offers a very comfortable, private and relaxing respite in the city. Public transportation (trams, buses, metro and trains) is within a very short walking distance. Metro 50 takes you to the RAI Convention Center or WTC in 10-15 minutes. Bus 18 and 64  takes you into the city in only 10 minutes, see below ","THE NEIGHBOURHOOD - Across the street (100 ms), there are two good supermarkets and plenty of specialty shops for food and groceries.  - Within a ten minute radius, there are numerous good places to have breakfast or lunch, bars, restaurants, coffee shops, nightclubs, cinemas and theatres. THE REMBRANDT PARK - The park is ideal for a relaxing afternoon, a picnic or barbecue and also for walking, jogging or a game of football. There are two public tennis courts and public fitness equipment - The park is within 5 minutes walking distance. - It also offers a children's farm (try their fresh, organic eggs), and several cool playgrounds for kids. THE SLOTERPLAS -The Sloterplas is a lake surrounded by a beautiful park, the Sloterpark. It’s within 10 minute walking distance. -In the park there is a frisbee course, an indoor and outdoor swimming pool.  -If you like running: a running track of 5,8 km is sign posted around the Sloterplas. There are various outdoor gyms. You can rent all sorts of","BIKE RENTAL There is a bikeshop the ""Amsterdamse Fietswinkel"" within 1km walking distance (12 minutes).  - Address: Postjesweg 106 - It costs €10,- euro a day to rent a bike and €25,- for 3 days (check website for more prices); - Please check the terms and conditions for the bike rental on their website; - Website: amsterdamsefietswinkel (+ dot nl).   PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION Bus 18: Bus Stop ""Derkinderenstraat""  - Within 1 minute walking distance  - Will take you to the Jordaan, the canals and Amsterdam Central Station (10-20 minutes)  - In the opposite direction, this bus will take you to Metro line 50 (Bus Stop ""Jan Tooropstraat""). Bus 64: Bus Stop ""Derkinderenstraat""  - 1 minute walking distance  - Will take you to Station Lelylaan (trains, buses, trams, metro) or, in the opposite direction, to Station Sloterdijk (trains, buses, trams, metro). Trains run regularly between Schiphol airport and Leylaan & Sloterdijk.  Nightbus 353: Bus stop ""Derkinderenstraat”  - Within 1 minute walking ","You are welcome in my apartment but please treat it like it's your own house. Please respect my neighbours, smoke on the balcony and leave your pets at home. Enjoy your stay and be happy! I am sure you will love it here!"
