"Hi! In a very vibrant neighbourhood, close to the city centre you'll find my appartment. A daily market (the best in Amsterdam) is a 2 minutes walk away.  Cool bars and parks are in the vicinity.  It's a great place to explore Amsterdam! ","A 75m2 bright and cosy appartment Fully equipped open kitchen, large dining table and cosy living.  A spacious bathroom with big bathtub and seperate shower.  A bedroom with doors to a large balcony and a second bedroom for a small child.","Hi! In a very vibrant neighbourhood, close to the city centre you'll find my appartment. A daily market (the best in Amsterdam) is a 2 minutes walk away.  Cool bars and parks are in the vicinity.  It's a great place to explore Amsterdam!  A 75m2 bright and cosy appartment Fully equipped open kitchen, large dining table and cosy living.  A spacious bathroom with big bathtub and seperate shower.  A bedroom with doors to a large balcony and a second bedroom for a small child. There are so much nice things to do, all which I can share with you while you're here just to meet your specific preferences. But here's some more general info: East is a funky and vibrant neighbourhood, known for the daily Dappermarket, Studio K, Tropenmuseum, the Artis zoo and the Hortus Botanicus. In close vicinity there are some great parks like the Oosterpark, Flevopark (with a great little gin and liquor distillery) and Diemerpark and some city beaches. Also close to some great rural countryside and green zones","There are so much nice things to do, all which I can share with you while you're here just to meet your specific preferences. But here's some more general info: East is a funky and vibrant neighbourhood, known for the daily Dappermarket, Studio K, Tropenmuseum, the Artis zoo and the Hortus Botanicus. In close vicinity there are some great parks like the Oosterpark, Flevopark (with a great little gin and liquor distillery) and Diemerpark and some city beaches. Also close to some great rural countryside and green zones surrounding Amsterdam. You can go running, cycling canoeing,swimming, waterskiing and sailing just ten minutes from my house. East is a multicultural part of town (just like the West side) with a good mix of Chinese, Surinamese, Moroccans, Turkish and Dutch people which is reflecting in loads of shops, bakeries and eateries. Besides that the cultural minded and young students have discovered East and happening places such as clubs, coffee bars and cafe's are fast spreading","Public Transport: Tram 3, 7,9,14 and bus 22, will connect you with the center in a short 10 minutes. Muiderpoort station only a 5 minute walk. ","It is a residential area, don't bother the neighbors. No loud music after 22.00. Not more guests than reserved for."
