"Cosy, warm and quiet flat available for short or long stay to enjoy the beautiful Amsterdam city. The flat is really well located, right at the border of the Jordaan area which is actually one of the nicest areas in town, very trendy and surrounded by canals.","The living room is really light from early morning till mid afternoon, you also have a view of the canals on the other side of the street. The bedroom is located on the quiet part (not street side), overlooking a garden area. It's very quiet and perfect for good night sleeps. There is also a sofa on which 2 persons can also sleep so it makes a comfortable place for 4, even if ideal for 2 only. Bathroom with bath and separated toilet too.","Cosy, warm and quiet flat available for short or long stay to enjoy the beautiful Amsterdam city. The flat is really well located, right at the border of the Jordaan area which is actually one of the nicest areas in town, very trendy and surrounded by canals. The living room is really light from early morning till mid afternoon, you also have a view of the canals on the other side of the street. The bedroom is located on the quiet part (not street side), overlooking a garden area. It's very quiet and perfect for good night sleeps. There is also a sofa on which 2 persons can also sleep so it makes a comfortable place for 4, even if ideal for 2 only. Bathroom with bath and separated toilet too. If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will make sure someone will be there to welcome you, show you around and answer all your questions. Very convenient area, shops very close to buy groceries or some souvenirs and practical stuff. 5 minutes walk to the Joordan too and also from the Westerpark,","Very convenient area, shops very close to buy groceries or some souvenirs and practical stuff. 5 minutes walk to the Joordan too and also from the Westerpark, super relaxed park with a few bars and clubs within the park itself.","Tram 3, 10. Bus 18 21. It takes 5 bus stops from Centraal Station (15min train from the airport) and it is 15 minutes walk from the center.","No smoking please, though you can smoke on the small balcony. Not too much noise either for the neighboors even if we don't hear much. I would like to ask of course to be careful with the furniture and keep the place as clean as possible."
