"The area My apartment is in a quiet street and literally next to the new and upcoming  area ""De Hallen"", which is a trendy and hipster gathering with cinema, bars, different dining areas, studios etc. There are plenty of new restaurants around.","Our apartment is located in the upcoming, artistic neighbourhood in the Old-West district Amsterdam, which is known for it's young and hip crowd. The apartment is on the ground floor and is 50+ square meters. The apartment cosists of a large, open living room, a kitchen with all necessary facilities, a separate sleeping room with king size bed (for two persons) with balcony, and a separate bathroom with toilet and bath. Smoking is allowed, but only on the balconies.","The area My apartment is in a quiet street and literally next to the new and upcoming  area ""De Hallen"", which is a trendy and hipster gathering with cinema, bars, different dining areas, studios etc. There are plenty of new restaurants around. Our apartment is located in the upcoming, artistic neighbourhood in the Old-West district Amsterdam, which is known for it's young and hip crowd. The apartment is on the ground floor and is 50+ square meters. The apartment cosists of a large, open living room, a kitchen with all necessary facilities, a separate sleeping room with king size bed (for two persons) with balcony, and a separate bathroom with toilet and bath. Smoking is allowed, but only on the balconies. Check in (after) 2pm, check out (before) 11am, but if there will be no guests before or after your stay, these times are flexible. If needed you can store your luggage. The house is in a quiet street and literally next to the famous new area ""De Hallen Amsterdam"", which is a hipster ","The house is in a quiet street and literally next to the famous new area ""De Hallen Amsterdam"", which is a hipster gathering with cinema, library, different dining areas, television studios etc. There are plenty of new and nice restaurants like 'Fier', 'Spaghetteria' and 'Cantinetta' just around the corner. Also, the authentic Ten Kate Market with local goods is very close by with restaurant Panache at the end. This restaurant is famous for its cocktails and a wonderful shared dining experience.","You can take several trams Amsterdam Central station to the apartment. Most convenient are line 13 and 17. Walk from tram stop to the apartment takes only a few minutes. From the apartment there are other connections to Leidsplein area and Vondelpark  (line 10) as well as Museumplein (line 3). There is a bicycle availble which can be used free of charge. However, there is a deposit required of € 50 to pay on arrival.",Smoking is allowed on the balconies.
