"A lovely design apartment ‘Amsterdam School’ style. 5-minute walk from Muiderpoortstation, located in the vibrant Indische Buurt full of local gems. The apartment comes with one adorable cat that needs caretaking-please consider the hairs and the miauwing-, but ..Stieg is good company! In contrary to many listings this is an actual apartment where I live so keep this in mind when booking.","The space is 93m2 of comfort and homeliness. A balcony which you can enjoy if the Dutch weather permits. A fully equipped kitchen where you can chop and cook up all the local and exotic produce you find on the Dappermarkt (open 6 days a week). A master bedroom with a 140cm bed. The guestroom currently needs some renovating. Some English books and a beamer to plug your Mac in for your own in house cinema. There is one cat who is part of the deal, so you must like cats and willing to give it his daily food water and some attention. So if you are allergic it is a major bummer but there's nothing I can do unfortunately I will not host people with an allergy. It is for your own good. I clean everyday but since the cat lives in the house there will be a few hairs here and there. It is unavoidable... (anyone owning a pet knows ;-)","A lovely design apartment ‘Amsterdam School’ style. 5-minute walk from Muiderpoortstation, located in the vibrant Indische Buurt full of local gems. The apartment comes with one adorable cat that needs caretaking-please consider the hairs and the miauwing-, but ..Stieg is good company! In contrary to many listings this is an actual apartment where I live so keep this in mind when booking. The space is 93m2 of comfort and homeliness. A balcony which you can enjoy if the Dutch weather permits. A fully equipped kitchen where you can chop and cook up all the local and exotic produce you find on the Dappermarkt (open 6 days a week). A master bedroom with a 140cm bed. The guestroom currently needs some renovating. Some English books and a beamer to plug your Mac in for your own in house cinema. There is one cat who is part of the deal, so you must like cats and willing to give it his daily food water and some attention. So if you are allergic it is a major bummer but there's nothing I can do","The neighborhood..Ohh.. where to start, there are so much nice things to do, all which I can share with you while you're here just to meet your specific preferences. But here's some more general info on my hood: Amsterdam East has a particular funky charm, in the recent years it has undergone a lot of restructuring and urban rejuvenation to rid the wild west stories and safety. Not to worry at all, Amsterdam East is now one of the most upcoming happening neighborhoods where more and more locals would like to live. And it is absolutely safe during the day and at night. A lot of original buildings have unfortunately been demolished and replaced with horrendous social houses but not all of them. I'm lucky to have obtained one of the Amsterdam school type architectural buildings, which you can still see in the neighborhood.  We are also in close vicinity of some great parks like the Oosterpark, Flevopark (with a great little gin and liquor distillery) and Diemerpark and some city beaches. ","Public Transport: Muiderpoort station only a 5 minute walk. Tram 7,14  and bus 22, will connect you with the center in a short 10 minutes.","There are a few house rules - No smoking inside- smoking can be done on the balcony downstairs - No Drugs - I know that for some Amsterdam     can be quite alluring and I don't want to get in the way of   your 'enlightenment' as I am openminded but I sure do not want to be responsible for your mental health in any case.      So if you feel like doing anything that's fine by me, just  come home in a normal state of mind so it won't bother my neighbors or I need to worry about you jumping out of windows (which some tourists actually occasionally do when encountering the delights of Amsterdam) - No parties in my house- there's is plenty of places to  party in Amsterdam consequently NO LOUD MUSIC - No third party guests- for security and insurance reasons:     do not bring third party guests in my home. - If you loose the keys it will cost 30 euro's reimbursement to make a new set of keys. They are serial keys that need a certificate to remake. - If you break something you tell me so we ca"
