"Nice, small cosy house situated in Amsterdam Noord with a fast bus service to Central Station or Waterlooplein. The house is ideal for couples who like a quite neighborhood. Restaurants and 3 shopping centers nearby, bakery at end of the street.","Semi detached house, 2 levels. Downstairs open kitchen and living.  I created one bedroom and other room could be used for hobbies. Attick is closed.","Nice, small cosy house situated in Amsterdam Noord with a fast bus service to Central Station or Waterlooplein. The house is ideal for couples who like a quite neighborhood. Restaurants and 3 shopping centers nearby, bakery at end of the street. Semi detached house, 2 levels. Downstairs open kitchen and living.  I created one bedroom and other room could be used for hobbies. Attick is closed. The house has kitchen, dishwasher, fridge, mini washing machine, oven, tv, wifi, living, master bedroom with dvd, bathroom with toilet (not easily accessible for disabled people) and extra room, attick is not accessible. Fenced private garden south side which is sunny, with seats and sun beds, 2 bikes available. Whenever you have questions you can reach me. I can tell you many stories about the neighborhood or help you out when you would like to see something. The house is situated in a Monumental area, developed in 1920s by architect Boterenbrood. It is a well known area, quite but very near the ","The house is situated in a Monumental area, developed in 1920s by architect Boterenbrood. It is a well known area, quite but very near the city. Amsterdam Noord is upcoming with restaurants and cafe's. A 10 minute walk brings you outside the city to rural places, golf resort, hospital nearby, 3 shopping areas, free parking. My favorite place is Cafe t Sluisje, picturesque place to have an afternoon drink or evening wine. The area is called Tuindorp Nieuwendam which means Garden Village Nieuwendam, a very green neighborhood. It has the best of both: city and rural.",Bus 32 brings you in less than 15 minutes to Central Station. The bus stop only takes you a few minutes to walk. Or take the bike and the ferry to the city in half an hour. Free parking in this neighborhood and easily accessible from the ring road by car.,"The house is old, 1923, not for noisy people. The neighbours are elderly people and young families. Everybody knows each other.  You can smoke in the garden. Please keep the house clean."
