"Stylish studio with exposed brick wall, sauna, and a balcony in Oud West. If you're looking for a place with just that little bit extra, then this studio is probably for you. Enjoy the view to the foodhallen!","This modern studio is composed of the bedroom, an office space and a bathroom with toilet, sauna and shower, all for private guests use, with a wealth of a cozy space and natural light.  The sauna is the little extra to ultimately relax during your stay.  It is a private room in my home, so we share the door entrance, but you can close your room via a sliding door. I live one floor above from the studio. so the guests have private use of the 1st floor.  There is a laundry area just outside the room which guests are welcome to use too, although this is shared. Please not that there is no kitchen available for the guests use. It is strictly forbidden to smoke in the apartment and this includes the balconies so just a warning for smokers:)","Stylish studio with exposed brick wall, sauna, and a balcony in Oud West. If you're looking for a place with just that little bit extra, then this studio is probably for you. Enjoy the view to the foodhallen! This modern studio is composed of the bedroom, an office space and a bathroom with toilet, sauna and shower, all for private guests use, with a wealth of a cozy space and natural light.  The sauna is the little extra to ultimately relax during your stay.  It is a private room in my home, so we share the door entrance, but you can close your room via a sliding door. I live one floor above from the studio. so the guests have private use of the 1st floor.  There is a laundry area just outside the room which guests are welcome to use too, although this is shared. Please not that there is no kitchen available for the guests use. It is strictly forbidden to smoke in the apartment and this includes the balconies so just a warning for smokers:) Bed linen, towels and toiletries (Shampoo, s","Our place is located near ""De Hallen"" the new culinary and cultural mecca of Amsterdam. Ten Katemarkt, a bustling street market with 100+ stands selling fresh produce, flowers, plants, fabric, shoes and more is located a block away from the apartment","Several major tram lines have a stop within 5 minutes walk from the apartment: 3,7,12,13,14,17 giving you access to all parts of the city. Nearby stops include ""Bilderdijkstraat' , ""Ten katenstraat', ""Kinkerstraat"" and ""Willen de Zwijgerlaan"" Several bicycle rental places are located within 2 minutes walk from the apartment. Most of the major sights of the city. i.e.: Museumplein, Leidseplein, Dam Square, are located within 25 minutes walking distance or 5-7 minutes bike ride from the apartment.","• Check-in time is flexible (Preferably after 4 PM but can be discussed) • No parties or events • Not suitable for pets • No smoking Smoking is strictly prohibited inside the apartment, guest is expected by all means to ensure there is no smell of smoke in the apartment at their check out. If smoking during your stay is suspected we are forced to make a claim of your full deposit. Kindly ask you also to respect the neighbors."
