"A cosy apartment at a great location in Amsterdam.  140 square meters, a 5 minute walk to any well known site in Amsterdam like Rijksmuseum, van Goghmuseum, Vondelpark, City centre, Casino, etc  All you need for a fantastic stay!","Main characteristics of the apartment are:  - Centrally located.  - bathroom (2 sinks, a bath/shower and toilet)  - spacious living room with open kitchen  - Private patio (20m2) to dine outside or have your  morning coffee.  - Free wifi and cable tv  - all appliances one needs are in the house","A cosy apartment at a great location in Amsterdam.  140 square meters, a 5 minute walk to any well known site in Amsterdam like Rijksmuseum, van Goghmuseum, Vondelpark, City centre, Casino, etc  All you need for a fantastic stay! Main characteristics of the apartment are:  - Centrally located.  - bathroom (2 sinks, a bath/shower and toilet)  - spacious living room with open kitchen  - Private patio (20m2) to dine outside or have your  morning coffee.  - Free wifi and cable tv  - all appliances one needs are in the house You will have your own bedroom as in the picture. We will share the bathroom and kitchen.  You are welcome to relax in the livingroom or in the patio. Since I am quite busy with work I will not serve breakfast but there are some great places around that I will show you. Cosy apartment located as central as can be.  It is only a short ride with the tram from the Central Station and is situated just around the corner of several hotspots like the world famous 'Museum squar","Cosy apartment located as central as can be.  It is only a short ride with the tram from the Central Station and is situated just around the corner of several hotspots like the world famous 'Museum square' with the RIJKSMUSEUM, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum. They are only a 5 minute walk away from the apartment. As well as the nightlife centre 'Leidseplein' ,Cinema`s, Heineken Corner and Holland Casino. The famous Vondelpark to have a peaceful afternoon is also only a walk away.  various restaurants of any kitchen.  bicycle rent, the best way to explore Amsterdam ",public transportation all over,Smoking only in the patio
