"This fully equipped 1-bedroom apartment has been completely renovated April 2014. It is located in the Oud Zuid region of Amsterdam, close to the vondelpark and museum square - perfect for a weekend getaway!","This beautiful and comfortable 1-bedroom apartment has been completely renovated April 2014. It is located in the Oud Zuid region of Amsterdam, close to the vondelpark and museum square - perfect for a weekend getaway!  This newly renovated apartment is small but stylish and comfortable. The brand new furniture, the fully equipped kitchen, and the spacious bathroom make it the perfect place for a weekend getaway in Amsterdam. There's a balcony facing the south - perfect for enjoying a glass of wine in the afternoon, although there are also many bars and parks around that lend themselves for enjoying an afternoon in the sun.  Guests enjoy full access to my apartment.  When guests stay in my apartment I won't be there. However, I  can easily be reached during their stay should guests have any questions.  The apartment is located in a quiet but centrally located neighborhood. Within walking distance numerous wonderful bars and restaurants can be found and the Vondelpark and Museum Square ","This fully equipped 1-bedroom apartment has been completely renovated April 2014. It is located in the Oud Zuid region of Amsterdam, close to the vondelpark and museum square - perfect for a weekend getaway! This beautiful and comfortable 1-bedroom apartment has been completely renovated April 2014. It is located in the Oud Zuid region of Amsterdam, close to the vondelpark and museum square - perfect for a weekend getaway!  This newly renovated apartment is small but stylish and comfortable. The brand new furniture, the fully equipped kitchen, and the spacious bathroom make it the perfect place for a weekend getaway in Amsterdam. There's a balcony facing the south - perfect for enjoying a glass of wine in the afternoon, although there are also many bars and parks around that lend themselves for enjoying an afternoon in the sun.  Guests enjoy full access to my apartment.  When guests stay in my apartment I won't be there. However, I  can easily be reached during their stay should guests",The apartment is located in a quiet but centrally located neighborhood. Within walking distance numerous wonderful bars and restaurants can be found and the Vondelpark and Museum Square are just a short walk away. Moreover there are many bus and tram stops within minutes from my apartment.,"All parts of Amsterdam can be easily accessed through public transportation (buses, trams, subway) and the apartment can easily be reached from the airport and main train stations.",I expect guests to treat my apartment with respect. Smoking is not allowed and neither are pets.  This is not a good place to stay for guests hoping to explore the city's coffeeshops and party scene.
