"This cosy apartment with wooden floor is situated in a 16th century monumental Amsterdam canal house. Located in the heart of Amsterdam on the Singel, with a spectacular view. It's a private appartment with a bathroom, kitchen, living area & bedroom.","A warm and cosy private apartment, situated on the second floor with a seperate bedroom and bathroom. Everything you need for a relaxed stay in Amsterdam is available at your fingertips. Perfect for couples but also for friends wanting to enjoy a memorable stay in this lovely city.  A private apartment with seperate bedroom and living area, nothing needs to be shared. Acces to very fast internet & wi-fi.  - Located in the heart of Amsterdam, it has an amazing view on the canal and everything is walking distance away from the apartment.  It's footsteps away from tourist spots like the Anne Frank Museum, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Rembrandtplan, Leidseplein, Dam Square and many others.  Places I can personally recommend (walking distance) are the Vondelpark, Begijnhof, Hortus Botanicus and the '9 straatjes' (a nice spot with lots of cool shops, situated around the corner). Just walking around the Jordaan, one of the best parts of the city, and getting lost is also a good way of findin","This cosy apartment with wooden floor is situated in a 16th century monumental Amsterdam canal house. Located in the heart of Amsterdam on the Singel, with a spectacular view. It's a private appartment with a bathroom, kitchen, living area & bedroom. A warm and cosy private apartment, situated on the second floor with a seperate bedroom and bathroom. Everything you need for a relaxed stay in Amsterdam is available at your fingertips. Perfect for couples but also for friends wanting to enjoy a memorable stay in this lovely city.  A private apartment with seperate bedroom and living area, nothing needs to be shared. Acces to very fast internet & wi-fi.  - Located in the heart of Amsterdam, it has an amazing view on the canal and everything is walking distance away from the apartment.  It's footsteps away from tourist spots like the Anne Frank Museum, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Rembrandtplan, Leidseplein, Dam Square and many others.  Places I can personally recommend (walking distance)","Located in the heart of Amsterdam, it has an amazing view on the canal and everything is walking distance away from the apartment.  It's footsteps away from tourist spots like the Anne Frank Museum, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Rembrandtplan, Leidseplein, Dam Square and many others.  Places I can personally recommend (walking distance) are the Vondelpark, Begijnhof, Hortus Botanicus and the '9 straatjes' (a nice spot with lots of cool shops, situated around the corner). Just walking around the Jordaan, one of the best parts of the city, and getting lost is also a good way of finding many amazing restaurants and beautfiul little charming places that are characteristic of Amsterdam.","With a tram stop literally in front of the house, it's connected to every area of Amsterdam you might enjoy. It's a 10 minute walk from Central Station, but it's also less than 4 tram stops away so if you have a lot of luggage taking the tram might be a better option.","I don't expect a lot besides for you to enjoy the place and the beauty of the city. The only thing I expect is for you to respect the place like you would your own, just as how I would like you to feel: at home!"
