Cosy and comfortable apartment in a safe and green neighborhood with a great view. It's very well located in an upcoming part of Amsterdam. Very close to public transport and you have access to a private balcony on the south (all day sun!).,"The apartment offers you: - The apartment is on the 3rd floor. There is no elevator present - Free WiFi - 1 bicycle - Living room with a sofa, dining table and TV - Separate bedroom with a double bed - Sleeping couch for 1 person - Clean sheets and towels - Bathroom with a toilet, shower and washing machine   - Fully filled kitchen with gas stove, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and basic cooking equipment - Free parking ","Cosy and comfortable apartment in a safe and green neighborhood with a great view. It's very well located in an upcoming part of Amsterdam. Very close to public transport and you have access to a private balcony on the south (all day sun!). The apartment offers you: - The apartment is on the 3rd floor. There is no elevator present - Free WiFi - 1 bicycle - Living room with a sofa, dining table and TV - Separate bedroom with a double bed - Sleeping couch for 1 person - Clean sheets and towels - Bathroom with a toilet, shower and washing machine   - Fully filled kitchen with gas stove, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and basic cooking equipment - Free parking  The apartment is located in Amsterdam Noord. It is a very quiet neighbourhood. It's a perfect location if you want to escape from the crowd of the centre. By bike it's ten minutes to the city centre.  The free ferry (24/7) takes you to the city centre in less than two minutes. The public transport is great too, by bus it's also","The apartment is located in Amsterdam Noord. It is a very quiet neighbourhood. It's a perfect location if you want to escape from the crowd of the centre. By bike it's ten minutes to the city centre.  The free ferry (24/7) takes you to the city centre in less than two minutes. The public transport is great too, by bus it's also just ten minutes. You can take bus 34, one minute walking distance from the apartment. There is also a night bus leaving at the same bus station. ",,No smoking inside. There is a balcony where you can smoke. And I don't allow pets.
