,"Appartment for two persons in the highly popular area De Pijp, extremely suited for a couple of days in Amsterdam. The area has everything one needs and on spitting distance, Turkish supermarket on one corner, a regular Albert Heijn on the other. Loads of coffeebars and excellent (even Michelin star) restaurants. The Surinamese restaurants are highly recommended because of the great low price/good quality food and there are loads of them. The apartment (which is my home) has reasonably sized living room with doors to the south looking balcony, a small bedroom, a small bathroom with shower and toilet, and a reasonably sized kitchen (without microwave) with a door to the balcony as well. Tram #4 (which heads to either Central Station or Train Station RAI) is a two minute walk and the edge of centre of town is a ten minute walk. There is a minimum of four nights required if one wants to make a reservation. This is a non smoking apartment and building and it also disallowed on the balcony.","Appartment for two persons in the highly popular area De Pijp, extremely suited for a couple of days in Amsterdam. The area has everything one needs and on spitting distance, Turkish supermarket on one corner, a regular Albert Heijn on the other. Loads of coffeebars and excellent (even Michelin star) restaurants. The Surinamese restaurants are highly recommended because of the great low price/good quality food and there are loads of them. The apartment (which is my home) has reasonably sized living room with doors to the south looking balcony, a small bedroom, a small bathroom with shower and toilet, and a reasonably sized kitchen (without microwave) with a door to the balcony as well. Tram #4 (which heads to either Central Station or Train Station RAI) is a two minute walk and the edge of centre of town is a ten minute walk. There is a minimum of four nights required if one wants to make a reservation. This is a non smoking apartment and building and it also disallowed on the balcony.",,,This is an apartment building with small children. There is a house rule that says that one cannot make loud noises or music after ten pm (22.00 hrs). And no smoking in the house and the staircase/landing.
