,"This is the 3rd floor of my house. You go through my house to access it. The floor is only used by you and no one else. There is no separate door to the apartment. Clijsen Residence Short - Stay Apartments is centrally located in the heart of the world famous canal area of Amsterdam. This canal area has just recently been added to the UNESCO world heritage list.  Cosy apartment on the 3rd floor at the garden-side of the Keizersgracht, up to 4 people.The apartment has two rooms: Room 1 has a double and a single bed  Room 2 has a double bed. The 17th century merchant house has  2 apartments overlooking the 'Keizersgracht' and one apartment at the garden-side The location is in the center of Amsterdam and you can walk to every interesting place you want to visit, like theaters, museums shops, parks etc. Very nearby is also a tram-station, three lines bring you everywhere in town. We prefer for our guests to book a minimal stay of three days. Please note latest check in is 21:00 - after th","This is the 3rd floor of my house. You go through my house to access it. The floor is only used by you and no one else. There is no separate door to the apartment. Clijsen Residence Short - Stay Apartments is centrally located in the heart of the world famous canal area of Amsterdam. This canal area has just recently been added to the UNESCO world heritage list.  Cosy apartment on the 3rd floor at the garden-side of the Keizersgracht, up to 4 people.The apartment has two rooms: Room 1 has a double and a single bed  Room 2 has a double bed. The 17th century merchant house has  2 apartments overlooking the 'Keizersgracht' and one apartment at the garden-side The location is in the center of Amsterdam and you can walk to every interesting place you want to visit, like theaters, museums shops, parks etc. Very nearby is also a tram-station, three lines bring you everywhere in town. We prefer for our guests to book a minimal stay of three days. Please note latest check in is 21:00 - after th",,,There are other apartments in the building so please respect the other people staying here especially with regards to noise levels. No smoking inside.
