"Situated in a wonderfully calm local neighborhood, yet surprisingly close to all the interesting places in Amsterdam, our cosy, comfortable house it at your full disposal with all its conveniences. A perfect basis for exploring our beautiful city!","In the up-and-coming neigbourhood ""The Baarsjes"", at 10 minutes from the center of Amsterdam, you will find our beautiful cozy apartment in a wonderfully quiet street. Inside it is nicely decorated and all conveniences are at your disposal: a fully equipped kitchen with gas stove, oven, large fridge, microwave and dishwasher, a beautiful wooden dinner table, and a washing machine; a small but convenient bathroom with a large ""rain shower"", sink and toilet; two bedrooms, one with a large and very comfortable double bed, and one with a comfortable single bed. A fourth guest can sleep on the couch in our spacious living room, where you will also find the radio. There is also a small balcony, where you can sit in the sun in the evening. Wireless internet is available throughout the house at no extra cost. Our neighborhood was built under the famous ""Amsterdamse School"" architecture which is a guarantee for a very nice atmosphere where you will feel instantly at home. All necessary convenie","Situated in a wonderfully calm local neighborhood, yet surprisingly close to all the interesting places in Amsterdam, our cosy, comfortable house it at your full disposal with all its conveniences. A perfect basis for exploring our beautiful city! In the up-and-coming neigbourhood ""The Baarsjes"", at 10 minutes from the center of Amsterdam, you will find our beautiful cozy apartment in a wonderfully quiet street. Inside it is nicely decorated and all conveniences are at your disposal: a fully equipped kitchen with gas stove, oven, large fridge, microwave and dishwasher, a beautiful wooden dinner table, and a washing machine; a small but convenient bathroom with a large ""rain shower"", sink and toilet; two bedrooms, one with a large and very comfortable double bed, and one with a comfortable single bed. A fourth guest can sleep on the couch in our spacious living room, where you will also find the radio. There is also a small balcony, where you can sit in the sun in the evening. Wireless ",,"Getting around is no problem at all. By far the most interesting way to get around is by bicycle. You can rent bicycles around the corner for a good price. But getting around by public transport is also very easy, and even walking is an option. Time to get to the city centre: Bicycle: 10 minutes; Tram: 15 minutes; Walking: 25 minutes.","Rule number one is that you should treat our house as if it were your own, and we really hope that you will feel at home. For example, you are free to use all ingredients and such that you can find in our kitchen. Rule number two is to do whatever you like to have a good time in Amsterdam. That is the most important thing! Just some points we ask you to keep in mind: Our neighbors appreciate if you don't make any loud noise between 22:00h - 9:00. Please do not sit on the balcony in this period, since the neighbors are very close, and especially in summer everyone sleeps with their windows open. Please do not invite any non-paying guests in our house. If you wish to meet others we suggest you meet in one of the lovely cafes or restaurants that are nearby - or in the park! Smoking is possible outside on the balcony. Please don't smoke in the house. Well, just generally please be a bit thoughtful of our neighbours - but that goes without saying :) Finally, please leave the house in reason"
