"Your own apartment in a quiet area of Amsterdam, some 10 minutes from the city centre by tram. Shops, daily market, bars and restaurants close by.","Located near Vondelpark, this apartment is best used as a quiet retreat, after spending a long day walking along the Amsterdam canals. A cosy and clean home away from home. It's best suited for a couple, but there is space for one extra person on the couch.  The apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet street.  WIFI, STEREO Of course there is fast internet available (WIFI) and a laptop computer, a stereo installation to connect your own mp3-player and television (cable). BALCONY IN GREEN OASIS The bedroom and the kitchen have doors to the balcony, where you will find a sea of tranquility, an old chestnut tree looking out on you.  PLUS - Towels and linen provided - Hair dryer and ironing  - Laptop computer for your use - Umbrella - Kitchen equipment, herbs & spices - Cable television 15 min to CENTRE Tram 1 and 17 take you to the centre of Amsterdam in 15 minutes.  SHOPS, BARS, RESTAURANTS Supermarket, popular bar/restaurant and shops 5 minutes walk. Daily market 10 minutes wa","Your own apartment in a quiet area of Amsterdam, some 10 minutes from the city centre by tram. Shops, daily market, bars and restaurants close by. Located near Vondelpark, this apartment is best used as a quiet retreat, after spending a long day walking along the Amsterdam canals. A cosy and clean home away from home. It's best suited for a couple, but there is space for one extra person on the couch.  The apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet street.  WIFI, STEREO Of course there is fast internet available (WIFI) and a laptop computer, a stereo installation to connect your own mp3-player and television (cable). BALCONY IN GREEN OASIS The bedroom and the kitchen have doors to the balcony, where you will find a sea of tranquility, an old chestnut tree looking out on you.  PLUS - Towels and linen provided - Hair dryer and ironing  - Laptop computer for your use - Umbrella - Kitchen equipment, herbs & spices - Cable television 15 min to CENTRE Tram 1 and 17 take you to the ce","The apartment is located near Kinkerstraat, a shopping street in Amsterdam neighbourhood Oud-West. To the east is the Vondelpark.  There are many shops in Kinkerstraat, from fashion to the Dutch HEMA and  the Ten Kate Markt, a typical Amsterdam neighbourhood street market, mostly for food. The Hallen is a great new area located in a transformed former tram warehouse, with a food court, restaurants, library, boutiques and a cinema. Supermarkets (Albert Heijn, Jumbo, Lidl) only 5-10 minutes walking distance from the apartment.","There are 2 trams that take you the centre of the city within 15 minutes. Walking takes about 20-30 minutes to Leidseplein/Museum Square. From Amsterdam Schiphol airport, it's only 7 minutes by train to station Lelylaan. From there it's only 3 tramstops + 5 minute walk to the house.  You can walk to the Museum Square to find the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk (modern art) by crossing the nearby Vondelpark, a wonderful city park. The walk is around 30 minutes. Bike rental also multiple options nearby.",No pets. No parties.
