1b appartment with living room in the Southern area of Amsterdam. Located 10m walking distance from a shopping area and only 5m walking distance from public transport which will bring you to the center in 20min 24 hours a day. People who want to enjoy Amsterdam and looking for a nice place to sleep private and take a little time for themselves just outside the bustle of the city but very accessible.  You are more than welcome. The price is extra low because im moving out.,"cozy apartment 40m2 with bedroom and livingroom and bar. Perfect for singles, couples, business people and students. max 2 people in bedroom sharing same bed.","1b appartment with living room in the Southern area of Amsterdam. Located 10m walking distance from a shopping area and only 5m walking distance from public transport which will bring you to the center in 20min 24 hours a day. People who want to enjoy Amsterdam and looking for a nice place to sleep private and take a little time for themselves just outside the bustle of the city but very accessible.  You are more than welcome. The price is extra low because im moving out. cozy apartment 40m2 with bedroom and livingroom and bar. Perfect for singles, couples, business people and students. max 2 people in bedroom sharing same bed. Living room, Kitchen, Bathroom, Shower, Toilet, Bedroom, Balcony, Closet,  Washer, Dryer You are home Alone. My house is your house Quiet neighborhood yet close to the center. Near the forest and the AmstelPark amsterdam for a relaxing walk or a hike active. Spa and fitness centers around the corner. Kosher restaurant and shops are all in the area. Station zuid:",Quiet neighborhood yet close to the center. Near the forest and the AmstelPark amsterdam for a relaxing walk or a hike active. Spa and fitness centers around the corner. Kosher restaurant and shops are all in the area.,Station zuid: 5 Min by tram or bus 7 with bike Station Rai: 5 Min by bus 7 by tram. 8 with bike Metro 51 and 5: 2 min walk Busstation: 1 minute,Feel Home
