"Relax in this intimate room with Dutch antique furnishings. This room has a double bed, eating area, with a gorgeous en-suite bathroom.   The room also has a white noise machine that helps you to sleep relaxed at anytime! Breakfast is not included in the price (€7,50 extra pp).","The Cottage Room Relax in this intimate room with Dutch antique  furnishings. This room has a double bed, eating area, with a gorgeous en-suite bathroom.   Also there is a ""white-noise"" machine in the room to ensure restful sleep""at anytime!   This room has no access to the garden. Ammenities include: -white noise machine -water cooker -fridge -TV -internet -en suite bathroom with toilet, sink, and shower  BB IJ is situated in the center of Amsterdam along the outer Singel canal. It is a dream location for tourists and businesspersons alike. BB IJ's garden lies along the water, which was the original IJ waterfront to the city.  Just across the canal from the garden, is the only surviving Windmill de Gooyer in the center of Amsterdam which is also a famous brewery ( Brouwerij 't IJ,)","Relax in this intimate room with Dutch antique furnishings. This room has a double bed, eating area, with a gorgeous en-suite bathroom.   The room also has a white noise machine that helps you to sleep relaxed at anytime! Breakfast is not included in the price (€7,50 extra pp). The Cottage Room Relax in this intimate room with Dutch antique  furnishings. This room has a double bed, eating area, with a gorgeous en-suite bathroom.   Also there is a ""white-noise"" machine in the room to ensure restful sleep""at anytime!   This room has no access to the garden. Ammenities include: -white noise machine -water cooker -fridge -TV -internet -en suite bathroom with toilet, sink, and shower  BB IJ is situated in the center of Amsterdam along the outer Singel canal. It is a dream location for tourists and businesspersons alike. BB IJ's garden lies along the water, which was the original IJ waterfront to the city.  Just across the canal from the garden, is the only surviving Windmill de Gooyer in th",The Cottage room is located in the vibrant fun friendly touristy trendy Amsterdam Oost!  It is very international and one of the best locations in Amsterdam!,"Trams, buses, trains, and bike rental are  just seconds to minutes away!!!",
