This is your chance to stay in the very heart of Amsterdam’s bustling Red Light District and also enjoy the peace of our tranquil 17th century loft and private courtyard garden. Come and enjoy the best Amsterdam has to offer right at your doorstep. ,"You are more then welcome to stay in our very romantic 17th century loft, located in the very heart of Amsterdam and also the oldest part of the city. Experience the golden age of historic Amsterdam and sleep in our romantic old spice warehouse. Just a few minutes by foot from Amsterdam Central Station, our apartment is close to all the famous museums, The Dam Square and Royal Palace, several theatres, cinemas, China town and find numerous fine restaurants serving food from every corner of the world. This is your chance to stay in the very heart of Amsterdam’s bustling Red Light District while at the same time you’re able to enjoy the peace and quietness of our tranquil courtyard garden, that is located in a secret, quiet garden in between two romantic canals. Our unique canal house is an authentic-old-style-Amsterdam-loft, hidden in a tranquil courtyard garden. Come and enjoy the best Amsterdam has to offer right at your doorstep.  Spacious loft Built in 1604 our unique canal house or","This is your chance to stay in the very heart of Amsterdam’s bustling Red Light District and also enjoy the peace of our tranquil 17th century loft and private courtyard garden. Come and enjoy the best Amsterdam has to offer right at your doorstep.  You are more then welcome to stay in our very romantic 17th century loft, located in the very heart of Amsterdam and also the oldest part of the city. Experience the golden age of historic Amsterdam and sleep in our romantic old spice warehouse. Just a few minutes by foot from Amsterdam Central Station, our apartment is close to all the famous museums, The Dam Square and Royal Palace, several theatres, cinemas, China town and find numerous fine restaurants serving food from every corner of the world. This is your chance to stay in the very heart of Amsterdam’s bustling Red Light District while at the same time you’re able to enjoy the peace and quietness of our tranquil courtyard garden, that is located in a secret, quiet garden in between ","Our apartment is surrounded by the hotspots of downtown Amsterdam, though unique located in a quiet and romantic garden, right in the centre of the famous Red Light district.  Just around the corner there are numerous bars, restaurants and of course also some coffee shops if you’re up to a smoke. For the shopaholics this place is the best, because all the unique and exclusive shops, like the Nine Streets shopping area, are just a stone's throw away. There you will find unique shops, the best little breakfast en dinning spots and a wide diversity of art galleries. ","All of the main attractions are within walking distance from your airbnb hotspot, including many museums like The Van Gogh, The Rijksmuseum and The Stedelijk Museum.  In just a 5 minutes walk you’ll reach Dam-square, Waterloo-square or Rembrandt-square(nightlife), another 5 minutes on foot will take you to the central station from where trains leave to the airport every 10 minutes. To travel around the city you will find a metro-station and a tramstop on the corner of the street.  From Amsterdam Central Station you can take trams, subways, buses, a taxi and trains to almost anywhere in Amsterdam and the Netherlands.","Stay with us at our lovely 17th century courtyard loft and Experience the vibrant city live of Amsterdam at your doorstep, but always come home in the tranquillity of our lovely and amazingly quit garden. Our home is an old and historic buildig and is totally renovated, we would kindly request all our guest not to smoke inside our house, but use the garden for a smoke. Smoking inside is prohibited because of fire regulations."
