"Stay in Amsterdam Oud West on a cozy houseboat with sunny (if there is sun in Holland ;) private terrace, overlooking the water, many boats that pass, waterfowl and walk (2 minutes) to the Vondelpark or visit the daily Ten Kate market.","Stay in Amsterdam on a cozy houseboat with sunny (if there is sun in Holland ;) private terrace, overlooking the water, many boats that pass, waterfowl and walk (2 minutes) to the Vondelpark or visit the daily Ten Kate market.  The boat is located in the middle of Oud West; an inspiring, very beautiful and lively neighborhood.  On the JP Heijestraat you will find many shops that can sweeten your stay on the houseboat: supermarkets, restaurants with food from all over the world, vintage shops, several bars and even a nightshop. Do not forget to take a look in 'de Hallen': former market halls are now a wonderful cinema (12 rooms!) with a great food court. From the houseboat you direct access to the always lively Leidseplein (a 10-minute walk): you'll find a lot of restaurants, cafés, bars, and not to be missed: the 'Stadsschouwburg'.  There are also situated 2 large, world-famous music temples: the 'Melkweg' and 'Paradiso' have a daily extensive concert and theater programming. The Museu","Stay in Amsterdam Oud West on a cozy houseboat with sunny (if there is sun in Holland ;) private terrace, overlooking the water, many boats that pass, waterfowl and walk (2 minutes) to the Vondelpark or visit the daily Ten Kate market. Stay in Amsterdam on a cozy houseboat with sunny (if there is sun in Holland ;) private terrace, overlooking the water, many boats that pass, waterfowl and walk (2 minutes) to the Vondelpark or visit the daily Ten Kate market.  The boat is located in the middle of Oud West; an inspiring, very beautiful and lively neighborhood.  On the JP Heijestraat you will find many shops that can sweeten your stay on the houseboat: supermarkets, restaurants with food from all over the world, vintage shops, several bars and even a nightshop. Do not forget to take a look in 'de Hallen': former market halls are now a wonderful cinema (12 rooms!) with a great food court. From the houseboat you direct access to the always lively Leidseplein (a 10-minute walk): you'll find ",,,"1) Non smoking. 2) About using the toilet of my boat:  Besides normal use of toiletpaper...please, don't put anything else in the toilet as what you've been eating/drinking before. Otherwise you will destroy the sewerage pump. 3) Last but no least: keep my neighbours in mind if you are using the terrace outside. The water from the canal carries your voices very far, so please do not disturb my neighbours with music and loud conversations. Keep the peaceful atmosphere!"
