Nice comfortable 50m2 apartment in the beautiful west part of Amsterdam (Baarsjes) with a balcony on the south/west. The place is fully furnished and will be most suitable for a couple. ,"In the front of the apartment there’s a big light living room with a large dining table, a lounge couch and a big TV. The separate toilet and shower are connected to a small hallway witch runs thru the middle of the apartment. In the back of the house you will find a nice bedroom with doors opening to the sunny balcony. Also in the back there’s a recently placed new kitchen with everything you need to cook. All furniture is brand new and there’s a small closet for clothes with clean sheets and towels. The Baarsjes  is one of Amsterdam’s upcoming neighborhoods in lively West. The apartment is located next to the Mercatorplein in between three parks (vondel/rembrant/wester). On either side you will find a nice shopping street, the Jan Evertsen Sraat and the Postjesweg/Kinkenstraat. The Baarsjes is the place were people who live in Amsterdam go out. A bike is the best way to explore this not so touristic part of Amsterdam, trams to the center go every 10min. Amsterdam West is packed with ","Nice comfortable 50m2 apartment in the beautiful west part of Amsterdam (Baarsjes) with a balcony on the south/west. The place is fully furnished and will be most suitable for a couple.  In the front of the apartment there’s a big light living room with a large dining table, a lounge couch and a big TV. The separate toilet and shower are connected to a small hallway witch runs thru the middle of the apartment. In the back of the house you will find a nice bedroom with doors opening to the sunny balcony. Also in the back there’s a recently placed new kitchen with everything you need to cook. All furniture is brand new and there’s a small closet for clothes with clean sheets and towels. The Baarsjes  is one of Amsterdam’s upcoming neighborhoods in lively West. The apartment is located next to the Mercatorplein in between three parks (vondel/rembrant/wester). On either side you will find a nice shopping street, the Jan Evertsen Sraat and the Postjesweg/Kinkenstraat. The Baarsjes is the pl",,Bus 18 or Tram 17 wil bring you to the city center within 10 minutes ,
