"Perfect stay for 2! Recently renovated apartment on 3rd floor. Livingroom, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom with double bed. Luminous space and great location, walking distance from lively Jordaan, Westerpark & city centre (20 min central station).","Nice, cozy and bright apartment which is recently renovated (new kitchen and bathroom) and therefore has all the luxury and comfort you need during your stay in Amsterdam. It's a home away from home, or 'gezellig' as the Dutch would say.","Perfect stay for 2! Recently renovated apartment on 3rd floor. Livingroom, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom with double bed. Luminous space and great location, walking distance from lively Jordaan, Westerpark & city centre (20 min central station). Nice, cozy and bright apartment which is recently renovated (new kitchen and bathroom) and therefore has all the luxury and comfort you need during your stay in Amsterdam. It's a home away from home, or 'gezellig' as the Dutch would say. It's up and coming! The park is our back yard and some nice restaurants and bars have opened in the neighborhood. It's on the border of the lively and most beautiful area of Amsterdam: the Jordaan, but also close to the water which you can cross by ferry to get to hip and trendy Amsterdam Noord. Bus 18 or 21 (stop at Haarlemmerplein), bus 22 (stop at Nassauplein), bus 48 (stop at Houtmankade) & tram 3 (stop Haarlemmerplein) and 10 (stop de Wittenkade).","It's up and coming! The park is our back yard and some nice restaurants and bars have opened in the neighborhood. It's on the border of the lively and most beautiful area of Amsterdam: the Jordaan, but also close to the water which you can cross by ferry to get to hip and trendy Amsterdam Noord.","Bus 18 or 21 (stop at Haarlemmerplein), bus 22 (stop at Nassauplein), bus 48 (stop at Houtmankade) & tram 3 (stop Haarlemmerplein) and 10 (stop de Wittenkade).","We expect guests to behave like they would like people to behave in their houses... No pets, no smoking inside."
