"Stunning (60m2) 2-bedroom apartment on a quiet canal near city centre.10min walk to landmarks (Westerkerk, Dam square) & Tram stop 50 meters away.Modern take with traditional Dutch finishes incl. 2 balconies with lovely garden & canal views. A must for 2xCouples and Families visiting.","60m2 in Amsterdam centre is a must, including 2 balconies with quiet garden and lovely canal views. Live and use what we have and enjoy your time in Amsterdam. Large double bedroom and 2nd room with queen bed. A feeling of comfort and style instead of small rooms in hotels and tiny apartments, makes this a must for couplesx2, families and even triples who want more space that usual.","Stunning (60m2) 2-bedroom apartment on a quiet canal near city centre.10min walk to landmarks (Westerkerk, Dam square) & Tram stop 50 meters away.Modern take with traditional Dutch finishes incl. 2 balconies with lovely garden & canal views. A must for 2xCouples and Families visiting. 60m2 in Amsterdam centre is a must, including 2 balconies with quiet garden and lovely canal views. Live and use what we have and enjoy your time in Amsterdam. Large double bedroom and 2nd room with queen bed. A feeling of comfort and style instead of small rooms in hotels and tiny apartments, makes this a must for couplesx2, families and even triples who want more space that usual. Guests have access to Cable TV, kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, microwave. Feel free to use the balconies overlooking the garden and canal (please use outside spaces for smoking). Anything else, is only a phone call away. Guest will have my mobile number and email address so easy to get hold of me for advise information and g","Quaint area on the edge of the busy streets of Amsterdam near De hallen, best pizza and great bars like WaterKant. Local amenities and many other boutique shops start from 50 meters away from the apartment. A Straight road (Rozengracht) with tram connects to all the sites of Amsterdam, making it so easy to learn your way around, and get home safely.","On the edge of the Jordaan area, you will be easy walking distance (seriously) to a number of landmarks around 1,5km to central station, landmarks such as Palace/Dam square, Westerkerk(Anne Frank museum), Nine Streets area, Red light district and more all within a slow 15min walk. Tram stop 50 meters away with access to the west, east, Central station, Amstel station (max 15mins by tram to furthest destination). Trams include (phone number hidden).","no real rules, except live like you would in your own place, and have fun. In the case that you break something, replace it, no problems at all. Only main rule is NO smoking inside, and enjoy!!"
