"Ground floor apartment with a small garden in a quiet street in the heart of the bustling Pijp area! The Albert Cuyp Market, Museum Square, Heinekenplein and Sarphatipark are on walking distance!","Want to stay in the nicest neighbourhood in Amsterdam? The house is located on the ground floor and has its own entrance. It has three rooms; a living room, two (bed) rooms and a bathroom with bath and shower, a kitchen equipped with everything you need, lots of books, a large dining table, quiet bedroom ( 1.60m bed ), kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge) and a small garden. Facilities : Internet, clean sheets and towels on arrival. It is a non - smoking apartment.","Ground floor apartment with a small garden in a quiet street in the heart of the bustling Pijp area! The Albert Cuyp Market, Museum Square, Heinekenplein and Sarphatipark are on walking distance! Want to stay in the nicest neighbourhood in Amsterdam? The house is located on the ground floor and has its own entrance. It has three rooms; a living room, two (bed) rooms and a bathroom with bath and shower, a kitchen equipped with everything you need, lots of books, a large dining table, quiet bedroom ( 1.60m bed ), kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge) and a small garden. Facilities : Internet, clean sheets and towels on arrival. It is a non - smoking apartment. You have access to all things in the home: Nespresso coffee maker, audio equipment, TV, internet, clean towels,  There is always the option to call, email or SMS. Basically I will respond as soon as possible.  I will not be in the house during your stay. One step out the door and you are in the bustling Pijp area with the Albert Cuyp m","One step out the door and you are in the bustling Pijp area with the Albert Cuyp market, Ceintuurbaan, Ferdinand Bolstraat and Sarphatipark around the corner with their shops, boutiques, cafes and restaurants. You can buy fresh fruits and vegetables at the Albert Cuyp market. The market is open every day from 9h - 17h.  The Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum and the cozy Heinekenplein with its bars and restaurants are within walking distance. You can drink a coffee or glass of wine on the Gerard Douplein. The Kalverstraat (shopping area, city centre) is within 5 minutes by bike.",Tram 3 and 12 stop at the beginning of the street (Ceintuurbaan). And tram 16 and 24 stops at the beginning of the Albert Cuyp Market that brings you straight to central station in 15 minutes.,No smoking in the house.
