"Quiet comfy room, with coffee and tea, some snacks and fruits facilities. located on the top floor with unobstructed view over 2 luscious green elm trees from the spacious balcony on the soutache. All within easy reach of the hustle and bustle of the city,","The home is located on the top floor with unobstructed view over 2 luscious green elm trees from the spacious balcony on the soutache. All within easy reach of the hustle and bustle of the city, bus and tram are just in front of the building and the apartment is only two stops from Central Station. Walking distance to the station is about 15 minutes (1,5km). The lively Dappermarket, Artis, Brouwerij het IJ (with a real windmill), Scheepvaartmuseum, Library, NEMO and Nieuwmarkt are all within walking distance. I offer a clean sheets and towels. I also offer breakfast.  In a 3 room appartment a private double bedroom, in the center. The rest of the appartment to share with owner( a hostess and lovely lady","Quiet comfy room, with coffee and tea, some snacks and fruits facilities. located on the top floor with unobstructed view over 2 luscious green elm trees from the spacious balcony on the soutache. All within easy reach of the hustle and bustle of the city, The home is located on the top floor with unobstructed view over 2 luscious green elm trees from the spacious balcony on the soutache. All within easy reach of the hustle and bustle of the city, bus and tram are just in front of the building and the apartment is only two stops from Central Station. Walking distance to the station is about 15 minutes (1,5km). The lively Dappermarket, Artis, Brouwerij het IJ (with a real windmill), Scheepvaartmuseum, Library, NEMO and Nieuwmarkt are all within walking distance. I offer a clean sheets and towels. I also offer breakfast.  In a 3 room appartment a private double bedroom, in the center. The rest of the appartment to share with owner( a hostess and lovely lady LOCATION Our century house is ",oostelijke eilanden en Kadijken,"Public transport (Bus 48 and tram 26) to go to the Center, are just in front of the building and the apartment is only two stops from Central Station. Walking distance to the station is about 15 minutes (1,5km)","Netheid, schoonheid, beleeft and respect."
