"We love our apartment. It's located in a friendly, not to busy but also vibrant neighborhood, close to the famous Vondelpark and the Museum Square with Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum etc. The airport Schiphol is conveniently near (10min).","We rent out our cozy second floor apartment. Build in the 1920s and completely renovated in 2008, this appartment is equipped with all you need for a perfect stay in Amsterdam. It's easily reached and less than 10 min from the airport by car/taxi (Schiphol). Location: It's situated in the stately and beautiful residential 'Oud-Zuid' neighborhood which for a large part was designed by the famous Amsterdam modern architect Berlage in the beginning of the 20th century. The apartment is in walking distance from the Vondelpark and very close to the Museumsquare and the centre. There are good (organic) supermarkets, shops, lunchrooms and café's. Public transport is closeby and takes you all around the city. You can be at the Museum Square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh), by tram in less than 10 min.  The neighborhood is easily reached by car from the main highway (ring). Nearby you can go for a stroll in the popular Vondelpark, or take a bike tour to the naturepark 'Amsterdamse bos' and 'Nieuwe Meer","We love our apartment. It's located in a friendly, not to busy but also vibrant neighborhood, close to the famous Vondelpark and the Museum Square with Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum etc. The airport Schiphol is conveniently near (10min). We rent out our cozy second floor apartment. Build in the 1920s and completely renovated in 2008, this appartment is equipped with all you need for a perfect stay in Amsterdam. It's easily reached and less than 10 min from the airport by car/taxi (Schiphol). Location: It's situated in the stately and beautiful residential 'Oud-Zuid' neighborhood which for a large part was designed by the famous Amsterdam modern architect Berlage in the beginning of the 20th century. The apartment is in walking distance from the Vondelpark and very close to the Museumsquare and the centre. There are good (organic) supermarkets, shops, lunchrooms and café's. Public transport is closeby and takes you all around the city. You can be at the Museum Square (Rijksmuseum, Van Go",,,"Not for those who only want to smoke weed and party in Amsterdam.  No smoking, no using drugs."
