"This apartment is located in one of the nicest areas of the city: Weesperplein, which is10 min biking from Leidseplein, Museumplein, Waterlooplein The apartment has been totally renovated in 2013. Included:  - Wi-Fi  - Towels and hairdryer  - Iron board & iron  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher, toaster.  - Balcony .","This apartment is located in one of the nicest areas of the city: The Weesperplein. If you walk out of the front door you are close to all Amsterdam has to offer. In 10 min biking distance you find pubs, restaurants, museum, supermarkets, shops. The apartment was  totally renovated in 2013. Everything is new. New kitchen, new furniture, new bed. Included:  - Wi-Fi  - TV with cable & DVD Player  - Towels and hairdryer  - Iron board & iron  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher, toaster, water cooker, coffee-machine. -Washing-machine  and hang-dryer  -Wi-Fi  - TV with cable & DVD Player  - Totally functional and equipped bathroom  - Towels and hairdryer  - Iron board & iron  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher, toaster, water cooker, coffee-machine. -Washing-machine  and hang-dryer -Balcony is a cozy neighborhood with lots of things to do around.  Can access tram 7, 3 and 10 to get to the center.","This apartment is located in one of the nicest areas of the city: Weesperplein, which is10 min biking from Leidseplein, Museumplein, Waterlooplein The apartment has been totally renovated in 2013. Included:  - Wi-Fi  - Towels and hairdryer  - Iron board & iron  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher, toaster.  - Balcony . This apartment is located in one of the nicest areas of the city: The Weesperplein. If you walk out of the front door you are close to all Amsterdam has to offer. In 10 min biking distance you find pubs, restaurants, museum, supermarkets, shops. The apartment was  totally renovated in 2013. Everything is new. New kitchen, new furniture, new bed. Included:  - Wi-Fi  - TV with cable & DVD Player  - Towels and hairdryer  - Iron board & iron  - Kitchen with oven, dishwasher, toaster, water cooker, coffee-machine. -Washing-machine  and hang-dryer  -Wi-Fi  - TV with cable & DVD Player  - Totally functional and equipped bathroom  - Towels and hairdryer  - Iron board & iron  - Kitch",is a cozy neighborhood with lots of things to do around.,"Can access tram 7, 3 and 10 to get to the center.",
