,"Modern fully-equipped two-level apartment (72 m2) located in the city center within walking distance (10 minutes) of Leidseplein square and only 150 meters from the Vondelpark. The apartment has recently been fully renovated and provides you with all comforts, including bathroom, spacious living room with tv and home cinema set, fully equipped kitchen (fridge, 5-burner gas stove, oven, dishwasher) with doors opening onto the balcony (south-west). The bedroom disposes of a twin bed. The apartment is kept absolutely clean, our cleaning-service will clean the apartment upon every guest's departure. Free high-speed WiFi internet available in the apartment! Clean sheets, pillows, blankets and towels are provided.  Central heating system throughout the house. Washer available for you to use freely. All windows dispose of double glass for complete thermal and noise insulation. The apartment is situated in a very tranquil and safe residential neighborhood. The Coffee Plaza and Coffee Company c","Modern fully-equipped two-level apartment (72 m2) located in the city center within walking distance (10 minutes) of Leidseplein square and only 150 meters from the Vondelpark. The apartment has recently been fully renovated and provides you with all comforts, including bathroom, spacious living room with tv and home cinema set, fully equipped kitchen (fridge, 5-burner gas stove, oven, dishwasher) with doors opening onto the balcony (south-west). The bedroom disposes of a twin bed. The apartment is kept absolutely clean, our cleaning-service will clean the apartment upon every guest's departure. Free high-speed WiFi internet available in the apartment! Clean sheets, pillows, blankets and towels are provided.  Central heating system throughout the house. Washer available for you to use freely. All windows dispose of double glass for complete thermal and noise insulation. The apartment is situated in a very tranquil and safe residential neighborhood. The Coffee Plaza and Coffee Company c",,,"During your stay you will have the same status, freedom and rights as the other residents of the building have. Please respect our privacy and nightly rest as we respect yours. Thank you and enjoy your stay!"
