"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There is a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with comfortable bed, a nice bathroom and a balcony! There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach from the apartment. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment during your stay!","Lovely, stylish apartment with great vintage touches.  My home is located in a central, creative and young neighborhood.  You will find quirky, little shops, restaurants, bars and clubs within walking distance. The famous 'Westergas' area is a 5-minute walk from the apartment. This area is known for its events, festivals, markets (food and vintage) and parties. The area is well-connected to the heart of the city by public transport (bus, tram). Although I can recommend exploring the city by bike (bike rental just around the corner). - Free WIFI  - Bedding & clean towels   - Fully equipped kitchen including toaster, oven, washing machine.  The apartment is very bright and has a lot of natural light. The living room is   very comfortable with a great atmosphere. You can just sit down on the couch and relax. The kitchen is fully equipped and a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. The bedroom is cozy and accommodated with a comfortable queen sized bed where you really get to rest","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There is a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with comfortable bed, a nice bathroom and a balcony! There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach from the apartment. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment during your stay! Lovely, stylish apartment with great vintage touches.  My home is located in a central, creative and young neighborhood.  You will find quirky, little shops, restaurants, bars and clubs within walking distance. The famous 'Westergas' area is a 5-minute walk from the apartment. This area is known for its events, festivals, markets (food and vintage) and parties. The area is well-connected to the heart of the city by public transport (bus, tram). Although I can recommend exploring the city by bike (bik","The Staatsliedenbuurt is a lovely neighborhood located in the West of Amsterdam, next to the Jordaan. It is a nice residential area, with typical nineteenth century architecture. It is a cosy and quiet neighborhood. It is very green, the streets are leafy and it feels like your walking through a small village inside the city of Amsterdam. You’ll find different kind of supermarkets, shops and restaurants. There are a lot of cafes where you’ll get the local feeling. The Westerpark is located in this district, it is a beautiful urban park. Where you can go for a walk, picnic or to work out. The famous Westergasfabriek is located in the Westerpark, this is a cultural place where they have festivals, parties, fairs and concerts.","The easiest way to get around the city is by bike, but you can also use public transport. Close to the apartment you can find different trams an buses to get around.","Please don’t trash the place, don’t smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that enjoy as it is your own apartment."
