"Spacious, light apartment in Amsterdam-west. The 3 chamber apartment is situated on the second floor and comes with a recent renovated kitchen and bathroom. The appartment is located in a populair neighbourhood called ""the Baarsjes"". Public transport just around the corner and brings you to the city center within 10 minutes. You'll find nice bars and restaurants on walking distance:  Speijkervet, Radijs, bar Spek, bar Baarsch, Fier, Café Cook, bar Thuys, Edel, Zurich, de Hallen.",The apartment is spacious (62m2) and it's really light trough it's big windows on the front and balcony side on the back.,"Spacious, light apartment in Amsterdam-west. The 3 chamber apartment is situated on the second floor and comes with a recent renovated kitchen and bathroom. The appartment is located in a populair neighbourhood called ""the Baarsjes"". Public transport just around the corner and brings you to the city center within 10 minutes. You'll find nice bars and restaurants on walking distance:  Speijkervet, Radijs, bar Spek, bar Baarsch, Fier, Café Cook, bar Thuys, Edel, Zurich, de Hallen. Tel:  + (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) or + (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)  If you're looking for some bars in the area here are some options; Radijs, bar Spek, bar Baarsch, Fier, Café Cook, bar Thuys good for beers, for diner Speijkervet is nice(just around the corner), Edel, de Hallen and Zurich.  Also you can to go to ""jordaan"" its one of the oldest parts of adam and not that touristic. There is also ""noordermarkt"" wich has a nice market on saturday. From the Airport it's quite easy to get to the appartmen","If you're looking for some bars in the area here are some options; Radijs, bar Spek, bar Baarsch, Fier, Café Cook, bar Thuys good for beers, for diner Speijkervet is nice(just around the corner), Edel, de Hallen and Zurich.  Also you can to go to ""jordaan"" its one of the oldest parts of adam and not that touristic. There is also ""noordermarkt"" wich has a nice market on saturday.","From the Airport it's quite easy to get to the appartment in approximately 30 minutes.  You'll take a train to Sloterdijk Station (2nd stop from the Airport). From there you take Tram 12 to Amstel Station. Check out at "" Admiraal de Ruyterweg"".",Treat the place with respect. Smoking on the balcony.
