"Very cozy, ground floor apartment with green and tranquil private garden with summerhouse on the Kadijks island, in the center of Amsterdam. Several museums, restaurants, cafes, markets, tram stop and Artis (zoo) within walking distance.","This high-rise apartment (ceiling height 3.10 meters) is located on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam style house built around 1900. The apartment can accommodate 4, up to max. 5 people and has two double beds and one single bed. Behind the house there is a private garden of 40 m2 with a summerhouse including one of the two double beds This apartment has the following features: Master bedroom: The master bedroom has a new king size double bed with pocket springs, a TV set and reading lights. Also located in this room is a large built-in wardrobe for your clothes. Beside the bed there are outlets to charge your phone. The windows can be closed at night with heavy curtains which makes the room very dark at day and night. Children's bedroom: In the children's room there is a loft, in which there is a single bed and a wardrobe for toys. On the ground floor there is a wardrobe, an electronic drum kit and there is room to play . Bathroom: The spacious bathroom has a nice shower, toilet","Very cozy, ground floor apartment with green and tranquil private garden with summerhouse on the Kadijks island, in the center of Amsterdam. Several museums, restaurants, cafes, markets, tram stop and Artis (zoo) within walking distance. This high-rise apartment (ceiling height 3.10 meters) is located on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam style house built around 1900. The apartment can accommodate 4, up to max. 5 people and has two double beds and one single bed. Behind the house there is a private garden of 40 m2 with a summerhouse including one of the two double beds This apartment has the following features: Master bedroom: The master bedroom has a new king size double bed with pocket springs, a TV set and reading lights. Also located in this room is a large built-in wardrobe for your clothes. Beside the bed there are outlets to charge your phone. The windows can be closed at night with heavy curtains which makes the room very dark at day and night. Children's bedroom: In the ","The house is on a quiet Amsterdam street on the ""Kadijks"" island that occurs as a small village in the middle of the city. Across the street you will find a playground. Within walking distance you will find the Maritime Museum, the Tropenmuseum, Nemo (Science Center for Kids), Artis (zoo), Hortus Botanicus, Dapper Market, Waterloosquare (market) and many more.","There are several bus stops and tram stops within walking distance. Optionally, it is possible to use our bicycles.",
