"River view loft in quiet street in hip neighbourhood ""de pijp"", walking distance to bars-cafes-restaurants. 10 minutes walk to the centre of Amsterdam (centrum). Tram station around the corner.  Very good location to explore the city from.","Beautiful and comfortable apartment/loft in great central neighbourhood in Amsterdam. Neighbourhood is called the pijp (adjacent to center). The apartment has beautiful views: on an old monument and the Amstel river on one side, on a park like gardencomplex at the other side. It is on the third floor with a big balcony facing south with lots of light in the house. On top of the building there is a private roof top terrace 18m2 with a great view on the south part of town. The oak wooden floor gives a warm feeling inside.  There is WIFI, dishwasher, flatscreen TV cable TV Trams/Trains/Metro all closeby, a 10 minute walk to the centre of town.  Plenty of cafes/eateries/lunchplaces closeby.  It is a non smoking apartment, smoking is allowed on the large balcony  The place has a  small but comfortable double bed. (1m40x2m00)","River view loft in quiet street in hip neighbourhood ""de pijp"", walking distance to bars-cafes-restaurants. 10 minutes walk to the centre of Amsterdam (centrum). Tram station around the corner.  Very good location to explore the city from. Beautiful and comfortable apartment/loft in great central neighbourhood in Amsterdam. Neighbourhood is called the pijp (adjacent to center). The apartment has beautiful views: on an old monument and the Amstel river on one side, on a park like gardencomplex at the other side. It is on the third floor with a big balcony facing south with lots of light in the house. On top of the building there is a private roof top terrace 18m2 with a great view on the south part of town. The oak wooden floor gives a warm feeling inside.  There is WIFI, dishwasher, flatscreen TV cable TV Trams/Trains/Metro all closeby, a 10 minute walk to the centre of town.  Plenty of cafes/eateries/lunchplaces closeby.  It is a non smoking apartment, smoking is allowed on the large ","De pijp is all about hip shops, cafes, restaurants, coffee bars, places to hang out, and walk around or sit in the park.","Tram, Metro, Car2Go, Carrental.",Please don't disturb the neighbors.
