"You are welcome in my comfortable, quiet, light apartment in the popular West; on walking distance of the Jordan neighborhood. My apartment can host two adults. A sunny living room, and a bedroom and kitchen at the balcony side, with evening sun.","Bright & sunny apartment in the centre of Amsterdam (10 min. walking distance of Jordan). The apartment itself is recently renovated and decorated in a stylish and trendy way (in my opinion :). I have a living room with an extra study; separated by authentic stained glass doors. At the back of the house the kitchen and bedroom, as well as a spare room, can be found. Here is a cosy balcony with evening sun, overlooking inside gardens. We think our place is very suitable for couples!","You are welcome in my comfortable, quiet, light apartment in the popular West; on walking distance of the Jordan neighborhood. My apartment can host two adults. A sunny living room, and a bedroom and kitchen at the balcony side, with evening sun. Bright & sunny apartment in the centre of Amsterdam (10 min. walking distance of Jordan). The apartment itself is recently renovated and decorated in a stylish and trendy way (in my opinion :). I have a living room with an extra study; separated by authentic stained glass doors. At the back of the house the kitchen and bedroom, as well as a spare room, can be found. Here is a cosy balcony with evening sun, overlooking inside gardens. We think our place is very suitable for couples! Furthermore you are more than welcome to use: - WiFi  - Dishwasher - Washing machine - Bathroom amenities If you stay in my house, I will probably have a trip planned myself. I will definitely try to welcome you! If this is not possible, one of my sisters or a frien","The apartment is situated in the west of Amsterdam, very popular and upcoming area. It is a nice and quiet neighborhood were you find nice coffee places, vintage shops and trendy restaurants. For example: - Hugo de Grootsplein: here you find a bunch of  nice restaurants - Jan Evertsenstraat: more arty and vintage style shops and venues In a 10 minutes walk, you are in one of the most authentic neighborhoods of Amsterdam, the Jordan. Adjacent to this you can find the canals and all the nice places in Amsterdam.","Public transport is 2 minutes walking distance. There are several trams and buses that bring you within 10 minutes to the city center.  For example:  - Bus 18 brings you in 10 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station.  - Tram 13 and 14 bring you to the city centre (canals) within 10 minutes. - Tram 12 connects in 8 minutes to Station Sloterdijk, where there is a direct connection which brings you in 15 minutes to Schiphol airport. The apartment is close to Schiphol airport and easily reached by car as well. From Schiphol you can take a train to Amsterdam Sloterdijk station (7 minutes) and from there tram 12 (5 minutes). The ring-road around Amsterdam is 5 minutes away and there's a cheap longstay parking-lot (Park & Ride), easily connected with tram 14, in 10 minutes from my house. There is a direct comfortable bus (Connexxion nr. 80) to Haarlem, the beach and a beautiful nature reserve called the 'Amsterdamse Waterleidingduinen' that rides frequently (4x p.h.). If you wish to make one or ","First of all enjoy the apartment! I try to care about the environment as much as I can, by being sparse with water and energy and recycling packaging as much as possible. I would be happy if you could respect that too. Please turn the heating on 16 degrees or lower when you leave the house or when you go to sleep. Please keep glass and paper separate for their specific container. Amsterdam and especially this neighborhood is a very safe city, but just beware of pickpockets in the crowded and touristic area's in the city centre.  Please always lock the balcony-door (with the upper 'clip') when you leave the house; lock the door of the apartment (upstairs) with both of the keys. The door downstairs does not have to be locked, but just make sure it is always closed behind you. If you like to smoke, you are free to do so at the balcony. Thanks a lot!"
