,"ABOUT THE APARTMENT: 35 m2 apartment located in the center of Amsterdam. The beautiful canals are just around the corner of the house! 1 (small 2-persons bed) bedroom Towels & Clean Sheets Equipped design kitchen Nespresso machine Flatscreen TV & WIFI Manual + Tourist info book - Rent a bike is around the corner by a few minutes walking and you can park your bike in front of the door. - 3 minutes walking to the nearest public transit witch can bring you anywhere. - Near by (2-10 minutes walking)  cafe's, clubs, shopping streets. Only 10-15 minutes away from the central station of Amsterdam with public transportation. You can walk to the most know places of Amsterdam like the Museum square, Leidseplein (Leidse square), Damsquare, Rembrandt square. it's all a 5-10 minute walk. You can also look it up at g.o.o.g.l.e maps to see where it all is. Put on some comfortable shoes or rent a bike and you can stroll your way through Amsterdam probably the best way to see the city.  It's a very com","ABOUT THE APARTMENT: 35 m2 apartment located in the center of Amsterdam. The beautiful canals are just around the corner of the house! 1 (small 2-persons bed) bedroom Towels & Clean Sheets Equipped design kitchen Nespresso machine Flatscreen TV & WIFI Manual + Tourist info book - Rent a bike is around the corner by a few minutes walking and you can park your bike in front of the door. - 3 minutes walking to the nearest public transit witch can bring you anywhere. - Near by (2-10 minutes walking)  cafe's, clubs, shopping streets. Only 10-15 minutes away from the central station of Amsterdam with public transportation. You can walk to the most know places of Amsterdam like the Museum square, Leidseplein (Leidse square), Damsquare, Rembrandt square. it's all a 5-10 minute walk. You can also look it up at g.o.o.g.l.e maps to see where it all is. Put on some comfortable shoes or rent a bike and you can stroll your way through Amsterdam probably the best way to see the city.  It's a very com",,,
