"Really sweet & comfortable one bedroom apartment with lovely garden, a true city feeling! It comfortably fits two/three and is centrally located on a quiet street, just two blocks from the Westerpark. Enjoy a pleasent stay, with easy city access!","Hello sweet travelers, are you up for a relaxed & easygoing time in Amsterdam? You are welcome to stay at my cozy, bright, comfortable & clean apartment to experience the Amsterdam Lifestyle. The apartment is down floors and located in a nice & safe neighborhood, close to the Jordan area and the beautiful Westerpark. It also has a lovely garden(view), in the Summertime you can enjoy your breakfast in the Sun! You are just one street away of a daily fresh evening market, bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants. And you are also close by easy city access & public transport. To see which nice's things are going around in the neigbourhood, you can have a look on the website from 'Westergasfabriek' :-) The apartment is fully furnished and equipped with: Double bed + 1 extra bed Bed linen Towels  Kitchen Fridge Oven  Bathroom Shower  TV/DVD WI-FI access (free) Garden (25 m2) You are welcome :))) Sunny regards, Cornelia","Really sweet & comfortable one bedroom apartment with lovely garden, a true city feeling! It comfortably fits two/three and is centrally located on a quiet street, just two blocks from the Westerpark. Enjoy a pleasent stay, with easy city access! Hello sweet travelers, are you up for a relaxed & easygoing time in Amsterdam? You are welcome to stay at my cozy, bright, comfortable & clean apartment to experience the Amsterdam Lifestyle. The apartment is down floors and located in a nice & safe neighborhood, close to the Jordan area and the beautiful Westerpark. It also has a lovely garden(view), in the Summertime you can enjoy your breakfast in the Sun! You are just one street away of a daily fresh evening market, bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants. And you are also close by easy city access & public transport. To see which nice's things are going around in the neigbourhood, you can have a look on the website from 'Westergasfabriek' :-) The apartment is fully furnished and equippe",Absolutely Love it ♡♡ The Westerpark (parc itself) is such a lush green creative place to be & the Jordan area is just a heartbeat away ;):),"There is tram access within 100 meters from the house, into the city. Also the bus stop, which takes you to Amsterdam Central Station is nearby.",No smoking inside the house please - outside on the terrace is fine :)
