A perfect little get away ideally located in the center of Amsterdam.,"Right in the heart of Amsterdam ( Oud West ), I'm offering for rent my small cosy studio loft. Just  a 2 minute walk from the beautiful Vondelpark and a 15 minute walk to the major tourist hubs.  Located close to the ""Museum Square"" (with its Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk Museums), the ""Leidseplein"" and ""Heinekenplein"", the apartment is perfectly positioned between the canals and the coziest bars and restaurants of Amsterdam. This (strictly non smoking) loft features: - One bedroom with a queen size bed.  - Living room.  - There's a small kitchen in the living room area. - Shower and toilet adjacent (private). - A fantastic rooftop terrace with a beautiful view over the city!! Very conveniently, a major supermarket and a fruit and veg store are around the corner. By the way it's mandatory in Amsterdam to have a bike :-) Luckily a bike rental shop is also around the corner. Upon arrival I will provide you with a list of all the latest hip and happening places in the neighbourhood. Plus ","A perfect little get away ideally located in the center of Amsterdam. Right in the heart of Amsterdam ( Oud West ), I'm offering for rent my small cosy studio loft. Just  a 2 minute walk from the beautiful Vondelpark and a 15 minute walk to the major tourist hubs.  Located close to the ""Museum Square"" (with its Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk Museums), the ""Leidseplein"" and ""Heinekenplein"", the apartment is perfectly positioned between the canals and the coziest bars and restaurants of Amsterdam. This (strictly non smoking) loft features: - One bedroom with a queen size bed.  - Living room.  - There's a small kitchen in the living room area. - Shower and toilet adjacent (private). - A fantastic rooftop terrace with a beautiful view over the city!! Very conveniently, a major supermarket and a fruit and veg store are around the corner. By the way it's mandatory in Amsterdam to have a bike :-) Luckily a bike rental shop is also around the corner. Upon arrival I will provide you with a list ","Oud West is a neighbourhood that borders the canals and the city center. You will find plenty of small restaurants with large shady terraces perfect for long summer evenings.  More and more hip stores and coffee places open up here. There's  a great Italian restaurant / coffee bar right across the street calles Forno. We have Amsterdams first and only raw food restaurant on the Overtoom opposite to the tram stop. There's bike rental places, bars (check OT301 for great dj performances) It's a two minute walk to the park and a 10 minute walk to the Kinkerstraat which features every shop that you could ever need.",Our place is very well connected to public transport.  The closest train station is Lelylaan which is only one stop away from Schiphol Airport! From Lelylaan take tram 1 that stops at stone trow distance from the house.  Tram 1 is awesome as it also leads further down town all the way the Amsterdam Central station.,No smoking inside the house please.
