,"In this cozy and stylish furnished apartment, situated in Oud-Zuid, near the Vondelpark, you certainly have a perfect base in Amsterdam. The apartment is decorated with art and design. With a total area of 50m2 you have enough space to move freely. The living room is divided into two parts and is separated by 'en-suite doors'. The kitchen is equipped with a luxury cooker including an oven. There's also a washer available. In the bedroom you will find a comfortable bed. Tram 2 stops around the corner and you can walk within five minutes into the Vondelpark. Amsterdam Oud-Zuid is known for its high quality restaurants and boutiques. In short, the ideal place to be! We are sure your stay will be very enjoyable and comfortable. We are willing to tell you all the fancy secrets Amsterdam has!  Key Points: *Public transport tram/subway (2 minute walk) *Supermarket 50 meters  *Vondelpark is just around the corner.  *Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and Van Goghmuseum (5 minut","In this cozy and stylish furnished apartment, situated in Oud-Zuid, near the Vondelpark, you certainly have a perfect base in Amsterdam. The apartment is decorated with art and design. With a total area of 50m2 you have enough space to move freely. The living room is divided into two parts and is separated by 'en-suite doors'. The kitchen is equipped with a luxury cooker including an oven. There's also a washer available. In the bedroom you will find a comfortable bed. Tram 2 stops around the corner and you can walk within five minutes into the Vondelpark. Amsterdam Oud-Zuid is known for its high quality restaurants and boutiques. In short, the ideal place to be! We are sure your stay will be very enjoyable and comfortable. We are willing to tell you all the fancy secrets Amsterdam has!  Key Points: *Public transport tram/subway (2 minute walk) *Supermarket 50 meters  *Vondelpark is just around the corner.  *Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and Van Goghmuseum (5 minut",,,
