,"Hi! You are very welcome to stay at my cozy apartment, close to the city centre (just 10 minutes from the centre by bike). Great public transport and road connections to all the hotspots and the airport.  The living room is very big and light, with floor to ceiling windows, comfortable furniture and big screen tv. There are 2 bedrooms both with a double bed. The couch is as comfortable as can be, so there's lots of space for a family or a group. What's in store: - Wireless internet - Bedding - Multiple sets of keys - Elevator - Free parking - Washing machine and dryer - Kitchen with all the equipment - Two bicycles at of course no charge - Well, everything a house should have. I live in it, and I love it! The area is up and coming. A lot of young people are coming into the neighborhood, and a lot of nice shops are following suit. 4 parks are all within a 10 minute walk or bike ride. Come stay at my place, and I'll make sure you have a pleasant stay!","Hi! You are very welcome to stay at my cozy apartment, close to the city centre (just 10 minutes from the centre by bike). Great public transport and road connections to all the hotspots and the airport.  The living room is very big and light, with floor to ceiling windows, comfortable furniture and big screen tv. There are 2 bedrooms both with a double bed. The couch is as comfortable as can be, so there's lots of space for a family or a group. What's in store: - Wireless internet - Bedding - Multiple sets of keys - Elevator - Free parking - Washing machine and dryer - Kitchen with all the equipment - Two bicycles at of course no charge - Well, everything a house should have. I live in it, and I love it! The area is up and coming. A lot of young people are coming into the neighborhood, and a lot of nice shops are following suit. 4 parks are all within a 10 minute walk or bike ride. Come stay at my place, and I'll make sure you have a pleasant stay! Of course I'm available to help you ","The neighbourhood is an up and coming one. Since 2008, a lot of young people have moved into the area. This has sparked a number of bakeries, cafes and other little shops to move in as well. The Erasmus park right next door is great for relaxation, having a cup of coffee on a sunny weekend morning or visiting the festivals in summer.","Public transport is perfect. Bus 21 and trams 14 and take you to every part in the centre: central station, Leidse square, Rembrandtplein, museum district, Dam square, Anne Frank house, everywhere! Schiphol is only 20 minutes away with bus and train.","Please be mindful of the neighbours, especially outside and after 10pm."
