,"2 Rooms for rent separately  (2 x 2 people) My bright, sunny and stylish apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor, the two upmost floors of a 19th century house in a quiet street in the very heart of the beautiful thriving 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam; 'De Pijp'. In this  authentic, recently renovated apartment I have two rooms available: This bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV, you can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The other room is the master bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a large working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV with DVD-player and your own private terrace where you can read a book or enjoy your breakfast. You can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The toilet is accessible from the hall that separates the two rooms and is shared. Clean sheets and towels are all included.  Breakfa","2 Rooms for rent separately  (2 x 2 people) My bright, sunny and stylish apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor, the two upmost floors of a 19th century house in a quiet street in the very heart of the beautiful thriving 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam; 'De Pijp'. In this  authentic, recently renovated apartment I have two rooms available: This bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV, you can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The other room is the master bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a large working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV with DVD-player and your own private terrace where you can read a book or enjoy your breakfast. You can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The toilet is accessible from the hall that separates the two rooms and is shared. Clean sheets and towels are all included.  Breakfa",,"At Schiphol Airport take the train to Amsterdam Central Station, from there take tram 24 (in front of station left, tickets are available at the driver) and exit at tram stop Ferdinand Bolstraat, walk straight on until you see on the right side of that street coffeecorner Hannibal, turn right into the Govert Flinckstraat and walk to number 106-d and you have arrived. I regularly work with a (cheap) taxi service which will pick you up at the Airport and bring you within 30 minutes to the front of my door. This costs 15 euro per person. To come by train and tram costs 10 euro per person and takes 1,5, 2 hours. If you decide to take a taxi I will need your flight number, phone number and if you have only hand luggage or not.",",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"
