"My apartment is ideal for couples who want to explore Amsterdam. There's an eat-in kitchen that's fully equipped, bathroom with bathtub and one bedroom with balcony attached.  The house is located in the Helmersbuurt. Just outside the city center this is a great place to stay! It is very peaceful and quiet but still, the Leidsesquare, Vondelpark, Foodhallen en Museumaquare are just around the corner!",,"My apartment is ideal for couples who want to explore Amsterdam. There's an eat-in kitchen that's fully equipped, bathroom with bathtub and one bedroom with balcony attached.  The house is located in the Helmersbuurt. Just outside the city center this is a great place to stay! It is very peaceful and quiet but still, the Leidsesquare, Vondelpark, Foodhallen en Museumaquare are just around the corner! You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. I will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. Oud West is close to the city-centre and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Ten Katestraat market is an excellent outdoor market with its charming cross-street ‘Bellamystraat’ giving the area an old-fashion village vibe – complete with dance studio and blacksmith. Kinkerstraat is a multicul","Oud West is close to the city-centre and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Ten Katestraat market is an excellent outdoor market with its charming cross-street ‘Bellamystraat’ giving the area an old-fashion village vibe – complete with dance studio and blacksmith. Kinkerstraat is a multicultural area with a large shopping street filled with bars, restaurants, clothes etc. It’s criss-crossed with commercial streets, including Overtoom which has become a major interiors boulevard. Two of the city’s more interesting alternative cultural complexes, OT301 and Lab111, which both mix music, film and art, are located here. But for a real taste for the relaxed diversity of this neighbourhood, visit the sprawling terrace of Du Cap to truly witness all walks of life. And again: the whole city is pretty much nearby.",,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment"
