Taste the wonderful experience of the life on the water of the Amsterdam typical canals.  I will be happy to host you and give you precious tips about living as a local in this fantastic city!,"Adjen is a characteristic houseboat located in a quiet and very central canal, 5 minutes walking from Leidseplein and Vondelpark; just a few steps away from the intense cultural and entertainment life that the city of Amsterdam offers. This cozy apartment was recently renewed and refurnished.","Taste the wonderful experience of the life on the water of the Amsterdam typical canals.  I will be happy to host you and give you precious tips about living as a local in this fantastic city! Adjen is a characteristic houseboat located in a quiet and very central canal, 5 minutes walking from Leidseplein and Vondelpark; just a few steps away from the intense cultural and entertainment life that the city of Amsterdam offers. This cozy apartment was recently renewed and refurnished. The owner is living in this houseboat, but often on business trip for periods of time throughout the year, therefore guests will find all the comforts of your own house and guaranteed privacy.  Common areas - A fully furnished kitchen, bathroom with shower*, well lighted living room with the possibility to use an extra sofa bed. Digital TV, DVD player, Wi-Fi internet access and stereo aux cable for iPod/iPhone. *The bathroom has a walk-in shower, with no cabin, therefore a little attention is required to kee","The neighborhood is very quite and residential, but only a few steps away from the wonderful Vondelpark and the busy Leidseplein (Paradiso, Melkweg, Sugar Factory, Cinecente, Bull Dog coffee shop). There are many nice restaurants and cafés just around the houseboat, plenty of choice ;)",The location is privileged. Within 3 minutes from the door step you are at one of the many public transport connections to move easily in town. However the location is so central that we advise to walk or rent a bike to discover the city as it is supposed to be.,"Please pay attention to the following house rules: - The rental property is a smoking property. fully equipped and furnished as is let with the following furnishings: Sleepingroom nr. 1 (doublebed including beddings and towels for all the guests), wardrobe and a chair. Sleepingroom nr. 2 (doublebed including beddings and towels for all the guests), wardrobe, tv, dresser and a chair. - Common area Living room: large table with 6 chairs, sofa(bed), library with books and miscellaneous, small TV table, TV flat screen remote control, digital TV box, DVD player remote control, various plants. Kitchen: fully equipped, please leave it clean as you find it. Bed and bath linen are provided by the owner. - VERY IMPORTANT: Please do not throw anything else than toilet paper in the WC pot! The houseboat has a water pump system that could get seriously damaged by not following this advice! The receptionist will explain you what to do in case of malfunctioning. - Please do not make noise in the stre"
