"Welcome! Enjoy the vibrant city of Amsterdam and relax in this cozy apartment. It’s located in a quiet and green area (Westerpark, Spaarndammerbuurt), and was built in the original Amsterdamse stijl. You’ll stay within walking distance of the city","Welcome! Enjoy the vibrant city of Amsterdam and relax in this cozy apartment.  It’s located in a quiet and green area (Westerpark, Spaarndammerbuurt), and was built in the original Amsterdamse stijl.  You’ll stay within walking distance of the city centre. Everything you need to enjoy a pleasant city trip! Facilities - living room with comfortable couch, tv and radio - 2-person bedroom (3rd bed possible) with patio doors to the sunny balcony - bathroom with rainshower and sink (including towels, soap, shampoo) - entrance with cloakroom and separate toilet - kitchen with dishwasher, fridge and freezer, stove and microwave oven - minibar - two bicycles with lock - WiFi Internet - washing machine","Welcome! Enjoy the vibrant city of Amsterdam and relax in this cozy apartment. It’s located in a quiet and green area (Westerpark, Spaarndammerbuurt), and was built in the original Amsterdamse stijl. You’ll stay within walking distance of the city Welcome! Enjoy the vibrant city of Amsterdam and relax in this cozy apartment.  It’s located in a quiet and green area (Westerpark, Spaarndammerbuurt), and was built in the original Amsterdamse stijl.  You’ll stay within walking distance of the city centre. Everything you need to enjoy a pleasant city trip! Facilities - living room with comfortable couch, tv and radio - 2-person bedroom (3rd bed possible) with patio doors to the sunny balcony - bathroom with rainshower and sink (including towels, soap, shampoo) - entrance with cloakroom and separate toilet - kitchen with dishwasher, fridge and freezer, stove and microwave oven - minibar - two bicycles with lock - WiFi Internet - washing machine Private access on the first floor. Warm welcome ",The Neighborhood Quiet and green environment. - tourist center 2 km - Jordan 1.5 km - Westerpark 0.5 km - public outdoor pool 200 m - NDSM werf 3 km by ferry - Central Station 2.5 km - bus stop 100m - museum Het Schip 200 m - Prinseneiland 1.5 km,As described in ad.,Mijn gasten zijn betrouwbaar en netjes. Zij zullen  genieten van deze fijne plek en een onvergetelijke tijd hebben in deze geweldige stad.
