"Welcome in our cozy and colorful apartment at the heart of the world-famous Albert Cuyp market! Our place, which is situated in the vibrant area ""de Pijp"", makes you feel at home straight away :) You'll have everything at hand. Enjoy!","You will find our place on the second floor. The living room is bright with 2 large windows. The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances such as an oven, a microwave, a washing machine, a Nespresso and cappuccino-maker, citrus juicer, quick water-heater, fridge and a freezer.  The bedroom, with a 2-person bed, is part of the living room and separated by a bookcase. Here you'll find a large closet available for you. The bathroom includes a shower, toilet and wash-basin. Our number of Lonely Planet guides is growing steadily. Feel free to make yourself a nice cup of cappuccino and enjoy reading these.","Welcome in our cozy and colorful apartment at the heart of the world-famous Albert Cuyp market! Our place, which is situated in the vibrant area ""de Pijp"", makes you feel at home straight away :) You'll have everything at hand. Enjoy! You will find our place on the second floor. The living room is bright with 2 large windows. The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances such as an oven, a microwave, a washing machine, a Nespresso and cappuccino-maker, citrus juicer, quick water-heater, fridge and a freezer.  The bedroom, with a 2-person bed, is part of the living room and separated by a bookcase. Here you'll find a large closet available for you. The bathroom includes a shower, toilet and wash-basin. Our number of Lonely Planet guides is growing steadily. Feel free to make yourself a nice cup of cappuccino and enjoy reading these. You will have access to our entire apartment. Also, we'll give you free access to our wireless internet. We'll only meet you at your arrival and departure.","Situated in the popular, vibrant central area 'de Pijp' you’ll have everything at hand! The daily fresh food and clothes market is in front of the house. Just around the corner you’ll find many boutique shops, brown cafés, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as the main tram stops and the beautiful Sarphati Park. The Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Museum square, famous Vondelpark and many other famous attractions of Amsterdam are all within walking distance.","The tram stop is a 250-meter walk. From there it's a 10-minute ride by tram 4, 16 or 24 to Central Station.",No smoking in the house. No party in the house.
