"Ground-floor appartment facing canal , 3 bedrooms, kitchen, garden, et cetera in relaxed neighbourhood next to city center with excellent local and transport facilities. Cosy and vintage.  A warm stay and a nice start for a joyfull reconnaissance of Amsterdam.","Appartment in quiet neighbourhood, but walking distance from Centre, Westerpark, Jordaan and stores and with excellent and easy public transport facilities to the rest of the Centre. 3 bedrooms, dining/living room, kitchen, small bathroom, garden Wifi  Quiet part of Amsterdam, not overrun by tourists. Excellent facilities in the vicinity- supermarkets, a great variety of restaurants (Dutch cuisine as well as Moroccan, Spanish, Thai, Indonesian, Chinese, Afghan, Italian), cafes, drugstores, bike rental. antiques, two markets, public swimmingpool, spa and several gyms (one facing the appartment), second hand stores, washing services. Bus 18 and 21 to and from Central Station Tram 3 to Museumsquare Tram 10 to Leidseplein","Ground-floor appartment facing canal , 3 bedrooms, kitchen, garden, et cetera in relaxed neighbourhood next to city center with excellent local and transport facilities. Cosy and vintage.  A warm stay and a nice start for a joyfull reconnaissance of Amsterdam. Appartment in quiet neighbourhood, but walking distance from Centre, Westerpark, Jordaan and stores and with excellent and easy public transport facilities to the rest of the Centre. 3 bedrooms, dining/living room, kitchen, small bathroom, garden Wifi  Quiet part of Amsterdam, not overrun by tourists. Excellent facilities in the vicinity- supermarkets, a great variety of restaurants (Dutch cuisine as well as Moroccan, Spanish, Thai, Indonesian, Chinese, Afghan, Italian), cafes, drugstores, bike rental. antiques, two markets, public swimmingpool, spa and several gyms (one facing the appartment), second hand stores, washing services. Bus 18 and 21 to and from Central Station Tram 3 to Museumsquare Tram 10 to Leidseplein The appartm","The appartment is next to the centre/Jordan (150 metres), but in a still quiet part of Amsterdam, not overrun by tourists.  There are excellent basic facilities in the vicinity such as 3 supermarkets, child playgrounds, groceries stores, 3 drugstores, 2 book stores, utilities shop, bike rental, second hand store, toy shop, record shop, antique stores, library, washing services, Chinese massage and art galleries. Furthermore we have a great variety of restaurants - Dutch cuisine as well as Moroccan, Caribbean, Spanish, Thai, French, Indonesian, Cantonese, Belgian, Turkish, Afghan and Italian. And yes, we also have several snackbars and fish boutiques where you can get what the Dutch call a ""een vette bek"" (a fat face). Of course there are numerous cafes (some of which play live Jordan music or Jazz) for students as well as for families and oldtimers.  The quarter includes three markets. On saturdays there is the Noordermarkt (300 metres from the appartment) where you can find antiques a","Walking distance from center but close to excellent public transport facilities from/to Center (Museumplein, Vondelpark, Leidseplein) East (Oosterpark, ZOO) and Central Station.","Be a good guest, be good neighbour (it is an old appartment and neighbours have small children) No noise, no parties No strangers allowed No smoking No drugs Max 4 persons"
