"I would you to use our room , since we take our  holidays. You can use also free bikes from us, let us know what you need. Our apartment is located near to the train , tram. This room also has a balcony with a very spacios living room. Very nice view","Go on a free walking tour: Another cool thing to do is go on a free walking tour operated by New Amsterdam Tours from Dam Square at 11am and 3pm. 4 supermarket to buy some food are the  Aldi, Deen , AlbertHeijn, Albert heijn: ( (website hidden) it please) Near to the airport,Near to the city one ride tram or trein.Near to Rai convention center ,available free bike from mine,Amstel Park and Amstel rivier  It's full most famous park is called Vondelpark free maps from us. Here are some free things to do Begijnhof: Located behind the square known as Spui, Begijnhof is a tranquil courtyard that was once home to female religious community and entrance is free. Go on a free walking tour: Another cool thing to do is go on a free walking tour operated by New Amsterdam Tours from Dam Square at 11am and 3pm. Take a ride on a ferry: if you want to see Amsterdam from the water without spending a cent, take a trip on one of the free ferries from behind Centraal Station.","I would you to use our room , since we take our  holidays. You can use also free bikes from us, let us know what you need. Our apartment is located near to the train , tram. This room also has a balcony with a very spacios living room. Very nice view Go on a free walking tour: Another cool thing to do is go on a free walking tour operated by New Amsterdam Tours from Dam Square at 11am and 3pm. 4 supermarket to buy some food are the  Aldi, Deen , AlbertHeijn, Albert heijn: ( (website hidden) it please) Near to the airport,Near to the city one ride tram or trein.Near to Rai convention center ,available free bike from mine,Amstel Park and Amstel rivier  It's full most famous park is called Vondelpark free maps from us. Here are some free things to do Begijnhof: Located behind the square known as Spui, Begijnhof is a tranquil courtyard that was once home to female religious community and entrance is free. Go on a free walking tour: Another cool thing to do is go on a free walking tour oper",its very quite area we are living 2nd floor and there is no so much noise .,"of course it always open, If i were you guys please let us know what you wanted to do, then we can recommend.","No  smoking in the entire house so sorry, keep the room the same as  tidy and please  asked anything to yuya with this number (phone number hidden)), when you use something please be mindful to switch off especially putting out sucket,cooking area and the light thank you."
