"My apartment is in the Jordaan, one of the oldest neighbourhoods of Amsterdam - a perfect location to get a feel for the city. It's a cozy one-bedroom within walking distance to several sights, bars and restaurants. You're right in the centre of everything, but in a quaint, quiet street.","You can't beat this location. It's right in the beautiful, historical centre of Amsterdam. As soon as you step out the door, you're in the Jordaan with ample choice of restaurants, little boutiques and one of the oldest movie theaters in town. It's a short walk to the canals, the Anne Frankhouse and to the commercial centre. Easy access by public transport, with trams and buses right around the corner, and Amsterdam Central Station just a 15-minute walk away. The apartment is in a building built in the 1800's which has been classified as a historical monument (though thankfully renovated in 2006) in a charming, quiet street. You get a taste of Amsterdam's history, with modern comforts and amenities. ","My apartment is in the Jordaan, one of the oldest neighbourhoods of Amsterdam - a perfect location to get a feel for the city. It's a cozy one-bedroom within walking distance to several sights, bars and restaurants. You're right in the centre of everything, but in a quaint, quiet street. You can't beat this location. It's right in the beautiful, historical centre of Amsterdam. As soon as you step out the door, you're in the Jordaan with ample choice of restaurants, little boutiques and one of the oldest movie theaters in town. It's a short walk to the canals, the Anne Frankhouse and to the commercial centre. Easy access by public transport, with trams and buses right around the corner, and Amsterdam Central Station just a 15-minute walk away. The apartment is in a building built in the 1800's which has been classified as a historical monument (though thankfully renovated in 2006) in a charming, quiet street. You get a taste of Amsterdam's history, with modern comforts and amenities. Gu","The neighborhood: The Jordaan is one of the oldest and most charming neighborhoods in Amsterdam. You can wander around and explore at leisure, away from the throngs of tourists lining up for Madame Tussauds. You're in the middle of things, right by the famous canals, close to all the sights, there are authentic bars and cafes on every corner, quirky vintage stores. In short, this area oozes 'gezelligheid'. There is no English translation for that, so you'll just have to come visit and experience the Jordaan for yourself!","Public transit links are right around the corner. It's a 15 minute walk from Central Station, and there's a bus and tram stop about 3 minutes away, with trams running further into town or to Central Station. ","Please note that homes in Amsterdam are generally small and built closely together. It is important that guests do not inconvenience the neighbours by talking loudly, playing loud music, or wearing heels on the wood floors.  If you're looking for a place to stay for your drug and alchohol filled weekend in Amsterdam, this is probably not the place for you. This would work well for responsible travellers who have experience with staying in someone else's home and respecting the place.  This is a strictly drug, smoke and pet free apartment. Excessive alchohol consumption will also be a problem (see point about the neighbours above).  If any complaints are received from the neighbours about noise or inconvenience during your stay, you will be asked to leave.  In short, if you treat the apartment & the neighbours as you would your own, there should be no problems!"
