"THE APARTMENT Its only 15 mins by tram or bike from the city center of Amsterdam. It has two bedrooms, one we live in ourselves when we are there.  We share the fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and garden.  THE ROOM  The room is 12 m2 with a comfortable double bed (140x200), chest of drawers, TV and a mirror. Free WIFI and direct access to the garden. Fresh towels are provided. We look forward to hosting you!  Martijn & Betina","The flat has two bedrooms, one we live in when we are there.  We share the kitchen, bathroom and garden.  Your room is 12 m2 with a comfortable double bed (140x200), chest of drawers, TV and a mirror. Wifi throughout. Fresh towels are provided. We share the bathroom which has a toilet and shower. Kitchen with seating/dining area. We are happy for you you to cook and eat in the kitchen.  There is a fridge you can use and coffee machine available. We provide tea and coffee for you. Also feel free to enjoy the garden.","THE APARTMENT Its only 15 mins by tram or bike from the city center of Amsterdam. It has two bedrooms, one we live in ourselves when we are there.  We share the fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and garden.  THE ROOM  The room is 12 m2 with a comfortable double bed (140x200), chest of drawers, TV and a mirror. Free WIFI and direct access to the garden. Fresh towels are provided. We look forward to hosting you!  Martijn & Betina The flat has two bedrooms, one we live in when we are there.  We share the kitchen, bathroom and garden.  Your room is 12 m2 with a comfortable double bed (140x200), chest of drawers, TV and a mirror. Wifi throughout. Fresh towels are provided. We share the bathroom which has a toilet and shower. Kitchen with seating/dining area. We are happy for you you to cook and eat in the kitchen.  There is a fridge you can use and coffee machine available. We provide tea and coffee for you. Also feel free to enjoy the garden. You have access to the flat through the main doo","THE LOCATION  Bos en Lommer is situated just west of Amsterdam's city centre and is a hip and upcoming neighbourhood with cultural diversity. A good variety of bars and restaurants nearby. Two large parks are nearby for walking, cycling and jogging.  PLACES NEARBY Supermarket 100 meters from the flat and two larger ones a little further.  Daily outside market from Tuesday - Saturday with fresh fruit and vegetables and fish. Lots of restaurants and cafes nearby. There are many good especially Turkish restaurants/cafes but also burgers and pizza places, bagel and sandwich shops.  If you choose to stay local and eat some nights, here are the places we recommend: For very nice pizza at the end of the street, at the edge of the park Buurman en Buurman (URL HIDDEN) Currently in the middle of the roadworks but always busy and a very good atmosphere. For soup, salad, pizza and burgers, cocktails, daytime and late bar with cool atmosphere Wilde Westen, approx 4 mins walk. (URL HIDDEN) A little ","HOW TO GET AROUND  From the airport : The quickest public transport route is the to Sloterdijk, which takes 10 mins and then bus 15 to Bos en Lommerplein, which takes between 8-12 mins and from there, 3 mins walk to the flat.  Uber from the airport is approx Eur 20 and takes 10 mins .  From Central Station :  Bus 21 is the quickest, takes approx 20 mins. You catch the bus from outside the station, opposite the Victoria Hotel. Nearest bus stop to the flat is Bos en Lommerplein.  From the flat : 200m from the flat there are 2 tramlines (7 and 14) and 1 busline (21). A bit further tramline 12 which will  all take you to the main sights in the city. (Approx 15-20 mins): Tram 7 to Leidseplein area Tram 12 to Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk  Museum, PC Hooftstraat (high end shoppingstreet),  Tram 14 to Dam square, Flowermarket, Rembrandt Square, Madame Tussaud, Anne Franks House, Red light district, Artis Zoo. Bus 352 Nightbus from the centre to the flat.  At the Amsterdam Central st",We are very easygoing.
