"This creative home is a 90m2 light space, divided over two floors. The characteristic apartment is centrally located in 'de Pijp', a cute area with lots of authentic cafes, boutique stores, good restaurants and 5-10 minutes walking distance to Museum Square and Vondelpark. It has two bedrooms with double beds, a balcony, rooftop terrace, bath + shower and a well equipped kitchen. You'll love it because of the art, the light, its location and the overall feeling of being home away from home.","This apartment is heaven for travelers in search of a quiet, relaxed and spacy place to unwind and hide away from the hectic city life. Although it's situated in the middle of Amsterdams cutest area 'de Pijp', a short stroll away from the city center, a 10 minute tram ride from Central Station and you have everything at hand, it feels like you're in a small village.  The apartment is set up on two floors in a historical Amsterdam building. We have a private entrance on the second floor, leading up the stairs to the third floor where you'll find a spacious living room and kitchen, a big and bright atelier bedroom, a balcony, laundry room and a separate toilet. On the top floor you'll find the second light bedroom with stargazing windows, another toilet, the bathroom with a double sink, shower and bath and our rooftop terrace! It's the perfect spot to relax while you're soaking up on all the beautiful experiences this city has to offer, to cook a great meal and pretend you're a local or ","This creative home is a 90m2 light space, divided over two floors. The characteristic apartment is centrally located in 'de Pijp', a cute area with lots of authentic cafes, boutique stores, good restaurants and 5-10 minutes walking distance to Museum Square and Vondelpark. It has two bedrooms with double beds, a balcony, rooftop terrace, bath + shower and a well equipped kitchen. You'll love it because of the art, the light, its location and the overall feeling of being home away from home. This apartment is heaven for travelers in search of a quiet, relaxed and spacy place to unwind and hide away from the hectic city life. Although it's situated in the middle of Amsterdams cutest area 'de Pijp', a short stroll away from the city center, a 10 minute tram ride from Central Station and you have everything at hand, it feels like you're in a small village.  The apartment is set up on two floors in a historical Amsterdam building. We have a private entrance on the second floor, leading up t","De Pijp is a lovely boutique suburb with lots of cafes, restaurants, beautiful little shops and close to all Amsterdam museums, galeries and public transport to get you about anywhere you'd wish to go","Tram 24 and 16 stop right in front of our street, at 'Albert Cuyp Street'. Tram 5, 12, 7 and 10 are a 5 minute walk away","Amsterdam is a very broad and laidback city, but we all live pretty close to each other, so please keep the following things in mind during your stay: - no loud music after 10PM - be considerate on the stairs, the staircases of old houses like ours can be a bit noisy - same goes for the balcony, please keep your voices low to enable our neighbour's peace and sleep - no smoking inside :) - you can of course use the balcony for smoking - please lock the private front door when you leave the apartment, not just close it  - never lock the front door downstairs, that unables us from using the buzzer - please turn down the heat when you leave to go home :)"
