"Cute 1 bedroom apartment with a cozy and ""homey"" feel. In Amsterdam city near Westerpark and Jordaan, stores, restaurants and cafes within walking distance. 5-10 minutes from city center, direct bus & tram lines taking you everywhere. Close to museum district as well.","Full bright light apartment with a cozy ""homey"" feeling. Outside balcony space in case of smoking or relaxing. Tiny bathroom but more than enough space in the apartment to be comfortable for 1 or 2 people. Possible third person can sleep on the comfortable sofa. It's nice, friendly, quiet, yet close to everything you need such as restaurants, shops, park, public transport. Walking distance from the famous ""Jordaan"" neighbourhood.","Cute 1 bedroom apartment with a cozy and ""homey"" feel. In Amsterdam city near Westerpark and Jordaan, stores, restaurants and cafes within walking distance. 5-10 minutes from city center, direct bus & tram lines taking you everywhere. Close to museum district as well. Full bright light apartment with a cozy ""homey"" feeling. Outside balcony space in case of smoking or relaxing. Tiny bathroom but more than enough space in the apartment to be comfortable for 1 or 2 people. Possible third person can sleep on the comfortable sofa. It's nice, friendly, quiet, yet close to everything you need such as restaurants, shops, park, public transport. Walking distance from the famous ""Jordaan"" neighbourhood. Free wireless internet. Kitchen with fridge, stove, microwave and oven. Restaurants, cafes and grocery stores in the area, walking distance. Also fresh bakery, green grocer and gym around the corner. Bus and tram lines available. Huge park within walking distance. However much interaction the gue","Quiet area within Amsterdam center, next to the city center. Easy access to Public Transportation. It's nice, friendly, quiet, yet close to everything you need such as restaurants, shops, park, public transport. Walking distance from the famous ""Jordaan"" neighbourhood.",Public transportation such as bus and tram lines to different areas of Amsterdam are within walking distance from the apartment.,"No parties at the apartment, smoking only outside. Leave kitchen and bathroom clean after leaving. Towels can be put in laundry basket. Basically, treat the place as if it were your own home. :) Security deposit of 160 euro is required. AirBnB will pre-authorize a charge of 160 euro to your credit card to act as a security deposit during your stay (depending on your bank, the pre-authorization charge may appear as an actual charge, especially if you are using a debit card). AirBnB will void the authorization within 48 hours after the end of your stay, and the deposit will be completely refunded to you, assuming all the following conditions are met: 1) There is no damage to the structure, furnishings, or property;  2) No property or furnishings are missing from either the space pictured or the storage spaces and in the back of the closet;  3) No stains or other large messes are present that would require the replacement of furniture or property. Should these conditions not be met, the d"
