"This apartment enjoys a lot of attention and loves to pay this beautiful energy forward. The best place for these looking for a place to fully relax after a great day wondering through Amsterdam city. This area is not touristic at all and it will show the lovely side of Amsterdam, also only 10 min from the center. We provide fresh linens, towels and free wifi.",This lovely private apartment is situated in a very green and super relaxed area in Bos & Lommer (BoLo). This is a very bubbly and upcoming neighborhood within 10 minutes you are in the center of Amsterdam.,"This apartment enjoys a lot of attention and loves to pay this beautiful energy forward. The best place for these looking for a place to fully relax after a great day wondering through Amsterdam city. This area is not touristic at all and it will show the lovely side of Amsterdam, also only 10 min from the center. We provide fresh linens, towels and free wifi. This lovely private apartment is situated in a very green and super relaxed area in Bos & Lommer (BoLo). This is a very bubbly and upcoming neighborhood within 10 minutes you are in the center of Amsterdam. The apartment offers a lovely lush balcony, a great place to sit outside with a blanket, lights and enjoy a good cup of coffee. You can reach us at all times via phone or the Airbnb app. We are in town, online and happy to assist. Take a stroll through our beautiful 'Erasmuspark' just around the corner or a lovely glass of wine before a play at the sunny terrace of our cultural theater 'Podium Mozaïek' at the other end of the ",Take a stroll through our beautiful 'Erasmuspark' just around the corner or a lovely glass of wine before a play at the sunny terrace of our cultural theater 'Podium Mozaïek' at the other end of the street... Plenty to enjoy in this green and relaxed district!,"Just around the corner you can find a tram stop called ‘Rijpstraat’. From here tram #14 will bring you to Dam Square where tram #12 can take you straight to the Vondelpark and Museum Square going towards the city centre.  Across the street a bit further up you can find a stop called ‘Karel Doormanstraat’ were tram #12 brings you straight to train station Sloterdijk. From station Sloterdijk you have easy access to Haarlem, Utrecht and Amsterdam Central Station by train.","House rules We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down. We kindly ask you to respect your neighbours; - No loud music after 22:00;  - No house parties;  - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mail man, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - Please do not smoke inside the apartment. - The use of drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - We guarantee a clean house when checking in. When checking out, please leave the apartment in as close to the same state as you found it, in order to avoid double cleaning charges; - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - Make sure you turn off the lights, heating and gas when these are not needed - please respect the environment;  - Please do not park your bikes directly in front of the apartment, but in a designated area only;  - Please be aware of the check in and check out times. Unless agreed otherwise, the standard check i"
