Sleeping in a museum-like accommodation with a gorgious canal view,"B & B De Baronie is situated in a 17th century canal house and offers a museum-like atmosphere. This B & B offers stylish suites with a cozy living area with TV, comfortable King size beds and private bathrooms. In the morning, a healthy breakfast is served in the dining room. You can relax on the Chesterfield sofa in the classic lounge and warm by the fireplace. In fine weather, you can sit in the small courtyard and enjoy the views of the canals. B & B De Baronie is located within walking distance of several restaurants, cafes and shops. The Nieuwmarkt metro stop is 5 minutes walk and Waterlooplein is 10 minutes walk away. Both Rembrandt Square and Dam Square are a 15-minute walk away. Central Station is a 10 minutes walk. ","Sleeping in a museum-like accommodation with a gorgious canal view B & B De Baronie is situated in a 17th century canal house and offers a museum-like atmosphere. This B & B offers stylish suites with a cozy living area with TV, comfortable King size beds and private bathrooms. In the morning, a healthy breakfast is served in the dining room. You can relax on the Chesterfield sofa in the classic lounge and warm by the fireplace. In fine weather, you can sit in the small courtyard and enjoy the views of the canals. B & B De Baronie is located within walking distance of several restaurants, cafes and shops. The Nieuwmarkt metro stop is 5 minutes walk and Waterlooplein is 10 minutes walk away. Both Rembrandt Square and Dam Square are a 15-minute walk away. Central Station is a 10 minutes walk.  Information and guidance available We are situated right in the city centre. Only 10 minutes walk from Central Station. All attractions can be reached on foot. Bus 200 meters away, train and trams ",We are situated right in the city centre. Only 10 minutes walk from Central Station. All attractions can be reached on foot.,"Bus 200 meters away, train and trams only 700 meters away.","No smoking! Pets welcome on request and for an additional fee. Arrivals after 21:00 will be charged with an extra € 25,- Breakfast is not included and costs € 17,50 a person."
