,"DeLuxe Appartment at Vondelpark Fully furnished spacious appartment with 4 meters high ceiling located at the Vondelpark in the very quiet and chique Willemsbuurt area. APPARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS : The house was built around 1900 but completely refurbished in 2006. There are 2 entrances, at the Koninginneweg with a staircase that leads you 1 floor up. At the backside, a private elevator takes you up to the apartment, this is very not-Amsterdam-like, you feel like being in New York ! The modern kitchen with center island has everything you need for your stay. Including induction cooking, combi oven, dishwasher and coffeemachine. (fresh beans included !) The bedroom sleeps 2, in a comfortable and big bed of 180 x 220. It has direct access to the luxurious and modern bathroom, with double sink, double rainshower and bathtub.  Bedlinen and towels are all included. Separate toilet. Washing machine and dryer are available. There is 1 bedroom located at the backside of the apartment that has acces","DeLuxe Appartment at Vondelpark Fully furnished spacious appartment with 4 meters high ceiling located at the Vondelpark in the very quiet and chique Willemsbuurt area. APPARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS : The house was built around 1900 but completely refurbished in 2006. There are 2 entrances, at the Koninginneweg with a staircase that leads you 1 floor up. At the backside, a private elevator takes you up to the apartment, this is very not-Amsterdam-like, you feel like being in New York ! The modern kitchen with center island has everything you need for your stay. Including induction cooking, combi oven, dishwasher and coffeemachine. (fresh beans included !) The bedroom sleeps 2, in a comfortable and big bed of 180 x 220. It has direct access to the luxurious and modern bathroom, with double sink, double rainshower and bathtub.  Bedlinen and towels are all included. Separate toilet. Washing machine and dryer are available. There is 1 bedroom located at the backside of the apartment that has acces",,,
