Beautiful light and spacious groundfloor apartment at a cozy courtyard in Old-West of Amsterdam including bikes. Amsterdam's greatest attractions are within walking distance.,The place is centrally located but still very quiet without any traffic because of the courtyard. It's a 95 m2 one bedroom apartment with one extra private room. The kitchen is fully equiped and adjacent to the living room. Bathroom has a separate shower and bath. ,"Beautiful light and spacious groundfloor apartment at a cozy courtyard in Old-West of Amsterdam including bikes. Amsterdam's greatest attractions are within walking distance. The place is centrally located but still very quiet without any traffic because of the courtyard. It's a 95 m2 one bedroom apartment with one extra private room. The kitchen is fully equiped and adjacent to the living room. Bathroom has a separate shower and bath.  Our guests can access everything except for one private room.  As long as we are in town, we can assist whenever necessary.  We find Old West the nicest area of Amsterdam. Its centrally located but quiet. It's between the Vondelpark and the Westerpark and you can walk to the museumdistrict. Moreover, the canals are within 5 minutes walking distance and there is lots of nice restaurants and cafe's just around the corner.  The apartment is easily accessible by public transport. There is a direct tram from Central Station to the apartment and the direct bu","We find Old West the nicest area of Amsterdam. Its centrally located but quiet. It's between the Vondelpark and the Westerpark and you can walk to the museumdistrict. Moreover, the canals are within 5 minutes walking distance and there is lots of nice restaurants and cafe's just around the corner. ",The apartment is easily accessible by public transport. There is a direct tram from Central Station to the apartment and the direct bus line from Schiphol airport stops at 10 min. walking distance. ,(Website hidden by Airbnb) not smoke in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) not wear heels in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) not have parties in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) not take pets  ...leave the apartment as you found it.  ...before checking out please take the bed linen off Thanks a lot!
