,"Our place is located in the heart of the most colorful and popular neighborhood of Amsterdam, de Pijp, around the corner from the Sarphatipark and Albert Cuijp market, the biggest market in Amsterdam. De Pijp has a high density of cafes, and lots of nice places to eat breakfast, lunch, or dinner. It is also situated at a stones throw from the river from which Amsterdam derives its name : the Amstel river. The Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, and Modern Art Museum, Opera House, as well as the city center are all within a short walking distance. Please tell us about your plans in Amsterdam beforehand, so we can give you some tips! The space is run by an artist family and their son. With three diversely styled rooms, all your own private space, decorated in a mix of design and comfort of the late 1800 building and eclectic furniture elements, we are offering you the perfect place to stay. Central, quiet, colorful.  If you are traveling with two people but do not want to share the same bed, t","Our place is located in the heart of the most colorful and popular neighborhood of Amsterdam, de Pijp, around the corner from the Sarphatipark and Albert Cuijp market, the biggest market in Amsterdam. De Pijp has a high density of cafes, and lots of nice places to eat breakfast, lunch, or dinner. It is also situated at a stones throw from the river from which Amsterdam derives its name : the Amstel river. The Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, and Modern Art Museum, Opera House, as well as the city center are all within a short walking distance. Please tell us about your plans in Amsterdam beforehand, so we can give you some tips! The space is run by an artist family and their son. With three diversely styled rooms, all your own private space, decorated in a mix of design and comfort of the late 1800 building and eclectic furniture elements, we are offering you the perfect place to stay. Central, quiet, colorful.  If you are traveling with two people but do not want to share the same bed, t",,,"No pets. Non-smoking. No guests allowed. We don't have a lot of rules, and don't really like them, but they can help build relationships, as we all come from different backgrounds :-)"
