"This light and spacious two-bedroom apartmen with rooftop is the perfect place to discover Amsterdam. Our 110m2 newly renovated (2014) home, situated in a lovely quiet street, is just a minute walk away from central Jordaan district.","We offer you our recently renovated apartment on the fourth and fifth floor of a historic 19th century building in a quiet beautiful street where the good things of the city are just around the corner (restaurants, coffee bars, bakery, supermarket, museum and the historical centre). We will provide you with maps and the latest information and non-tourist tips, which will give you all the ingredients for a great stay in Amsterdam for max. four people.","This light and spacious two-bedroom apartmen with rooftop is the perfect place to discover Amsterdam. Our 110m2 newly renovated (2014) home, situated in a lovely quiet street, is just a minute walk away from central Jordaan district. We offer you our recently renovated apartment on the fourth and fifth floor of a historic 19th century building in a quiet beautiful street where the good things of the city are just around the corner (restaurants, coffee bars, bakery, supermarket, museum and the historical centre). We will provide you with maps and the latest information and non-tourist tips, which will give you all the ingredients for a great stay in Amsterdam for max. four people. You will have your own set of keys. You will enter the building through a common door. Tram 3, just around the corner, will take you to Museumplein (van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum) in five mins. Tram 13 and 17, five min walk, bring you to Dam square and Central Station. Even bus 197 stops nearb",,"Tram 3, just around the corner, will take you to Museumplein (van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum) in five mins. Tram 13 and 17, five min walk, bring you to Dam square and Central Station. Even bus 197 stops nearby (Bus station Marnixstraat) and brings you to Schiphol. The historic centre is best by foot or bicycle (there is a bicycle rent around the corner). ","Since it is our own house and we don't smoke, smoking is not allowed inside in the house, if you do want to smoke, you can do so with a ashtray at either the balcony (please close the door) or the roof terrace. Be considered to our sweet neighbors; keep things quiet after 10pm and don't play music too loud. (if you like to have parties in the house, you can better choose another place to stay..)"
