"A 70 m2 apartment designed by a Dutch interior designer. The apartment is very suitable for couples or pairs. It has a lounge sofa, 2 persons bath tube, a small patio and a massive wooden table to have long diner discussions. Did you bring a bottle of wine? Where is it located?  10 (biking)minutes from Leidseplein 12 minutes from Van Gogh Museum 20 minutes from Jordaan District 2 minutes from Vondelpark 1 minute from the best Coffeeshop","The 75m2 is an apartment is an urban oasis - full of plants and wood. It will give you a sense of home amidst a vibrant city. It's located for you to arrive within 10 min from Schiphol Airport (unlike 45 min downtown), 10 min biking to Downtown/Jordaan district and located 400 meters from the Dutch Vondelpark.","A 70 m2 apartment designed by a Dutch interior designer. The apartment is very suitable for couples or pairs. It has a lounge sofa, 2 persons bath tube, a small patio and a massive wooden table to have long diner discussions. Did you bring a bottle of wine? Where is it located?  10 (biking)minutes from Leidseplein 12 minutes from Van Gogh Museum 20 minutes from Jordaan District 2 minutes from Vondelpark 1 minute from the best Coffeeshop The 75m2 is an apartment is an urban oasis - full of plants and wood. It will give you a sense of home amidst a vibrant city. It's located for you to arrive within 10 min from Schiphol Airport (unlike 45 min downtown), 10 min biking to Downtown/Jordaan district and located 400 meters from the Dutch Vondelpark. What else is there for you to enjoy? - A big Bath tub; comfortable for two  - A tajine pan if you want to try out moroccan cuisine - Books and world literature The apartment has a view on a square. located in the neighboorhoud De Baarsjes on the c",The apartment has a view on a square. located in the neighboorhoud De Baarsjes on the crossroads of Amsterdam Oud West en Amsterdam Zuid.,"How do you get there from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport: You take the train to station Amsterdam Lelylaan (7 min.). From there tram line 1/17 to Surinameplein (2 min) and then you walk 300 meters to Paramariboplein.  *** This is the cheapest, fastest and most comfortable way How to get to Downtown (Leidseplein): Tram line 1 Surinameplein 8 min. How to get to The Jordaan District: Tram line 17 Corantijnstraat 12 min.",1. No smoking and no drugs at all 2. No pets 3. No loud noises after 22:00 4. No parties. If you like to party I can show you all the best places:) 5. Taking shoes/high heels off at home 6. Leave the apartment as you found it:)
