"Just 5 minutes away from Amsterdam RAI convention center! Unique Architectural Experience in trendy Amsterdam neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. Stay in this newly renovated house with unique 'wooden box' design and garden: a perfect get-away for a couple to explore the city in full comfort. Additionally, the famous Albert Cuyp market is only one street away!","Details: Designed and renovated with our own hands, we would love to share our central Amsterdam home of high architectural allure with international travelers. The ground-floor apartment features an interior built in- and around a ‘wooden box'. If you're curious to find out what that is…. Well, you'll just have to come and experience it for yourself!  The typical old Amsterdam house was renovated in 2013 and includes a separate dining area in the front of the house and a living / lounge area at the back of the house overlooking the large, private garden. The master bedroom, shower, separate toilet as well as the kitchen are all connected through ‘the box'.  Out and about you find that everything you'll need is very close. Just 5 minutes away from Amsterdam RAI convention center! Supermarkets and all basic shops are around the corner (including the Albert Cuyp Market!). There are also a lot of great cafés and restaurants in the neighbourhood to have a drink, lunch or dinner. The tram s","Just 5 minutes away from Amsterdam RAI convention center! Unique Architectural Experience in trendy Amsterdam neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. Stay in this newly renovated house with unique 'wooden box' design and garden: a perfect get-away for a couple to explore the city in full comfort. Additionally, the famous Albert Cuyp market is only one street away! Details: Designed and renovated with our own hands, we would love to share our central Amsterdam home of high architectural allure with international travelers. The ground-floor apartment features an interior built in- and around a ‘wooden box'. If you're curious to find out what that is…. Well, you'll just have to come and experience it for yourself!  The typical old Amsterdam house was renovated in 2013 and includes a separate dining area in the front of the house and a living / lounge area at the back of the house overlooking the large, private garden. The master bedroom, shower, separate toilet as well as the kitchen are all connected t","De Pijp is vibrant and very much on its way up. As can be expected of an area that is centred on the nation’s most famous outdoor market: Albert Cuypmarkt, near to the Heineken brewery. This Amsterdam neighbourhood is famously diverse with over 100 nationalities represented. While still the best neighbourhood to choose from a wide selection of ethnic food, more high-end bars and restaurants have come on the scene to service students and young professionals. Further east along De Pijp there is the Van Woustraat, a former fast food strip, there are now several of the city’s more highly regarded restaurants. But perhaps most representative of the area is Bazar, a former church on the Albert Cuypmarkt that has been reinvented as a funky North African café/restaurant.",Tram 4 takes you to the city centre. The tram leaves 5 - 10 minutes away. Or you can rent a bike in a nearby bike rental. In this way you can go to every place in Amsterdam in no time!,"its a non-smoking apartment, but you can smoke in the garden."
