,"NEW YORK STYLE LOFT (100M2) AT PRINSENEILAND, RECENTLY RENOVATED, 3 BEDROOMS, BALCONY ÁND ROOF TERRACE, WALKING DISTANCE FROM JORDAAN, WESTERPARK, CENTRAL STATION. The spacious, bright loft (100m2) is situated in a monumental building on the top floor accessible by elevator. The interior is a mix of vintage design and new, with 5 meter high ceilings, 3 bedrooms on two levels, a fully equipped kitchen, a sunny balcony and a roof terrace. Six characteristic balcony doors with huge windows open to the balcony right above the canal that give you a spectacular view over the Prinseneiland even from the shower. When sitting on the balcony you see the boats floating by underneath you. The apartment has two bedrooms, plus one kid/baby bedroom and can accommodate up to 4 people. The guestroom and the kids bedroom are on the main floor, the master bedroom on the second. From here you can also enter the roof terrace from where you can view pretty much the entire of Amsterdam.  The apartment is sit","NEW YORK STYLE LOFT (100M2) AT PRINSENEILAND, RECENTLY RENOVATED, 3 BEDROOMS, BALCONY ÁND ROOF TERRACE, WALKING DISTANCE FROM JORDAAN, WESTERPARK, CENTRAL STATION. The spacious, bright loft (100m2) is situated in a monumental building on the top floor accessible by elevator. The interior is a mix of vintage design and new, with 5 meter high ceilings, 3 bedrooms on two levels, a fully equipped kitchen, a sunny balcony and a roof terrace. Six characteristic balcony doors with huge windows open to the balcony right above the canal that give you a spectacular view over the Prinseneiland even from the shower. When sitting on the balcony you see the boats floating by underneath you. The apartment has two bedrooms, plus one kid/baby bedroom and can accommodate up to 4 people. The guestroom and the kids bedroom are on the main floor, the master bedroom on the second. From here you can also enter the roof terrace from where you can view pretty much the entire of Amsterdam.  The apartment is sit",,,"- Check in can be flexible as long as there are no other guests  - Early check in between 10 am and 3 pm is only possible if the apartment is available and ready. For check in between 6 am and 10 am, we charge € 30 extra.  - We will provide one set of keys. If you loose a set, we will charge €100,- for replacing the lock and making new key cuts.  - The WIFI code will be provided in the appartment  - You may not smoke out on the balcony, or inside of the house.  - Please turn off all lights, heating and power when leaving the house.  - When leaving the house please always lock the door - Close the elevator door after use - Please be kind to the neighbors (no parties)  - Sheets, towels and handsoap are included  - Nespresso cups and tea, as well as other kitchen basics are provided - A baby cot can be provided on request - Please take care of our plants"
