,"The unique 'designer's own' loft apartment of 105 m2 is located in chique Amsterdam South. Close to RAI, Beatrixpark, Vondelpark, Beethovenstraat shopping and bar area and lively De Pijp, 10 min from Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk museums. 2 min from best French baker in town and Bagels and Beans coffe. Located on the 7th floor ( elevator present) allows fantastic views over Amsterdam skyline.  Consists of large loft living / dining / kitchen space with lots of light and art hanging on walls. Was published in design magazines. An 3,5m sliding wall allows for eventual separation and adding an extra sleeping place (2+2). Apartment is child friendly, child bed available on request. Sleeping room has large en-suite bathroom with shower and bath tub. Special feature is bathtub with a view on the skyline while taking a bath. Toilet is placed separately. West oriented balcony accessible from sleeping and living.  Kitchen is fully equipped with real espresso machine and combination oven. ","The unique 'designer's own' loft apartment of 105 m2 is located in chique Amsterdam South. Close to RAI, Beatrixpark, Vondelpark, Beethovenstraat shopping and bar area and lively De Pijp, 10 min from Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk museums. 2 min from best French baker in town and Bagels and Beans coffe. Located on the 7th floor ( elevator present) allows fantastic views over Amsterdam skyline.  Consists of large loft living / dining / kitchen space with lots of light and art hanging on walls. Was published in design magazines. An 3,5m sliding wall allows for eventual separation and adding an extra sleeping place (2+2). Apartment is child friendly, child bed available on request. Sleeping room has large en-suite bathroom with shower and bath tub. Special feature is bathtub with a view on the skyline while taking a bath. Toilet is placed separately. West oriented balcony accessible from sleeping and living.  Kitchen is fully equipped with real espresso machine and combination oven. ","The best French baker in town, Le Fournil du Sebastien,super  Marqt, walking distance to Vondelpark, Beatrixpark, De Pijp. Beautiful Amsterdam school architecture, very green neighbourhood. ",,"This is a home to me, treat is as your own."
