During ouw holidays we rent our study/guest room in a bright apartment in Amsterdam in a cosy neighborhood with lots nice bars and restaurants. As you’ll have to share the bathroom with my roommate we prefer a female guest. We enjoy having international guests and hope you enjoy Amsterdam!,"We offer a bedroom in a shared, topfloor apartment in Amsterdam.  The apartment is situated close to the Oosterpark and the Muiderpoort trainstation. The apartment has been renovated in 2012.  We don't smoke and I would prefere someone who doesn`t smoke either. The apartment has three bedrooms, ours, the bedroom of our roommate, a girl from Estonia and the study we are renting out sometimes. My girlfriend will be in Vietnam during this period, so you will be sharing the apartment with Katlin only. We have one bathroom, but two toilets. You have access to the whole apartment, except the other bedrooms.  The room has one double bed, so would be good for a couple or two friends who won't mind sharing the bed. As you’ll have to share the bathroom with my roommate we prefer a female guest. Electricity, water, washing machine and dryer is al included.  Internet is with a wifi glassfiber connection. If you are interested please contact me and tell me a bit about yourself. The address is Eerst","During ouw holidays we rent our study/guest room in a bright apartment in Amsterdam in a cosy neighborhood with lots nice bars and restaurants. As you’ll have to share the bathroom with my roommate we prefer a female guest. We enjoy having international guests and hope you enjoy Amsterdam! We offer a bedroom in a shared, topfloor apartment in Amsterdam.  The apartment is situated close to the Oosterpark and the Muiderpoort trainstation. The apartment has been renovated in 2012.  We don't smoke and I would prefere someone who doesn`t smoke either. The apartment has three bedrooms, ours, the bedroom of our roommate, a girl from Estonia and the study we are renting out sometimes. My girlfriend will be in Vietnam during this period, so you will be sharing the apartment with Katlin only. We have one bathroom, but two toilets. You have access to the whole apartment, except the other bedrooms.  The room has one double bed, so would be good for a couple or two friends who won't mind sharing th","lots of bars, shops, restaurants and public transport. Apartment is just in front Drovers dog, a nice little bar/restaurant of an Australian owner, Simon.","Nearby public transport and 50 meters from the bike-rental. 30 minutes by train from the airport, one stop over at central station or Duivendrecht trainstation. 6 minutes by public transport from Amsterdam Central train station (center)","no smoking/drugs, no other rules, just keep the room a little bit tidy. As you’ll have to share the bathroom with my roommate we prefer a female guest.  Enjoy the nice city!!"
