"Our newly renovated designer apartment is situated on a quiet yet central canal, near Waterlooplein, Artis Zoo and Carré Theater. With a spacious living room, a large dining room, 4 bedrooms and a garden, it's perfect for design-loving families.","Our apartment was recently renovated (2013) by a well known architect. The living space and dining room are spacious enough for everyone to enjoy themselves. The dining room has an open kitchen, with a large Italian stove (double oven, hot plate), a breakfast bar with designer stools, a large dining table that seats 8 people comfortably. From the dining room two doors open to our beautiful, spacious garden with custom built outdoor kitchen, sofa's, table and chairs to enjoy dinner outside. For the children we have a trampoline, swing and hammock. [Pictures will follow soon!] The living room connects to the dining room. It features two large couches, a built in fire place (electric), large Loewe tv-system, and a semi-seperate play room with toys for the children. Living room and dining room both have separate toilet spaces. The bedrooms are situated in the souterrain. We have 1 large children's room with two beds, tv and dvd, and Wii-computer. The other children's room is larger, and fe","Our newly renovated designer apartment is situated on a quiet yet central canal, near Waterlooplein, Artis Zoo and Carré Theater. With a spacious living room, a large dining room, 4 bedrooms and a garden, it's perfect for design-loving families. Our apartment was recently renovated (2013) by a well known architect. The living space and dining room are spacious enough for everyone to enjoy themselves. The dining room has an open kitchen, with a large Italian stove (double oven, hot plate), a breakfast bar with designer stools, a large dining table that seats 8 people comfortably. From the dining room two doors open to our beautiful, spacious garden with custom built outdoor kitchen, sofa's, table and chairs to enjoy dinner outside. For the children we have a trampoline, swing and hammock. [Pictures will follow soon!] The living room connects to the dining room. It features two large couches, a built in fire place (electric), large Loewe tv-system, and a semi-seperate play room with toys","Our apartment is on a typical Amsterdam Canal that's quiet yet central. We are around the corner of Carré Theater. Artis Zoo is a 5 minute walk. The hip shopping street Utrechtsestraat is a 10 minute walk, that you'll reach by crossing the famous skinny bridge. Waterlooplein is also a 10 minute walk away. We love our neighborhood because of the proximity of restaurants, bars and musea, without having to deal with the noise and chaos. Only steps away you'll find numerous good breakfast bars that serve great coffee.","Tram lines 6, 7 and 10 are nearby and all subway lines stop at Weesperplein, which is a few minutes away by foot. If you would arrive in Amsterdam by train, our apartment is just three stops by subway from Central Station.","This is our family home. We would like you to feel at home, but prefer to rent out to families and/or older guests."
