"Location, location, locatIon. Fully furnished, spacious room on the first floor of inner city apartment.  Huge windows give plenty of light and a view of the hustle and bustle of the city.  5 minutes walk from Central Station, and Dam Square.","Wooden parquet floors, marble mantelpiece, eclectic art and furniture - a mix of modern and baseline vintage.  I provide a double bed, bedding,  fresh towels and dressing gowns.  The room is large enough to lounge in, with a small table for two. The facilities are shared, but the large (downstairs) bathroom is big enough - with an awaiting bath after a long day's bike ride or tour of the city.     The one downside of an incredibly central location is that there is always the sound of the trams and the passers-by.  I no longer notice this 'sound-track', but for my guests I provide ear plugs.","Location, location, locatIon. Fully furnished, spacious room on the first floor of inner city apartment.  Huge windows give plenty of light and a view of the hustle and bustle of the city.  5 minutes walk from Central Station, and Dam Square. Wooden parquet floors, marble mantelpiece, eclectic art and furniture - a mix of modern and baseline vintage.  I provide a double bed, bedding,  fresh towels and dressing gowns.  The room is large enough to lounge in, with a small table for two. The facilities are shared, but the large (downstairs) bathroom is big enough - with an awaiting bath after a long day's bike ride or tour of the city.     The one downside of an incredibly central location is that there is always the sound of the trams and the passers-by.  I no longer notice this 'sound-track', but for my guests I provide ear plugs. Let me know your estimated time of arrival and I will try and be there with the key - otherwise I can arrange for you to pick up a key close by.   Because the ","City Centre The apartment is just a few minutes walk to the Central Station, and the first tram stop is at my door.   But the beauty of Amsterdam is best seen on foot, by boat (canal cruise boats are closeby, or try (EMAIL HIDDEN) for more personal service) or of course, by bike.  (There are several bike rentals on my street, including Yellow Bike over the road which also offers tours.)   The markets of the Jordaan are just minutes away, as is the amazing new EYE Film Museum just over the water (the 5 minute boat trip is free and continuous), the Anne Frank House, the Amsterdam Museum, and the bustling Red Light District.","Route Description:  Nieuwezijds Voorburgal 74, Amsterdam, 1012SE Trains every 15 minutes from Schiphol Airport - usually stopping 2 x on the way (Lelylaan and Sloterdijk).  Get off at Amsterdam Centraal - usually the final destination.  The trip takes less than 20 minutes and costs €5.10 (in coins or have your bankcard handy). Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 74 is 5 minutes walk from Centraal Station. Take the Western exit if you can find it (the sun sets to the West).  This is on the right-hand side as you face the city with the train station to your back. Cross over the main road at the lights (Prins Hendrixkade) and go straight ahead.  Follow the Martelaarrsgracht (Canal of the Martyrs), which splits into two at the corner with Hotel Nicolas; the Spui Straat goes to to the right, and my street, the Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal (New Side of the Front City Wall), goes to the left.  My apartment is just one and a half blocks down. This is one tram stop from the station if you have a lot of luggage:","I trust that you will feel at home in my home, but smoking is done outside."
