"In a nice and quiet neighborhood in Amsterdam you'll find my 75m2 ground floor apartment with 70m2 garden.  2 bedrooms (single and king size bed), AppleTV, PS3, WIFI and great equipped kitchen. Trams and busses are on a 1 minute walking distance and bring you anywhere in the city within a short time. The beautiful Vondelpark is just around the corner. The garden is big, quiet and very relaxed. There are lots of chairs and a table so you can sit back and relax.",It is a really comfortable place perfect for families and travellers who prefer some quietness just outside the touristy old center. The house's location is easy to reach and close to everything you want to see in this amazing city.,"In a nice and quiet neighborhood in Amsterdam you'll find my 75m2 ground floor apartment with 70m2 garden.  2 bedrooms (single and king size bed), AppleTV, PS3, WIFI and great equipped kitchen. Trams and busses are on a 1 minute walking distance and bring you anywhere in the city within a short time. The beautiful Vondelpark is just around the corner. The garden is big, quiet and very relaxed. There are lots of chairs and a table so you can sit back and relax. I'm always available through sms, calling and email. The neighbourhood is quiet, spacious and close to everything you need. All public transport that brings you anywhere into the city is within a minute walk, just like two major supermarkets and the Vondelpark is just around the corner. The connection to Schiphol Airport and highway is very easy and short. There is a childrens playground in the neighbourhood as well.","The neighbourhood is quiet, spacious and close to everything you need. All public transport that brings you anywhere into the city is within a minute walk, just like two major supermarkets and the Vondelpark is just around the corner. The connection to Schiphol Airport and highway is very easy and short. There is a childrens playground in the neighbourhood as well.",Tram 1 and 17 bring you to the old center and close to most tourist spots. Bus 15 takes you in 12 minutes to Station Amsterdam Zuid and also Station Amsterdam Lelylaan is just 10 minutes away. These two stations bring you to Schiphol Airport within 5 minutes. Parking spots are widly available in the street. Like in the rest of Amsterdam you need to pay. There are several Park&Ride locations available around the city where you can park your car for very little money. Best way to get around is public transport and bicycle. There are  bike rental options available close to my place.,- No loud talking late at night in the garden - Smoking of any sorts is prohibited in the garden
