"Dear guest, we like to welcome you on board. We renovated our old skippers deck-house into an authentic appartment with modern facilities (fridge, rainshower, induction cookplate) The wheel-house provides a view on the lock and the centre of the city",Our deck-house is having an authentic 1926 atmosphere with 2014 luxuries. The apartment suits a couple perfectly. We could provide sleeping facilities for children in the 'livingroom'.,"Dear guest, we like to welcome you on board. We renovated our old skippers deck-house into an authentic appartment with modern facilities (fridge, rainshower, induction cookplate) The wheel-house provides a view on the lock and the centre of the city Our deck-house is having an authentic 1926 atmosphere with 2014 luxuries. The apartment suits a couple perfectly. We could provide sleeping facilities for children in the 'livingroom'. The deck-house has a privat entrance through the wheel-house. You'll have a privat bathroom, toilet and kitchen. We wil share the outside terrace. Dinners on the terrace can be negotiated. We understand your wish to be by yourselves and like to share our favorite places in and around the city. Schellingwoude is a small village within the city ring of Amsterdam. You'll be able to stroll along the northern shores of the 'Y' and bike into the green fields of 'Waterland'. The city centre is at a 25 minute travel by foot/tram or bike. Parking is free in Schelling",Schellingwoude is a small village within the city ring of Amsterdam. You'll be able to stroll along the northern shores of the 'Y' and bike into the green fields of 'Waterland'. The city centre is at a 25 minute travel by foot/tram or bike.,"Parking is free in Schellingwoude. Tram 26 to IJburg/Central Station is just at the other side of the bridge at 10 minute walking distance. You can also take the 37 to Amstel Station, which will take you through the eastern 19th century suburbs of Amsterdam.",You will understand we like you to respect the tranquillity of our environment. Although you can play music in the deck-house. :) We do not smoke and the deck-house is absolutely non-smoking!
