"Free standing , max 4 guests & minimum stay 3 nights. Quiet, no traffic, free parking; 25 min cycling of Central Station; From P+R, 10 min per tram to CS. Eco-Supermarkt with excellent bakery on 300 m. Eco house: all electricity of wind private kitchen and terrace.","BedandBikeAmsterdam - Welcome to our stand alone house. It is constructed energy and water efficient,  in a classical Waterland style. Much privacy, silence, own entrance, free parking and, for a good sleep, no traffic noise!  Private bathroom, living/kitchen: microwave, hot plate, cooker hood, fridge, coffee machine . TV/radio, DVD player, Wifi, central heating. In the attic: 1 double and 1 single bed. A separate extra sleeping room (2 beds) available when 4 guests stay; small working table and cupboard. Plenty info on Amsterdam and surroundings incl books, maps, DVD. General books&music  CD's. Large garden with terrace,  barbeque, table , parasol. Parking is free of cost. Public transport to the city centre is nearby (1500 m) or 30 min by bike through scenic Schellingwoude and Nieuwendam with a harbour crossing by free ferry). By car only 10 minutes. Take a stroll, starting at the front door, get a breath of fresh air along the dykes of the IJsselmeer or the neighbouring waterlocks. ","Free standing , max 4 guests & minimum stay 3 nights. Quiet, no traffic, free parking; 25 min cycling of Central Station; From P+R, 10 min per tram to CS. Eco-Supermarkt with excellent bakery on 300 m. Eco house: all electricity of wind private kitchen and terrace. BedandBikeAmsterdam - Welcome to our stand alone house. It is constructed energy and water efficient,  in a classical Waterland style. Much privacy, silence, own entrance, free parking and, for a good sleep, no traffic noise!  Private bathroom, living/kitchen: microwave, hot plate, cooker hood, fridge, coffee machine . TV/radio, DVD player, Wifi, central heating. In the attic: 1 double and 1 single bed. A separate extra sleeping room (2 beds) available when 4 guests stay; small working table and cupboard. Plenty info on Amsterdam and surroundings incl books, maps, DVD. General books&music  CD's. Large garden with terrace,  barbeque, table , parasol. Parking is free of cost. Public transport to the city centre is nearby (1500","Quiet, village atmosphere, dead-end street at close distance to Amsterdam City Centre. Free parking. Public transport round the corner. Plenty opportunities for walking and biking, just from the frontdoor!  Foodshop for all daily needs, cafe/restaurant at 300 m.","The (free) bicycles (for adults and kids) constitute an ideal means of transport. Cars can be parked safely,  at no cost.","No pets, no smoking; please enjoy"
