"Elegante studio op de begane grond gelegen, geschikt voor 2 personen met een kleine romantische (gemeenschappelijke)  tuin. Het is rustig gelegen aan een park in een villawijk maar toch heel centraal naar Amsterdam City.  Privat Parking is mogelijk en de fietsen staan klaar!","This modern, bright, completely new, lovely apartment with a great view on the Park is suitable for only! two persons ( please don't ask and don't come with an extra person) The apartment is fitted with a double bed very comfortable and nice. A small but all you need kitchen fully equipped with all the appliances for cooking. The bathroom comes with walk-in rain shower, toilet and bath furniture as well  all toiletries. There is also free Wi-Fi, Flat screen TV, Free Parking spot and a little garden ( shared with us! :) Just a few minutes away from the Central City, Dam Square and Leidseplein. Very relaxing after a busy day shopping or visiting Musea. Nice to breath the fresh air, hear the birds singing and look at the nice view. The Apartment is only 10 minutes with metro to WTC and RAI, 15 min with train or metro to Schiphol and 20 minutes with tram to the Dam or central station. Amsterdam Center is an extremely popular destination because it combines the typical Dutch coziness with a","This modern, bright, completely new, lovely apartment with a great view on the Park is suitable for only! two persons ( please don't ask and don't come with an extra person) The apartment is fitted with a double bed very comfortable and nice. A small but all you need kitchen fully equipped with all the appliances for cooking. The bathroom comes with walk-in rain shower, toilet and bath furniture as well  all toiletries. There is also free Wi-Fi, Flat screen TV, Free Parking spot and a little garden ( shared with us! :) Just a few minutes away from the Central City, Dam Square and Leidseplein. Very relaxing after a busy day shopping or visiting Musea. Nice to breath the fresh air, hear the birds singing and look at the nice view. The Apartment is only 10 minutes with metro to WTC and RAI, 15 min with train or metro to Schiphol and 20 minutes with tram to the Dam or central station. Amsterdam Center is an extremely popular destination because it combines the typical Dutch coziness with a",,,"Do please ask if you want to see more and visit the Zaanse Schans, Madurodam or the Keukenhof maybe we can help you with tickets and transport.  We have also bikes available. Check-in from 14.00 hours Check-out till   12.00 hours (or later if we have no other guests) We assume that you appreciate our house rules: NO Drugs. NO Dogs. NO smoking in the rooms."
