"From December 26 thru January 2, minimum stay 4 nights Het aanbieden van een artistieke kijk op klassieke elegantie, dit appartement combineert stijlvol modern ingericht met hoge gestucte plafonds en renaissance-architectuur. Gratis WiFi en een wasserette aanwezig.","From December 26 thru January 2, minimum stay 4 nights Offering an artistic take on classic elegance, this apartment mixes stylish modern furnishings with high stuccoed ceilings and renaissance-style  architecture. Free Wi-Fi and laundry facilities are available. Enticingly mysterious, the bedroom offers a comfortable king-size bed, classical mirror and alluring colour scheme. Richly decorated with scarlet drapes, a chandelier and an open fireplace, the sunlit lounge features a double sofa bed and a large flat-screen TV 65 inch. The modern kitchen is fully-fitted, and the bathroom features a walk-in shower. Centrally located, the apartment is surrounded by nearby shops and restaurants. Concertgebouw, the world’s most visited concert hall, is just a 20-minute walk away. The nearest tram and bus stops are only a 2-minute walk away, providing easy access to the rest of the city and the airport. Guests can reach the heart of the city within 10 minutes walking or travelling 5 minutes by tra","From December 26 thru January 2, minimum stay 4 nights Het aanbieden van een artistieke kijk op klassieke elegantie, dit appartement combineert stijlvol modern ingericht met hoge gestucte plafonds en renaissance-architectuur. Gratis WiFi en een wasserette aanwezig. From December 26 thru January 2, minimum stay 4 nights Offering an artistic take on classic elegance, this apartment mixes stylish modern furnishings with high stuccoed ceilings and renaissance-style  architecture. Free Wi-Fi and laundry facilities are available. Enticingly mysterious, the bedroom offers a comfortable king-size bed, classical mirror and alluring colour scheme. Richly decorated with scarlet drapes, a chandelier and an open fireplace, the sunlit lounge features a double sofa bed and a large flat-screen TV 65 inch. The modern kitchen is fully-fitted, and the bathroom features a walk-in shower. Centrally located, the apartment is surrounded by nearby shops and restaurants. Concertgebouw, the world’s most visited",Bij aankomst vertel ik mijn gasten graag over de omgeving.,"By airplane;  From Schiphol airport: Take the train to Station Rai; At station Rai, take tram number 4. Stop at the Stadhouderskade.  From Schiphol airport: Take the train to Central Station; At Central station, take tram number 4. Stop at the Stadhouderskade, about 1 hour travel time  By car;  Amsterdam is one of the most expensive places in the world to park your car. The cheapest places to park your car are:  P+R Transferium, address: Stadionplein Olympic Stadium 44 or  P+R Amsterdam Arena Transferium address: Burg.Stramanweg (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) EP Amsterdam for € 8 a day.",Geen huisdieren. Geen drugs. Geen luide muziek. Gasten moeten het appartement verlaten in een schone staat. De host kan niet verantwoordelijk voor verloren of gestolen goederen of ongelukken en verwondingen die zich voordoen om de gasten op het terrein worden gehouden.
