"This ambient house is small but special. Bricolage, clay figures, and a free standing bathtub in the living room create  unique atmosphere. It is decorated in vivid, warm colors. You will find curiosa and interesting trainning amenities here.  The apartment is located on a ground floor of a 19th building, in an upcoming and central neighborhood. It is also conveniently located to discover city centre.  If you like authenticity, you will enjoy the house. Its ideal for a solo traveler or a couple.","You will use the whole apartment, with a garden. It has a good location, central yet quiet.   There is a living room with a (sitting) couch, a table with chairs, andbfree standing bath, one bedroom with a double matrass on wooden piles to sleep, a kitchen, toilet with shower, and a garden. In the living room, a large table, chairs, two yoga balls, a couch, a trainning bench and a free standing bath tub.  A small kitchen has a gas stove, fridge, coffee and tea appliences and a back-garden. It is perfect for a single traveler or a duo. Wi-Fi internet is available.  Clean sheets and towels are provided. Feel free to contact with queries and questions.  You will enjoy the house.","This ambient house is small but special. Bricolage, clay figures, and a free standing bathtub in the living room create  unique atmosphere. It is decorated in vivid, warm colors. You will find curiosa and interesting trainning amenities here.  The apartment is located on a ground floor of a 19th building, in an upcoming and central neighborhood. It is also conveniently located to discover city centre.  If you like authenticity, you will enjoy the house. Its ideal for a solo traveler or a couple. You will use the whole apartment, with a garden. It has a good location, central yet quiet.   There is a living room with a (sitting) couch, a table with chairs, andbfree standing bath, one bedroom with a double matrass on wooden piles to sleep, a kitchen, toilet with shower, and a garden. In the living room, a large table, chairs, two yoga balls, a couch, a trainning bench and a free standing bath tub.  A small kitchen has a gas stove, fridge, coffee and tea appliences and a back-garden. It is","There are many nice cafes, restaurants, coffeeshops, bakeries and shops in the neighborhood. From this location you can easily get to any major tourist attraction in Amsterdam but if you prefer more quiet atmosphere you can just enjoy the neighborhood.  The neighborhood is called Friederick Hendrikbuurt and was built in 19th century between de Singelgracht en de Kostverlorenvaart. It is located in the so called Westerpark area of Amsterdam, between Jordan and Old-West. ","The central station is reachable in 15 minutes with public transport. Biking takes about 10 minutes, walking -20. Historical neighborhood of Jordaan, with beautiful Westerkerk, Anne Frank Huis, Noorder Kerk with its saturday markets are on a walking distance.","You will be fully in charge of the house and can enjoy my garden as well as communal bigger garden, which is very beautiful in the summer with many flowers.   Please also note check in hours. It is between 2-4 pm. Please write in advance if you arrive outside those times."
