"Privately owned garden apartment, ground floor, near the center. NEW: BBQ, Ps3 & 40 inch Flatscreen The apartment -Attractive ground floor 50 m² apartment with a 30 m² well equipped garden. -The large bedroom has a 2 person kingsize bed mosquito net covered.","THE APARTMENT -Attractive ground floor 50 m² apartment with a 30 m² well equipped garden. -The large bedroom has a 2 person kingsize bed, surrounded with a practical, lovely looking mosquito net. Two more places to sleep on the large couch or airbeds, to place in de bedroom or the living room. -Washing machine, dishwasher, gasgrill, heater, toilet, shower available. -Likely staying within 1 mile, so available if needed. -Always to be reached by phone! -Just 25min from Schiphol airport by public transport. -Upcoming neighborhood perfectly situated to discover the city. 10 minutes from bar district Jordaan -Direct tramlines (1&17) around the corner to Leidseplein, Dam Square and Central Station. Five minutes walk to the Vondelpark and 15 min. to the museum quarter. Many trendy bars and restaurants in the neighborhood (e.g. Edel, Kostverloren, Fa. Speijkervet, Golden Brown, Barspek). -Large shopping streets around the corner (Kinkerstraat, JP Heijestraat). -Likely staying within 1 mile, s","Privately owned garden apartment, ground floor, near the center. NEW: BBQ, Ps3 & 40 inch Flatscreen The apartment -Attractive ground floor 50 m² apartment with a 30 m² well equipped garden. -The large bedroom has a 2 person kingsize bed mosquito net covered. THE APARTMENT -Attractive ground floor 50 m² apartment with a 30 m² well equipped garden. -The large bedroom has a 2 person kingsize bed, surrounded with a practical, lovely looking mosquito net. Two more places to sleep on the large couch or airbeds, to place in de bedroom or the living room. -Washing machine, dishwasher, gasgrill, heater, toilet, shower available. -Likely staying within 1 mile, so available if needed. -Always to be reached by phone! -Just 25min from Schiphol airport by public transport. -Upcoming neighborhood perfectly situated to discover the city. 10 minutes from bar district Jordaan -Direct tramlines (1&17) around the corner to Leidseplein, Dam Square and Central Station. Five minutes walk to the Vondelpark an","-Just 25min from Schiphol airport by public transport. -Upcoming neighborhood perfectly situated to discover the city. 10 minutes from bar district Jordaan -Direct tramlines (1&17) around the corner to Leidseplein, Dam Square and Central Station. Five minutes walk to the Vondelpark and 15 min. to the museum quarter. Many trendy bars and restaurants in the neighborhood (e.g. Edel, Kostverloren, Fa. Speijkervet, Golden Brown, Barspek). -Large shopping streets around the corner (Kinkerstraat, JP Heijestraat).","-Just 25min from Schiphol airport by public transport. -Upcoming neighborhood perfectly situated to discover the city. 10 minutes from bar district Jordaan -Direct tramlines (1&17) around the corner to Leidseplein, Dam Square and Central Station. Five minutes walk to the Vondelpark and 15 min. to the museum quarter. Many trendy bars and restaurants in the neighborhood (e.g. Edel, Kostverloren, Fa. Speijkervet, Golden Brown, Barspek). -Large shopping streets around the corner (Kinkerstraat, JP Heijestraat).",Just behave & enjoy!
