Perfect family home (100 m2) in center of Amsterdam with garden! Very suitable for a family with twins/ 2 kids. Everything you might need is there. Trams and buses stop right around the corner. During the summer of 2018 available from July 7 - August 30 with great discount for the entire period!,"2-floor apartment in center of Amsterdam. Downstairs: living room with open kitchen, bathroom, children's play room, garden. Upstairs: master bedroom with small balcony, bedroom for 2 children and toilet. Child friendly, as we have twins aged nearly 4 years old. Small garden, lovely to sit in at night or have a bbq! Center is two minutes walk! Everything is included: bunk beds for 2 kids, toys, high chairs for children to eat in, etc.  Public transport (buses and trams) is just around the corner! Supermarket and other shops are also around the corner (10 steps away).","Perfect family home (100 m2) in center of Amsterdam with garden! Very suitable for a family with twins/ 2 kids. Everything you might need is there. Trams and buses stop right around the corner. During the summer of 2018 available from July 7 - August 30 with great discount for the entire period! 2-floor apartment in center of Amsterdam. Downstairs: living room with open kitchen, bathroom, children's play room, garden. Upstairs: master bedroom with small balcony, bedroom for 2 children and toilet. Child friendly, as we have twins aged nearly 4 years old. Small garden, lovely to sit in at night or have a bbq! Center is two minutes walk! Everything is included: bunk beds for 2 kids, toys, high chairs for children to eat in, etc.  Public transport (buses and trams) is just around the corner! Supermarket and other shops are also around the corner (10 steps away). Wifi free of costs available. We will be traveling at this period, but have friends who are happy to help you with everything you","Location is very central, everything can be done on foot. Otherwise bikes are for rent nearby and buses/trams stop just around the corner. Quiet street. Lots of lunch rooms and restaurants in this neighborhood.",Getting around in Amsterdam couldn't be easier than from this house!,"We would really appreciate it if our guests (probably with small children) could take care of our beloved house as we do. Our twins would also thank you for treating their toys with care. Smoking is allowed, but preferably in the garden or on the balcony upstairs."
