"This cozy, 1930’s building up to date 70m2 apartment on the ground floor with a large garden is just a 5 minute bike-ride from the Vondelpark & 10 minutes form the center which makes it the perfect quiet, hang-out for some days in Amsterdam.",The apartment is a whisk away from the huzzle and buzzle and get tempted by a unique surrounding in green Amsterdam. Free WIFI! Located on a quiet but lively neighborhood on the ground floor you will find a harmonious apartment with a large garden. The master bedroom is where the sun rises every morning and where you can wake up with a nice Nespresso cappuccino or enjoy the garden for the afternoon sun a the big daybed outside.  This apartment has the following features: Bedroom: This spacious bedroom holds a king size bed bed and on the walls exclusive wallpaper. Next to the bed you will find a big cabinet to hold all of your clothes. On one side of the bed you will have plugs to charge your phone and at the end of the bed a comfortable chair. The windows can be closed with heavy curtains or with the roll-down shutter to make it really dark. Bathroom: From the bedroom you enter the hall were you find the bathroom with toilet and washing machine (Don't worry! there will always be some ,"This cozy, 1930’s building up to date 70m2 apartment on the ground floor with a large garden is just a 5 minute bike-ride from the Vondelpark & 10 minutes form the center which makes it the perfect quiet, hang-out for some days in Amsterdam. The apartment is a whisk away from the huzzle and buzzle and get tempted by a unique surrounding in green Amsterdam. Free WIFI! Located on a quiet but lively neighborhood on the ground floor you will find a harmonious apartment with a large garden. The master bedroom is where the sun rises every morning and where you can wake up with a nice Nespresso cappuccino or enjoy the garden for the afternoon sun a the big daybed outside.  This apartment has the following features: Bedroom: This spacious bedroom holds a king size bed bed and on the walls exclusive wallpaper. Next to the bed you will find a big cabinet to hold all of your clothes. On one side of the bed you will have plugs to charge your phone and at the end of the bed a comfortable chair. The","vondelpark, rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum, hoofddorpplein",parking and tram 2 min,
