,"This beautifully renovated apprtemnt on the second floor is in a cool and upcoming area and next to the amstel (great picknick location!). Its 65 M2 and has 1 spacious bedroom, for 2 pax. the house has 2 balconies. 1 french balcony in the front and a large balcony (including hammock, lounge chair and little dinner table!!) overlooking a private garden in the back. Sometimes you forget you are in a city!  Free wifi for my guests. Its a great appartment and spent 7 fantastic years here! In 2015 The whole appartment was re-done, so it feels new and fresh! What is there for you to use; You can use the entire appartment; bedroom (Kingsize bed!), bathroom, kitchen, nicely decorated living room, balcony ... its all yours ;) Dishwasher and washing machine at your service! Flatscreen tv and dvd player provided. What can you expect from me; I now live in Canada, but my lovely friend Robbert helps me welcoming guests! I have lived in Amsterdam for 7 years and worked in hospitality all my life, so","This beautifully renovated apprtemnt on the second floor is in a cool and upcoming area and next to the amstel (great picknick location!). Its 65 M2 and has 1 spacious bedroom, for 2 pax. the house has 2 balconies. 1 french balcony in the front and a large balcony (including hammock, lounge chair and little dinner table!!) overlooking a private garden in the back. Sometimes you forget you are in a city!  Free wifi for my guests. Its a great appartment and spent 7 fantastic years here! In 2015 The whole appartment was re-done, so it feels new and fresh! What is there for you to use; You can use the entire appartment; bedroom (Kingsize bed!), bathroom, kitchen, nicely decorated living room, balcony ... its all yours ;) Dishwasher and washing machine at your service! Flatscreen tv and dvd player provided. What can you expect from me; I now live in Canada, but my lovely friend Robbert helps me welcoming guests! I have lived in Amsterdam for 7 years and worked in hospitality all my life, so","Some great clubs (trouw), patios (hesp), coffee corners (bagels and beans) and restaurants (Volks Hotel) within a 3 minute walk of the house! Direct metro access to central station or zuid/wtc (1stop from schiphol) within 1 minute from the house.  From the house its a nice walk along the amstel river to the city centre (15 min).  You can park your car in the front; It's a bit expensive though. Its one of the best area's in amsterdam and love to live here already for 7 years! its safe and clean!",,"this is a non smoking house. nevertheless, you could smoke outside (with the doors closed) on the balcony. its not aloud to invite non-paying guests or use the appartement for any parties or events."
