,"A well equipped and attractive recently built quality studios in the centre of Amsterdam, with their own separate bathrooms and private entrance. The two studios (24 m2/ 80 square ft.) are located in the city centre in a pleasant environment. The windows provide lots of natural daylight. It’s a safe, secluded and a private place to stay, at walking distance from all the main attractions, such as Dam Square, the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum. Each studio is adequate for two quests.  Each studio has its own separate bathroom with shower, fridge, water cooker and microwave, cups, glasses and plates for drinks and breakfast and free WiFi Internet etc. There is a shared toilet for two rooms in the central hall. One of the studios has a kitchen, the other a kitchenette, both suited for preparing ready-made food yourself and your coffee and tea. (Taxes are included). NO extra charges for the second person.  We don't serve breakfast. In the room you have facilities to prepare breakfast a","A well equipped and attractive recently built quality studios in the centre of Amsterdam, with their own separate bathrooms and private entrance. The two studios (24 m2/ 80 square ft.) are located in the city centre in a pleasant environment. The windows provide lots of natural daylight. It’s a safe, secluded and a private place to stay, at walking distance from all the main attractions, such as Dam Square, the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum. Each studio is adequate for two quests.  Each studio has its own separate bathroom with shower, fridge, water cooker and microwave, cups, glasses and plates for drinks and breakfast and free WiFi Internet etc. There is a shared toilet for two rooms in the central hall. One of the studios has a kitchen, the other a kitchenette, both suited for preparing ready-made food yourself and your coffee and tea. (Taxes are included). NO extra charges for the second person.  We don't serve breakfast. In the room you have facilities to prepare breakfast a",,,"House Rules:  B&B Excellent Rooms Old Centre Amsterdam Address: Nieuwe Looiersstraat (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) VB Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Welcome in our house and we wish you a very pleasant stay in Amsterdam The rooms will be cleaned with new towels after 3 days of use. If necessary on demand new sheets are possible. There is free WiFi internet with a key.  Visitors pay in advance and show a valid passport of which a copy will be made by the registration. When a key get lost the user has to pay € 50,-. Check out time of 10.00 AM, the day of leaving.  It is absolutly not allowed to smoke in the rooms nor in or in front of the building. And it is not allowed to uses any form of open fire or fireworks. We expect you to keep the rooms accurate. Kitchen with dishes, coffee and the cups is available. It is allowed to bring food in the room and prepare your own breakfast or lunch as prepared food. No facility for full cooking like stove are available, but micro wave is there. It is"
