You want to stay at a very special place to visit Amsterdam?  Then choose my houseboat at the Amstel River in Amsterdam. Many visitors have recommended this place the last years and they were really happy. So please start reading the comments?,"Your opportunity for special visit to Amsterdam.  Exclusive designed houseboat on the Amstel river.  This houseboat on the Amstel river (140 m2) is one of the most beautiful spots in Amsterdam: it is near the city center, within walking distance of the most beautiful canals of Amsterdam, Rembrandt Square, the real Amsterdam Albert Cuyp market, many good restaurants and most fun shops in the Utrechtsestraat. Decorated like a huge loft with impressive entrance, living room (TV/radio), dining room, kitchen (6 burner stove / oven / microwave / coffee-machine). Bedroom with double bed (180 x 200), large bathroom with separate shower and two person jacuzzi and toilet. There is a  terrace right on the river. Heated by central heating with underfloor heating. Wifi available. NUMBER OF PERSONS Suitable for 2 people. Not suitable for small children or pets. SMOKING / NON SMOKING No smoking (only on balcony) LOCATION AND SURROUNDINGS Amsterdam Center is an extremely popular destination because it","You want to stay at a very special place to visit Amsterdam?  Then choose my houseboat at the Amstel River in Amsterdam. Many visitors have recommended this place the last years and they were really happy. So please start reading the comments? Your opportunity for special visit to Amsterdam.  Exclusive designed houseboat on the Amstel river.  This houseboat on the Amstel river (140 m2) is one of the most beautiful spots in Amsterdam: it is near the city center, within walking distance of the most beautiful canals of Amsterdam, Rembrandt Square, the real Amsterdam Albert Cuyp market, many good restaurants and most fun shops in the Utrechtsestraat. Decorated like a huge loft with impressive entrance, living room (TV/radio), dining room, kitchen (6 burner stove / oven / microwave / coffee-machine). Bedroom with double bed (180 x 200), large bathroom with separate shower and two person jacuzzi and toilet. There is a  terrace right on the river. Heated by central heating with underfloor hea",The location on the river Amstel makes your stay unique. The houseboat is very close to the center. Good connections to all part of the city.,"Metrostation , tram and bus at 5 min walking distance.  Bikes for rent around the corner.  Small boats for rent nearby, close in the neighbourhood.",De woonboot is ingericht als een grote open loft en daardoor niet geschikt voor kleine kinderen of huisdieren.
