,"LOCATION The apartment is located in Amsterdam's most popular area De Pijp, adjacent to the city centre. World famous museums, nightlife or shopping - everything is right there within walking distance.  If you take a left you'll immediately be walking along the endless row of unique shops, cafes and delicious restaurants De Pijp is filled with.  Take a right and you'll enter the city centre. You're on 5 min walking distance from Leidseplein and the museum district (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum). Holland's most exclusive shopping can be done there as well in the P.C. Hooftstraat. The Heineken Brewery and Experience is our direct neighbor. Central Station is 10 min by tram. Tram stops right next to our building.  APARTMENT In this comfortable and stylishly decorated apartment you'll find everything you need; Building - Camera security - Lift - Clean, safe and quiet Living room - Flatscreen Television (cable tv) - Awesome sound system for TV, DVD, vinyl or your own iP","LOCATION The apartment is located in Amsterdam's most popular area De Pijp, adjacent to the city centre. World famous museums, nightlife or shopping - everything is right there within walking distance.  If you take a left you'll immediately be walking along the endless row of unique shops, cafes and delicious restaurants De Pijp is filled with.  Take a right and you'll enter the city centre. You're on 5 min walking distance from Leidseplein and the museum district (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum). Holland's most exclusive shopping can be done there as well in the P.C. Hooftstraat. The Heineken Brewery and Experience is our direct neighbor. Central Station is 10 min by tram. Tram stops right next to our building.  APARTMENT In this comfortable and stylishly decorated apartment you'll find everything you need; Building - Camera security - Lift - Clean, safe and quiet Living room - Flatscreen Television (cable tv) - Awesome sound system for TV, DVD, vinyl or your own iP",,,
