"Truly at the heart of Amsterdam we offer our great and spacious apartment, centrally situated, just a 5 minutes walk from Dam Square, in between Nieuwmarkt and Waterlooplein. Complete comfort in a monumental renovated 115m2 first floor apartment.  Entrance immediately in the living area including an open kitchen, two bedrooms and two bathrooms.  No sharing, it will be all for you! There is immediate access from the central living area but it is also connected to both of the bedrooms with enclosed bathrooms. Both bedrooms are around 20M2 and both have a bathroom. One is a bit bigger with toilet and bath, other one has a toilet and shower.  Kitchen is well equipped. It includes a refrigerator-freezer, an oven, microwave, cooker and dishwasher. There is all kind of cookware and kitchen utensils. Next to the kitchen is a table with 6 chairs. The living is in the front of the house. There is LCD HD television with DVD-player (and a whole range of movies), a music installation and wireless i",,"Truly at the heart of Amsterdam we offer our great and spacious apartment, centrally situated, just a 5 minutes walk from Dam Square, in between Nieuwmarkt and Waterlooplein. Complete comfort in a monumental renovated 115m2 first floor apartment.  Entrance immediately in the living area including an open kitchen, two bedrooms and two bathrooms.  No sharing, it will be all for you! There is immediate access from the central living area but it is also connected to both of the bedrooms with enclosed bathrooms. Both bedrooms are around 20M2 and both have a bathroom. One is a bit bigger with toilet and bath, other one has a toilet and shower.  Kitchen is well equipped. It includes a refrigerator-freezer, an oven, microwave, cooker and dishwasher. There is all kind of cookware and kitchen utensils. Next to the kitchen is a table with 6 chairs. The living is in the front of the house. There is LCD HD television with DVD-player (and a whole range of movies), a music installation and wireless i",,,
