"Experience unique Amsterdam canal side living in our awesome, light filled apartment. There is so much space! Enjoy easy access to the sights and fun of the city all the while having a peaceful refuge at the end of the day.","You can find our beautiful apartment on the first floor of a former cookie factory, on the edge of the hip Westerpark and bustling Jordaan districts.  The unique, 180 m2 space, with its stunning 4m high ceiling, offers all you need for a comfortable stay and is ideal for singles, couples or business travellers.  The apartment has an abundance of light and space. It comes with a fully furnished open kitchen, dining and lounge area. The bathroom has a fantastic shower, and nice deep bath.  The bedroom is located in an architecturally designed loft space, is peaceful and has a comfortable double bed.  This contemporary place is located on the only so-called ""fixed mast waterway"" in Amsterdam. On a summer evening you can throw open the french doors, sit back with a cocktail and watch the sail boats go by.","Experience unique Amsterdam canal side living in our awesome, light filled apartment. There is so much space! Enjoy easy access to the sights and fun of the city all the while having a peaceful refuge at the end of the day. You can find our beautiful apartment on the first floor of a former cookie factory, on the edge of the hip Westerpark and bustling Jordaan districts.  The unique, 180 m2 space, with its stunning 4m high ceiling, offers all you need for a comfortable stay and is ideal for singles, couples or business travellers.  The apartment has an abundance of light and space. It comes with a fully furnished open kitchen, dining and lounge area. The bathroom has a fantastic shower, and nice deep bath.  The bedroom is located in an architecturally designed loft space, is peaceful and has a comfortable double bed.  This contemporary place is located on the only so-called ""fixed mast waterway"" in Amsterdam. On a summer evening you can throw open the french doors, sit back with a cock","The location is excellent (if I say so myself!)   We are an easy 10 min bus ride from Amsterdam Central station. The Westerpark, location for many concerts and summer events is a short walk away. On the Hugo de Grootplein you find several bars and cafe's, supermarket, baker, chemist and ATM (cash machine). In the Jordaan you'll find many bars, restaurants, boutiques and galleries.","All the famous museums and other attractions are within walking distance, and for when those feet get tired we are very close to a stop for trams 3 and 10.  There are several bike hire places nearby.","Please treat our house with respect.  This is our home, we hope you enjoy your stay, and respect our property. No smoking please. No pets."
