"Our light ground floor apartment with backyard and fantastic water view is located in a quiet neighborhood and close to Schiphol, RAI and on walking distance of the Museum Quarter and three parks. Shops and lots of great restaurants within minutes. ","This house (95 m2) is very well situated in neighborhood the Pijp. Close to everything and at the same time really quiet and peaceful. We have 3 little boys, so our house is well equipped for families. We have a nice little garden with a hammock and the children can go out of their mind on the trampoline. Special: the light and the open spaces You are welcome to use everything, including computers and bikes (also delivery bike) Contact us for appointments and keys Plus-points: the parcs, the water, the atmosphere, the Pijp-neighbourhood How to get there: Tram 3 and 12. Train: Rai of South WTC-station both at 20 minutes walking distance","Our light ground floor apartment with backyard and fantastic water view is located in a quiet neighborhood and close to Schiphol, RAI and on walking distance of the Museum Quarter and three parks. Shops and lots of great restaurants within minutes.  This house (95 m2) is very well situated in neighborhood the Pijp. Close to everything and at the same time really quiet and peaceful. We have 3 little boys, so our house is well equipped for families. We have a nice little garden with a hammock and the children can go out of their mind on the trampoline. Special: the light and the open spaces You are welcome to use everything, including computers and bikes (also delivery bike) Contact us for appointments and keys Plus-points: the parcs, the water, the atmosphere, the Pijp-neighbourhood How to get there: Tram 3 and 12. Train: Rai of South WTC-station both at 20 minutes walking distance computers, bikes, delivery bikes and the house and garden Netflix account for nice movies. Apple airplay t","Beatrixpark en Sarphatipark, watch the boats in front of our house, Albert Cuypmarkt, the 'Pijp'","Tram 3 and 12  Treinstations Rai, ZuidWTC en Amstel (Amstel via tram 12)","Respect the neighbours, not too much noice No smoking!! No drugs at all. Always lock the door and the bikes! Be sweet for Soul and take good care of him (black cat)."
