Great house for a comfortable stay in the center of Amsterdam. Walking distance to the Rijksmuseum & van Goghmuseum. Public transportation just around the corner. The house has all the convenience. Enjoy a BBQ in the sunny garden. Very child friendly with a trampoline!,"Beautiful typical Dutch house in the ground floor right in the museum district! The main museums are right around the corner! The house is fully equipped for a comfortable stay! The Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk museum and the van Gogh museum, all showing art from the Dutch greatest painters, are only 5 minute walking distance! Also the city centre with the canals en little Amsterdam houses are all around you. Public transportation is also just around the corner. There are many nice restaurants very close. We will provide a description for all activities and locations in the house. The house is an old Amsterdam house wich is fully renovated with all modern equipment. The kitchen is equiped with dishwasher, large fridge and everything you need for any comfort. There is a dubble shower and bubbelbath. U can use the washmachine and dryer. There are two large bedrooms. One is situated in the back with a balcony, the birds will wake you up in the morning! The other room is decorated for our da","Great house for a comfortable stay in the center of Amsterdam. Walking distance to the Rijksmuseum & van Goghmuseum. Public transportation just around the corner. The house has all the convenience. Enjoy a BBQ in the sunny garden. Very child friendly with a trampoline! Beautiful typical Dutch house in the ground floor right in the museum district! The main museums are right around the corner! The house is fully equipped for a comfortable stay! The Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk museum and the van Gogh museum, all showing art from the Dutch greatest painters, are only 5 minute walking distance! Also the city centre with the canals en little Amsterdam houses are all around you. Public transportation is also just around the corner. There are many nice restaurants very close. We will provide a description for all activities and locations in the house. The house is an old Amsterdam house wich is fully renovated with all modern equipment. The kitchen is equiped with dishwasher, large fridge and ","Quiet neighborhood, friendly people, city centre","It takes about 20 minutes from the airport with a taxi. I will cost approximatly 35,- euro. You can also take a train from Schiphol airport  to amsterdam zuid WTC. That will take 10 minutes. At station Amsterdam Zuid you take tram 5. This trip by public transportation will take 25 minutes.","No parties, smoking outside, treat out house like you would treat your own."
