Comfortable quiet childfriendly appartment (100m2) on the upper 2 floors with a view on the Erasmuspark and a 30m2 rooftop-terrace at the back. Situated in a bustling neigbourhood close to various public transport options to go to central (10 min).,"The appartment is very quiet and has enough outdoor with a balcony, a rooftop terrace and a park in front of the house. We have all the facilities to cater for yourself (good espressomachine!) and the location is a great start to both explore the city centre as well as this area, an authentic Amsterdam trendy and multicultural district. The neighboorhood offers both traditional shops as hip and trendy cafeś and restaurants. ","Comfortable quiet childfriendly appartment (100m2) on the upper 2 floors with a view on the Erasmuspark and a 30m2 rooftop-terrace at the back. Situated in a bustling neigbourhood close to various public transport options to go to central (10 min). The appartment is very quiet and has enough outdoor with a balcony, a rooftop terrace and a park in front of the house. We have all the facilities to cater for yourself (good espressomachine!) and the location is a great start to both explore the city centre as well as this area, an authentic Amsterdam trendy and multicultural district. The neighboorhood offers both traditional shops as hip and trendy cafeś and restaurants.  There are three supermarkets nearby and various pubs, restaurants and bars, including one in the child-friendly park. There is a market every saturday on the Bos en Lommerplein. The Bos en Lommerweg hosts an eco-supermarket, deli's, bagels&beans, pizza-places and various smaller eateries. Trendy coffeeshops and pop-up st","There are three supermarkets nearby and various pubs, restaurants and bars, including one in the child-friendly park. There is a market every saturday on the Bos en Lommerplein. The Bos en Lommerweg hosts an eco-supermarket, deli's, bagels&beans, pizza-places and various smaller eateries. Trendy coffeeshops and pop-up stores can be found on the Jan Evertsenstraat, 50m walk from our appartment, on the corner, there is a great pizza take-away spot (eat in the park or at the roof terrace!)","There are busstops, trams and metro around the corner that bring you to the centre of Amsterdam in 10 minutes, or you could go Dutch-style and rent a bike (available within 2 minutes walking).","No smoking inside, no pets allowed and don't throw parties in the appartment as our neighbours are keen on their nightsleep-:)"
