"This 150 sqm 1903 townhouse with a 80 sqm South facing garden is in the east of Amsterdam. 15 minutes from the centre by our free bikes or tram. Ideal for families! Quiet neighborhood with lots of families & kids, we host max 4 adults.","This 1903 townhouse with garden is in the east of Amsterdam and covers 140 m2 inside and offers a 80m2 South facing garden. We have kept the characteristics of this beautiful old house intact, but renovated it in such a way that it is spacious, modern and practical. Fifteen minutes from the centre by our free bikes or tram. Tram 9 stops at a 1 minute walk from our house. Ideal for families! Quiet neighborhood with lots of families & kids, yet only 15 minutes from the city centre.  At the ground floor, you'll find a well equipped design kitchen with refrigerator, dishwasher, double oven and espresso machine. We love cooking, so good equipment (knives, pans, utensils etc) is all there. In the large ensuite room you will find a dining table serving 8-10 persons. In winter, autumn and spring you can light a fire in our Norwegian wood burner. Woodblocks available. The other end of the ensuite living room is for relaxing and watching TV. Upstairs are 4 bedrooms (3 double bedrooms, and 1 sing","This 150 sqm 1903 townhouse with a 80 sqm South facing garden is in the east of Amsterdam. 15 minutes from the centre by our free bikes or tram. Ideal for families! Quiet neighborhood with lots of families & kids, we host max 4 adults. This 1903 townhouse with garden is in the east of Amsterdam and covers 140 m2 inside and offers a 80m2 South facing garden. We have kept the characteristics of this beautiful old house intact, but renovated it in such a way that it is spacious, modern and practical. Fifteen minutes from the centre by our free bikes or tram. Tram 9 stops at a 1 minute walk from our house. Ideal for families! Quiet neighborhood with lots of families & kids, yet only 15 minutes from the city centre.  At the ground floor, you'll find a well equipped design kitchen with refrigerator, dishwasher, double oven and espresso machine. We love cooking, so good equipment (knives, pans, utensils etc) is all there. In the large ensuite room you will find a dining table serving 8-10 per",See Reisgids (Travel guide) for detailed info about the neighborhood!,1 min walk to tram 9 (to centre and central station) and to buses going to Amstel train station. 5 min bicycle (15 min walk) to Amstel train station,Please treat our house as you would treat your own! That's all we ask. We have been hosting since 2005 and have never had any problems. Feed the cat at least every 2 days and it will sit on your lap purring! The cat goes outside using it's own (electronic) cat door.
