"If you're looking for a comfortable place to stay and want to enjoy the liveliness but also the residential side of Amsterdam, this house is exactly what you are looking for!Located 5 min.walk from most hot spots like canals, vGoghmuseum& Vondelpark.","This unique 3/4-bedroom apartment - a town house dating from the 1890s’ with original details but also with all the modern luxury you desire - is quite big with 2 floors. The house is perfect for a family with up to 3 kids or one/two couple(s) The ground floor has an open kitchen, dining room and living room with double doors opening to a porch and garden with lounge furniture and BBQ and garden fireplace.  Upstairs are 4 bedrooms; 2 adult bedrooms with a double bed 180 x 200 and balcony on garden side and one french balcony on the frontside. Also 2 children rooms with one bed with a small stairs ‘high sleeper’ sized 70 x 160 and another bedroom with small bed 80 x 170.  -Bathroom including two rain showers and a large bath - Floor radiation heating -2 toilets -New kitchen with the usual modern equipment - washing & drying machine -Great garden -Wifi Internet -2 Flatscreen televisions (living room and master bedroom), Apple TV&Netflix- Espresso machine - biological supermarket, salad j","If you're looking for a comfortable place to stay and want to enjoy the liveliness but also the residential side of Amsterdam, this house is exactly what you are looking for!Located 5 min.walk from most hot spots like canals, vGoghmuseum& Vondelpark. This unique 3/4-bedroom apartment - a town house dating from the 1890s’ with original details but also with all the modern luxury you desire - is quite big with 2 floors. The house is perfect for a family with up to 3 kids or one/two couple(s) The ground floor has an open kitchen, dining room and living room with double doors opening to a porch and garden with lounge furniture and BBQ and garden fireplace.  Upstairs are 4 bedrooms; 2 adult bedrooms with a double bed 180 x 200 and balcony on garden side and one french balcony on the frontside. Also 2 children rooms with one bed with a small stairs ‘high sleeper’ sized 70 x 160 and another bedroom with small bed 80 x 170.  -Bathroom including two rain showers and a large bath - Floor radiati","We live in the heart of the city. We love it, you are within a few minutes walk from all Amsterdam hot spots; cultural, culinary, design and fashion! Countless cafés and bars, dining options from around the world. The largest concentration of restaurants, bars, cafés and shops can be found just around the corner on a 30 second walk from the house. It will take you no more than a 5 minute walk to get to the Vondelpark (where you can start your day with a refreshing run around the park) and the canals like the Prinsengracht. Leidseplein and Museum square are a 7-10 minute walk from the house, here you will find the Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum and the Concert Hall and also luxury shopping area PC Hooftstraat. You reach the Anne Frank House and the Jordaan area in a 15 minute beautiful walk along the canals.","Public transport (1 minute walk) will take you just about anywhere you would like to go. By taxi or train the house is easily reached from Schiphol Airport (20 minute drive). Parking in Amsterdam can be difficult/costly without permit. If you come by car or need a car please let us know, so we can advice you.","No Smoking inside. No pets.  No parties (after midnight). Although we are in central Amsterdam, our street is also a residential area. We need to be sure that we will keep relations with neighbors solid. Hope you will understand! Just around the corner there are many great possibilities to have a good time."
