"Fully equipped, cozy family apartment. With 3 bedrooms in a souterrain (basement with windows). Small garden, wifi, bikes in front of the house and 5 real beds to sleep in. One big bed for 2 people and 4 single beds.","Lovely family house in Amsterdam. Only 10 min by bike or tram from the city centre. Big open living room with modern kitchen. Small garden with trampoline. In the basement (with windows) there are three bedrooms. All rooms sleep 2 people, so in total 6. Bathroom with bath. Digital tv and wifi. Loads of toys for kids to play with and bikes you can use. The area we live in  is quiet. There is a supermarket a cross the road and we live next to the Westerpark. A cultural park with lots of restaurants a cinema, playgrounds and festivals. We have a box full of maps a lonely planet biking tours and tons of information on Amsterdam. If you like I can always do some research if you have special interests. Theres is a tram stop around the corner that will bring you straight to the city centre. Our house is perfect for family's or bigger groups of people.","Fully equipped, cozy family apartment. With 3 bedrooms in a souterrain (basement with windows). Small garden, wifi, bikes in front of the house and 5 real beds to sleep in. One big bed for 2 people and 4 single beds. Lovely family house in Amsterdam. Only 10 min by bike or tram from the city centre. Big open living room with modern kitchen. Small garden with trampoline. In the basement (with windows) there are three bedrooms. All rooms sleep 2 people, so in total 6. Bathroom with bath. Digital tv and wifi. Loads of toys for kids to play with and bikes you can use. The area we live in  is quiet. There is a supermarket a cross the road and we live next to the Westerpark. A cultural park with lots of restaurants a cinema, playgrounds and festivals. We have a box full of maps a lonely planet biking tours and tons of information on Amsterdam. If you like I can always do some research if you have special interests. Theres is a tram stop around the corner that will bring you straight to the c",This is a quiet neighbourhood perfect for families. Lots of green and playgrounds. But also not to fare away from the city. The westerpark is great for all ages and all activities.,there's a tram stop in front of our door (number 12) that will take you near the center. You can change trams to number 14 and that one will take you straight to the center.,"Please mind our neighbours. No smoking inside the house. You are to leave the house as you found it when you entered. If you dont want to do the cleaning yourself we can arrange that  a cleaning lady will do the cleaning, ofcourse at your expense."
