My spacious house with a patio  is located just outside the city center of A'dam. The quiet neighbor hood has a direct connection to the Center (Tram 2). The house has a new kitchen + bathroom and can host 4 people very comfortably. There is a fully equipped open kitchen. There is an indoor rowing machine. There is a comfortable waterbed. My friend Jim will bring you to the Airport Schiphol for a special price. There is free parking next to the house. You can use my bike.,"The house is very spacious and completely to the guests disposal, meaning the guests have access to all the rooms of the house. On the first floor there is a king-size waterbed and with a luxurious bathroom (new!). Also there is a large bedroom on the ground-floor with two single beds. ","My spacious house with a patio  is located just outside the city center of A'dam. The quiet neighbor hood has a direct connection to the Center (Tram 2). The house has a new kitchen + bathroom and can host 4 people very comfortably. There is a fully equipped open kitchen. There is an indoor rowing machine. There is a comfortable waterbed. My friend Jim will bring you to the Airport Schiphol for a special price. There is free parking next to the house. You can use my bike. The house is very spacious and completely to the guests disposal, meaning the guests have access to all the rooms of the house. On the first floor there is a king-size waterbed and with a luxurious bathroom (new!). Also there is a large bedroom on the ground-floor with two single beds.  Every space, the whole house, patio and roof is at the guests disposal. Marie Efthimiou your host, the owner of the house will not (Website hidden by Airbnb) present during the guests stay, The guests will interact with  me via the Air","The neighborhood is clean, quiet and green. Close to nature and the center. The public Transport is excellent. The next village from Nieuw-Sloten is Oud-Sloten there is an original Dutch working windmill to visit. You will find a snackbar there with the best frites/patat from Amsterdam. From the center of Amsterdam there is a boat that brings you to Oud-Sloten if you like. From there you can reach the house in Nieuw-Sloten in 10 minutes!",Getting around is very easy!,"The guests have to leave the house tidy! Everything can be used but has to be put back at the same place. Dirty dishes can be left in the dishwasher. If you finish things like tea, coffee, dishwasher tablets, food in the cupboards etc. please replace it."
