Our charming suite with sitting/sleeping area comfortably fits 2-4 pers. Located in our farmhouse @ 10 mins driving from city centre. Enjoy the countryside and the city centre. Breakfast included. Excellent free wifi. Nice garden with playground.,"The Suite:  A lofty 65m2 peaceful room with a sleeping and a living area and free WiFi. The sleeping area has a comfortable double bed, a shower and a wash basin. The living area has a sofa, TV, CD set, a sofa bed (for 2 extra people/children), a dining table, a refrigerator (minibar) and a water boiler. The room is on the first floor (one stairs up); your private toilet is on the ground floor. The room offers a great view over the surrounding farmland.  The B&B:  A beautifully reconstructed former farm with a large garden, just 10 minutes from Amsterdam City centre. The house is located in Ransdorp, a typical Dutch village with characteristic wooden houses set around a monumental tower; where circa 1645 Rembrandt made many drawings. The town is called the 'Garden of Amsterdam'.  The Location Waterland: Ransdorp is one of the most authentic places in the very close vicinity of Amsterdam centre. The village of Ransdorp is  20 minutes drive from tourist places Marken, Volendam, Edam and ","Our charming suite with sitting/sleeping area comfortably fits 2-4 pers. Located in our farmhouse @ 10 mins driving from city centre. Enjoy the countryside and the city centre. Breakfast included. Excellent free wifi. Nice garden with playground. The Suite:  A lofty 65m2 peaceful room with a sleeping and a living area and free WiFi. The sleeping area has a comfortable double bed, a shower and a wash basin. The living area has a sofa, TV, CD set, a sofa bed (for 2 extra people/children), a dining table, a refrigerator (minibar) and a water boiler. The room is on the first floor (one stairs up); your private toilet is on the ground floor. The room offers a great view over the surrounding farmland.  The B&B:  A beautifully reconstructed former farm with a large garden, just 10 minutes from Amsterdam City centre. The house is located in Ransdorp, a typical Dutch village with characteristic wooden houses set around a monumental tower; where circa 1645 Rembrandt made many drawings. The town ","Ransdorp is one of the most authentic places in the very close vicinity of Amsterdam centre (10 minutes). The house is located in Ransdorp, a typical Dutch village with characteristic wooden houses set around a monumental tower; where circa 1645 Rembrandt made many drawings. The town is called the 'Garden of Amsterdam'. Our well located country suite makes it easy for you to visit the busy city centre of Amsterdam with its many museums, the Anne Frank House, shops, bars, restaurants and canals.  You can also enjoy the tranquility of Waterland: taking our bicycles (free) or boat (rent) that will take you through country site roads, lakes, outstretched meadows, polder landscape, and picturesque villages with wooden houses and farms. You can just relax in our garden and enjoy the amazingly panoramic view. The village of Ransdorp is 20 minutes drive from tourist places Marken, Volendam, Edam and Zaanse Schans.","There is a bus stop at 100m from our house and there is a tram stop at 5 mins. by car or 12 mins by bike. You can also take the bike into town to get around. A car would be handy. There is a P&R (Park & Ride) point at 5 minutes drive, where you can park your car very cheaply and take a tram to the centre (10 minutes).","Guests are asked to inform me about there arrival time before their arrival and whether they are adults or adults and children. Feel at home and enjoy the place with respect to the house, environment and neighbors. We do not allow pets. The room is a non smoking room. There is plenty of room to smoke outside."
