Spacious light apartment near city center & right next to Westerpark and Jordaan area.,"Our lovely ground floor apartment with garden has two bedrooms. One with a 160 x 200 cm doublebed and a (kids)room with a 90 x 200 cm bed (max. 90 kg.). Our bathroom is equipped with a rain shower (good stream, no too soft water spray!), and from the kitchen you can walk right into our 100 m2 garden. If necessary, you can easily make a bed on our couch. It's big enough to sleep well on it. ","Spacious light apartment near city center & right next to Westerpark and Jordaan area. Our lovely ground floor apartment with garden has two bedrooms. One with a 160 x 200 cm doublebed and a (kids)room with a 90 x 200 cm bed (max. 90 kg.). Our bathroom is equipped with a rain shower (good stream, no too soft water spray!), and from the kitchen you can walk right into our 100 m2 garden. If necessary, you can easily make a bed on our couch. It's big enough to sleep well on it.  Entire home, garden, Wi-Fi, digital (international) TV We will not be around when the apartment is rented out. Of course we will be standby for any questions.  Westerpark is a great, vibrant neighborhood with lot's of good restaurants, bars, cafés and supermarkets around. With the Westerpark right around the corner, there's always a possibility to relax, stroll, eat or drink and enjoy the spacious environment. In the park are lot's of terraces, a separate dog area, playgrounds for kids from 0-8 years, a kids farm,","Westerpark is a great, vibrant neighborhood with lot's of good restaurants, bars, cafés and supermarkets around. With the Westerpark right around the corner, there's always a possibility to relax, stroll, eat or drink and enjoy the spacious environment. In the park are lot's of terraces, a separate dog area, playgrounds for kids from 0-8 years, a kids farm, a back-to-nature-playground where kids can play Indians or play in the mud and catch frogs and a poodle pool for kids from 0-8 years. In the weekends there are regularly organized (food)markets and you can rent a rowboat 7 days a week to ride the water and have a picknick. There's bbq spots and picknick tables on the grass. The Haarlemmerstraat is 5 mins away, and is considered one of the most hip shopping streets in the city, but without the extreme crowdiness. Jordaan area and Noordermarkt are on walking distance. On Saturday is the organic food market and on Monday morning the famous vintage market. Central Station is on walking ","There's a busstop 1 minute away, that will take you to the Central Station. On a 5 minute walk, you can catch a tram or bus to wherever in the city. ","Our home is perfect for a family with kid(s). We prefer no groups that come to Amsterdam to party. There's a no-smoking policy inside the house. If you want, you can have a smoke in our beautiful garden. Pets are allowed in negotiation."
