"This is a beautiful family home in a lovely part of Amsterdam, Bos en Lommer. It's a recently build house, connected to a friendly little square with a small garden. Only 10 minutes by bike from city centre, museums etc. Quiet and comfortable. It's not suitable for parties, drugs or alcohol and we prefer families or couples.","A nice family home in a lovely part of Amsterdam. With it's warm and comfortable interior you'll feel at home instantly. Only 10 minutes on a bike (which you can rent everywhere) to the city centre with it's museums, parks, shops etc. Also great location to take a day trip to Haarlem, the beach or explore the rest of Amsterdam. This area has all you need. Small bakery around the corner, supermarkets, theatre  and a lovely park with a nice cafe around the corner (Erasmuspark).  The house is newly build and surrounded by other houses/apartments which are all connected  to a friendly and quiet little square. It's a real family area and ideal for families with children or couples who enjoy a nice and quiet place to stay in dynamic Amsterdam.","This is a beautiful family home in a lovely part of Amsterdam, Bos en Lommer. It's a recently build house, connected to a friendly little square with a small garden. Only 10 minutes by bike from city centre, museums etc. Quiet and comfortable. It's not suitable for parties, drugs or alcohol and we prefer families or couples. A nice family home in a lovely part of Amsterdam. With it's warm and comfortable interior you'll feel at home instantly. Only 10 minutes on a bike (which you can rent everywhere) to the city centre with it's museums, parks, shops etc. Also great location to take a day trip to Haarlem, the beach or explore the rest of Amsterdam. This area has all you need. Small bakery around the corner, supermarkets, theatre  and a lovely park with a nice cafe around the corner (Erasmuspark).  The house is newly build and surrounded by other houses/apartments which are all connected  to a friendly and quiet little square. It's a real family area and ideal for families with children","Our neighborhood is a lovely part of Amsterdam. It's a multi cultural area with lots of Turkish bakeries, Restaurants from all over the world, the best bookshop in Amsterdam, a beautiful theatre where you can enjoy music and meals from all over the world, small galleries, organic food stores, supermarkets, artists, students, and open minded friendly people. Bos en Lommer is often described as Bolo (Amsterdam's Soho).","Public transport is very easy from here. It's 8 minutes from station Sloterdijk (straight direction to Schiphol Airport), busses, trams and underground station a few minutes walk from here. To the centre, to Haarlem, Zandvoort etc.",Since this is our family home we would like you to feel at home and to treat our house as you would treat your own. Pets are not allowed and NO SMOKING + NO DRUGS.
