Family home with garden in quiet area. 1 minute walk to Vondelpark and trams taking you to museum district or down town in less then 10 minutes. The house is fit for one or two couples or a family with up to 3 kids.,"A spacious (240 square meters) and quiet family house with garden which is located 1 minute away (walking distance) from the bustling Vondelpark. Which, with its great terraces, playgrounds and nature, leads you to the Leidse square. Tram 1 and 17 are reached in 1 minute and tram 2 in about 5, these take you down town anywhere within 10 minutes. Feel like you really live in Amsterdam, in a family house, in a quiet town-like street with all great Amsterdam things to see and do within reach.  The house is spacious, with an open kitchen and an en-suite with a cozy living room. On the first floor you will find the 'master' bedroom as well as a large guest room, with a 2-persons bed. On the top floor 3 kids bedrooms as well as the bathroom with a bath and shower. Each kids bedroom is equipped with a 'high-sleeper' (bunk bed with no bed on the bottom) size 90x200, you sleep 'up' but if you don't like this you can put the mattress on the floor. In the basement there is a large 'game/play' roo","Family home with garden in quiet area. 1 minute walk to Vondelpark and trams taking you to museum district or down town in less then 10 minutes. The house is fit for one or two couples or a family with up to 3 kids. A spacious (240 square meters) and quiet family house with garden which is located 1 minute away (walking distance) from the bustling Vondelpark. Which, with its great terraces, playgrounds and nature, leads you to the Leidse square. Tram 1 and 17 are reached in 1 minute and tram 2 in about 5, these take you down town anywhere within 10 minutes. Feel like you really live in Amsterdam, in a family house, in a quiet town-like street with all great Amsterdam things to see and do within reach.  The house is spacious, with an open kitchen and an en-suite with a cozy living room. On the first floor you will find the 'master' bedroom as well as a large guest room, with a 2-persons bed. On the top floor 3 kids bedrooms as well as the bathroom with a bath and shower. Each kids bedro",Our neighborhood is quiet and laid back. It feels like a little village. Yet close to the center of Amsterdam. It is perfect for a family. Our neighbors are all friendly people and we would like you to blend in with them - as most Amsterdam people you don't start and end with excessive noise before 10 and after 22 hours.,"Tram 1,2 and 17 within short walking distance.","No smoking inside the house, but you can smoke in the back garden. No pets."
