"We created a fancy decorated apartment of 770 sq. ft (70m2)in a part of our house in a former school,  in a lively  residential part of the city center with great connections to everywhere.  ITS UNIQUE! You have your own entrance! KINGSIZE bed and a gorgeous rain shower !! Fresh linen, towels and blow dryer, free WIFI  Upstairs 2  beds adjustable to 1 queen size Children above 4  are paying customers.","From now on we donate for every new booking to AMREF flying doctors! We created in a part of our house in a former school a  cosy and fancy decorated apartment of 770 sq. ft (70m2)  in a lively, calm,  residential part of the city center.  At night its quiet! We can host more people in our other apartment. It is UNIQUE because YOU HAVE YOUR OWN  ENTRANCE. nearby public transit:Tramline in front of the house to city centre and tramline to central station 3 minutes walk  5 MINUTES BY TRAM FROM CENTRAL STATION AND 10 MINUTES FROM THE FAMOUS LEIDSE PLEIN SQUARE park&ride station 3 minutes away.  International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam (IDFA) EASY to reach! as is the RAI congress center. Neighbors with The Amsterdam Convention Factory. YOU HAVE YOUR OWN ENTRANCE and  there's  a kitchenette in your apartment with all kitchen amenities to cook or make a delicious breakfast. Nespresso machine, californian kingsize bed and a gorgeous rain shower !! Fresh linen, towels and blow dryer a","We created a fancy decorated apartment of 770 sq. ft (70m2)in a part of our house in a former school,  in a lively  residential part of the city center with great connections to everywhere.  ITS UNIQUE! You have your own entrance! KINGSIZE bed and a gorgeous rain shower !! Fresh linen, towels and blow dryer, free WIFI  Upstairs 2  beds adjustable to 1 queen size Children above 4  are paying customers. From now on we donate for every new booking to AMREF flying doctors! We created in a part of our house in a former school a  cosy and fancy decorated apartment of 770 sq. ft (70m2)  in a lively, calm,  residential part of the city center.  At night its quiet! We can host more people in our other apartment. It is UNIQUE because YOU HAVE YOUR OWN  ENTRANCE. nearby public transit:Tramline in front of the house to city centre and tramline to central station 3 minutes walk  5 MINUTES BY TRAM FROM CENTRAL STATION AND 10 MINUTES FROM THE FAMOUS LEIDSE PLEIN SQUARE park&ride station 3 minutes awa","neighborhood:  Small art and design companies around on every corner mixed with amazing food from around the world. What about visiting Artis, eating at Jamie Oliver's Fifteen and end your evening in Club Panama or inner beach club Roest after some french tapas and entrecotes at Rosa&Rita which are only a 3 min. walk from the apartment.  Inner Beach club Roest at the waterfront 5 minutes walk. Small coffee and coffeeshops, breakfast place Helena Primakoff across the apartment , bakeries and supermarkets are nearby as well. Nice parc for pick nicks behind the house Famous markets/ Zoo and beer breweries (Windmill brewery) close by as the famous Heineken beer brewery. The best regular daily multicultural food & fish & clothing market is on walking distance. The Wallen red light district is  a 10 minutes Walk. Also nice pubs and restaurants close by like Pata Negra Tapas and Jamie Oliver.. The KNSM Island , famous for its modern Architecture is  3 minutes by tram. Science Museum Nemo – gr",Public trams nearby around the corner. 5 MINUTES BY TRAM FROM CENTRAL STATION AND 10 MINUTES FROM THE FAMOUS LEIDSE PLEIN SQUARE park&ride parking station 3 minutes away.,"NON SMOKING and no ""private"" parties with loud noise because the apartment is adjacent to our house and more people are living in this building. For the rest you're free as a bird:) Price anyway  always negotiable with a stay of several nights For ""unexpected"" guests we ask an extra 50 euro per guest. Children above 4 are paying customers. Baby crib and high-chair available. Breakfast on request in urgent situations. (we have a lovely breakfast place on the corner)"
