"Spacious, freshly renovated apartment with a large balcony close to the historical city center.","The apartment is 80 m2, situated on the first floor. It has three bedrooms, one with a heavenly double-bed and two with comfortable sleeping sofas-beds. There are two wardrobes with space for guests to put their clothes. Off course, fresh lines and towels will be provided. We do have a cat! His name is Vasiliy. Hè is very nice and won't disturb you. Please let us now if you are able to take care of him during your stay (feeding him).    The living room has a TV (cable) with a DVD player an playstation. There is a cozy couch and armchairs in the living room, great for spending afternoons having drinks and chatting, or just reading a book. The living room is connected to an open kitchen with a dining table for up to eight people. There is lots of sun all day long in the living room and the kitchen with huge windows facing East on one and West on the other side. The kitchen has all the necessary crockery, cutlery, pans, appliances etc. for the guest’s disposal. The highlight of the kitche","Spacious, freshly renovated apartment with a large balcony close to the historical city center. The apartment is 80 m2, situated on the first floor. It has three bedrooms, one with a heavenly double-bed and two with comfortable sleeping sofas-beds. There are two wardrobes with space for guests to put their clothes. Off course, fresh lines and towels will be provided. We do have a cat! His name is Vasiliy. Hè is very nice and won't disturb you. Please let us now if you are able to take care of him during your stay (feeding him).    The living room has a TV (cable) with a DVD player an playstation. There is a cozy couch and armchairs in the living room, great for spending afternoons having drinks and chatting, or just reading a book. The living room is connected to an open kitchen with a dining table for up to eight people. There is lots of sun all day long in the living room and the kitchen with huge windows facing East on one and West on the other side. The kitchen has all the necessar","The apartment is located in a area of Amsterdam. There are lots of shops, bakeries, cafés and restaurants close by. A supermarket, open daily until 22:00, is around the corner. There are two beautiful parks within a walking distance from the apartment: Erasmuspark (5 min), where you can lye on the grass, enjoy a beer at one of the bars around the park, or have a barbecue; Westerpark (10 min), a great place to go jogging. Also, there are lots of great restaurants, bars, and discos in Westerpark.  Jordaan, an old area of Amsterdam with cozy, narrow streets, beautiful houses, small shops, cafés and restaurants is 15 minutes walking.","There is tram stop 2 minutes walking from the house. Tram number 12 will take you right to Museumplein with some of the Europe’s finest art museums. Close to Museumplein is P.C. Hoofdstraat, the most luxurious shopping street of Amsterdam. Tram number 14 will take you directly the Dam square. Amsterdam Sloterdijk train station is 5 minutes by tram. Trains to Schiphol go every 15 minutes from there.","- Absolutely no smoking inside!  - Please, be respectful for the neighbors and be quite at late hour. - by lost or damage of breaking the rules we will need to charge you from the deposit."
