"This spacious aptm, is dividend over two floors (3 and 4). From the windows you can see the Royal Palace. the streetview is amazing, real Amsterdam style! The apartment is very authentic.  5 * location 3*  value 10 * homefeeling 2 people only!","This spacious gorgeous apartment is divided over two floors in the city centre of Amsterdam. From the living room you can see the palace on the Dam square, so it's really in the heart of this great city. The house is decorated by beautiful design and great vintage items. There is a big, open kitchen, a roof terrace, plenty of working space a great living room with  tv, a beautiful bedroom and the biggest bathroom you have ever seen, including a bathtub, shower, wasmachine and dryer. Visitors always say this is the best place to stay in amsterdam, so have a look at the photos and feel free to contact me with any questions!","This spacious aptm, is dividend over two floors (3 and 4). From the windows you can see the Royal Palace. the streetview is amazing, real Amsterdam style! The apartment is very authentic.  5 * location 3*  value 10 * homefeeling 2 people only! This spacious gorgeous apartment is divided over two floors in the city centre of Amsterdam. From the living room you can see the palace on the Dam square, so it's really in the heart of this great city. The house is decorated by beautiful design and great vintage items. There is a big, open kitchen, a roof terrace, plenty of working space a great living room with  tv, a beautiful bedroom and the biggest bathroom you have ever seen, including a bathtub, shower, wasmachine and dryer. Visitors always say this is the best place to stay in amsterdam, so have a look at the photos and feel free to contact me with any questions! Spacious stylish apartment! Just renovated! A Delight to stay. Recommendable for ladies on business trip/ holidays. Preferable","I live 1 minute from Dam square, the most central square in Amsterdam city centre. On 50m there is a huge supermarket called Albert Heijn where you can get everything. The house is very close to the canals, the nine streets, public transport, bike rental, and the great musea are all in walking distance. From my house its a 15 min trip to the north of amsterdam, the new hub with great cafes and a filmmuseum.","Yes, city centre, all is close, on walking distance central station,  Damsquare , trams (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) , so the whole city to explore from the inner city!","No smoking, no party!  No candles! As the house is an Amsterdam monument!"
