"In Jayantihouse you can stay overnight in peace, enjoy a simple breakfast and work in peace. You can relax in a nice bath and in good weather drink a cup of coffee in the garden by the pond. Do you like animals? In Jayantihouse live Lizzie and Bella, mother and daughter wolfhound. The house is in a quiet neighborhood on the outskirts of Amsterdam. Free parking in front of the house and Amsterdam center in 25 minutes by tram. Jayanti is happy to give you information about Amsterdam.","The bedroom is  a romantic  relaxing space with a one person bed. There is a spacious bathroom with a shower and a bath. Jayanti serves a simple breakfast in your room. And last but not least there is a beautiful romantic garden with a little pond. If you are a smoker you can smoke in the garden (the house is a not smoking area)! Jayantihouse is only ten minutes from Schiphol. If you want to rent a car so you can travel around a bit you can park it in front of the house FOR FREE! (everywhere else in Amsterdam one has to pay a lot of parking money). The beach is only 20 minutes drive from here. Do you rather travel by public transport? No problem! There are two trams coming from central station that will bring you almost to the doorstep of Jayantihouse. And when you want to come home late there is a night bus that will bring you home.  There are some nice Mediterranean restaurants in the neighbourhood, the famous Amsterdam Forest, a wonderful lake, a shopping centre and the Meervaart wh","In Jayantihouse you can stay overnight in peace, enjoy a simple breakfast and work in peace. You can relax in a nice bath and in good weather drink a cup of coffee in the garden by the pond. Do you like animals? In Jayantihouse live Lizzie and Bella, mother and daughter wolfhound. The house is in a quiet neighborhood on the outskirts of Amsterdam. Free parking in front of the house and Amsterdam center in 25 minutes by tram. Jayanti is happy to give you information about Amsterdam. The bedroom is  a romantic  relaxing space with a one person bed. There is a spacious bathroom with a shower and a bath. Jayanti serves a simple breakfast in your room. And last but not least there is a beautiful romantic garden with a little pond. If you are a smoker you can smoke in the garden (the house is a not smoking area)! Jayantihouse is only ten minutes from Schiphol. If you want to rent a car so you can travel around a bit you can park it in front of the house FOR FREE! (everywhere else in Amsterda",it is a real residential neighborhood. Quiet and quiet. A small shopping center with a supermarket which is open until 10 am (except on weekends) is a 3-minute walk away. There are some nice restaurants within walking distance. A walk to the mill is worth it. There is a lot of green in the area. You live outside and still live in Amsterdam. That's nice. And you can park for free.,"from the house it is only 3 minutes walk to the tram, which brings you in 25 minutes to the center of Amsterdam.","No loud music in the house, or friends from outside No smoking No excessive drinking arriving and leaving by mutual agreement Leaving the bathroom clean  Be respectfull towards the othe tenants and toward Jayantihouse being a place of peace and quietness"
