"Live like a local in a charming and spacious apartment in Old West part of Amsterdam City, a quiet & green area with nice shops and good restaurants around the corner. The apartment is close to museum area and Vondelpark, at 5 minutes walking distance from tramway stop to city center. The apartment is suitable for a family up to 6 persons. For a group of friends the apartment is only available for 4 persons.  You are welcome to stay a minimum of 7 nights or more if you like up to 160 nights!","Please feel welcome to experience Amsterdam city life and explore the capital city from a top location. We  really like to share our home in Amsterdam with travelers and visitors from all over the world for a short or long period of stay. Feel invited to enjoy all what is typical for Amsterdam and more ..have fun!  ★     Location Our house is located in the Old-West (Oud-West) city-  center area. It is within walking distance from: ★Vondelpark with its large terraces and free concerts,  ★     museum area with the renovated Rijksmuseum and the world famous Van Gogh museum,  ★Concert Hall Paradiso, with its famous pop concerts ★exclusive shopping PC-Hooft street  ★bright nightlife of the Leidseplein  ★    The neighbourhood Old West is very popular and well known for its good restaurants and trendy lounge bars and daily markets! The street itself is very green, quiet and friendly. ★    Apartment We offer you a stylish furnished and spacious home (100m2) with a cosy garden to enjoy sunny a","Live like a local in a charming and spacious apartment in Old West part of Amsterdam City, a quiet & green area with nice shops and good restaurants around the corner. The apartment is close to museum area and Vondelpark, at 5 minutes walking distance from tramway stop to city center. The apartment is suitable for a family up to 6 persons. For a group of friends the apartment is only available for 4 persons.  You are welcome to stay a minimum of 7 nights or more if you like up to 160 nights! Please feel welcome to experience Amsterdam city life and explore the capital city from a top location. We  really like to share our home in Amsterdam with travelers and visitors from all over the world for a short or long period of stay. Feel invited to enjoy all what is typical for Amsterdam and more ..have fun!  ★     Location Our house is located in the Old-West (Oud-West) city-  center area. It is within walking distance from: ★Vondelpark with its large terraces and free concerts,  ★     museu","The neighborhood is very charming, with lots of small shops and nice restaurants. Supermarket is on the corner. Old West is a multicultural area close to the famous Vondelpark. The ambiance is relaxed, friendly and cool.","The apartment is located at 5 minutes walking distance from public transport (tramway). If you come by plane: From the airport you can take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (25 minutes). To get to the apartment from Amsterdam Central Station you take tramway number 1 (direction Osdorp - Aker). Then you hop off at tramway stop Jan Pieter Heijestraat. (20 minutes ride) and then it is a 5 minutes walk to the apartment. You walk into the Jan Pieter Heijestraat and then it is the third street at your left side.     Please notice also if you come by car. Parking is possible in front of the house. Unfortunately parking is not free. (3 euro per hour, 27,50 euro for a daycard from. Parking is also possible at some P & R places in the outskirts of Amsterdam (8 euro per day). The closest P& R Place is Bos en Lommer.",The neighbours are really friendly and hard working people. They go to bed early and wake up early.  Please may we ask you to be be quiet after 23.00 hours.  Thank you so much!
