"Two-floor apartment is located in a green and quiet area of Amsterdam. By bus and bike Central Station is just a couple of minutes away! The apartment is recently renovated, with a new kitchen. bathroom (with walk-in rainshower!) and toilet.","Two-floor apartment is located in a green and quiet area of Amsterdam. By bus and bike Central Station is just a couple of minutes away! The apartment is recently renovated, with a new kitchen, bathroom (with walk-in rainshower!) and toilet.  The apartment is located in Amsterdam Noord, next to the Noorderpark and situated on the first and second floor.  There is a big sunny living room, with a balcony on the South. From the livingroom you can see the open kitchen with a dining area. This makes it extra cosy to have some nice breakfast before exploring Amsterdam! To reach Amsterdam Central Station you can take the bus (approx. 5 min) or go by bike and take the romantic ferry which takes you to the other side in only 2 minutes!  WIFI is included and towels and bedsheets are available. There are two bedrooms, where you can use one with a big double bed for 2 persons (the other room is used for personal storing). The total size is 80m2 and you are free to use all facilities, like the wash","Two-floor apartment is located in a green and quiet area of Amsterdam. By bus and bike Central Station is just a couple of minutes away! The apartment is recently renovated, with a new kitchen. bathroom (with walk-in rainshower!) and toilet. Two-floor apartment is located in a green and quiet area of Amsterdam. By bus and bike Central Station is just a couple of minutes away! The apartment is recently renovated, with a new kitchen, bathroom (with walk-in rainshower!) and toilet.  The apartment is located in Amsterdam Noord, next to the Noorderpark and situated on the first and second floor.  There is a big sunny living room, with a balcony on the South. From the livingroom you can see the open kitchen with a dining area. This makes it extra cosy to have some nice breakfast before exploring Amsterdam! To reach Amsterdam Central Station you can take the bus (approx. 5 min) or go by bike and take the romantic ferry which takes you to the other side in only 2 minutes!  WIFI is included and","Quiet neighbourhood with enough to do! Explore and find little restaurants, coffeehouses, a market and the park nearby! And that, all just 10 minutes away from the city centre.","The bus is just around the corner. You have to cross the street and hop on bus 34 of 35 to Central Station. This ride will you take to the city center in less than 10 minutes.  You can park in front of the house, for free!","Please keep the neighbours in mind. Keep the noise down. If not, you will have to leave the house and still pay for your stay. If you leave the house, close the Windows and lock the doors. Turn all electronic devises off. €200 will be charged as a deposit, if something breaks or is missing I will keep this to make up for the costs.  No smoking inside, only on the balcony.  Think about the envirement, use everything wisely."
