Nice apartment with two floors and two sleeping rooms. One with bed for 2 persons and one with sleeping sofa (1.40x2.00). Near popular area of 'de Jordaan' where you can find lot of cafe's and restaurants. Cinema's are also near aswell grocery shops.,"The apartment is located in the popular hood of Westerpark and near ‘de Jordaan’ where you can find a lot of all types of restaurants and small shops. I can offer you an apartment 85 m2 big with two bedrooms. One with a double bed and one with a sofa bed. It includes of course a bathroom with separate toilet. Furthermore: a living room with a partly open kitchen.  As is usual in Amsterdam, prepare for walking stairs because the apartment is on the third floor.  Smoking is not allowed. The apartment is situated in a living area with nearby supermarkets and two art house cinema’s in walking distance. The apartment is just a short bus ride (22 or 48) of Central Station and in walking distance of tram no. 3 which brings you near to Museumplein (Stedelijk Museum and RijksMuseum) and neighbourhood ‘de Pijp’. As guest you can of course always contact me for advice -Towels and bed linen are provided -City map","Nice apartment with two floors and two sleeping rooms. One with bed for 2 persons and one with sleeping sofa (1.40x2.00). Near popular area of 'de Jordaan' where you can find lot of cafe's and restaurants. Cinema's are also near aswell grocery shops. The apartment is located in the popular hood of Westerpark and near ‘de Jordaan’ where you can find a lot of all types of restaurants and small shops. I can offer you an apartment 85 m2 big with two bedrooms. One with a double bed and one with a sofa bed. It includes of course a bathroom with separate toilet. Furthermore: a living room with a partly open kitchen.  As is usual in Amsterdam, prepare for walking stairs because the apartment is on the third floor.  Smoking is not allowed. The apartment is situated in a living area with nearby supermarkets and two art house cinema’s in walking distance. The apartment is just a short bus ride (22 or 48) of Central Station and in walking distance of tram no. 3 which brings you near to Museumplein",A lot of restaurants and pubs in the neighborhood  'de Jordaan'. Nearby the apartment you will find also several places to eat and to drink. Cinema's nearby. Park nearby.,There are 2 buses bringing you in less than 10 minutes to the central station.,No smoking allowed. I'm sorry.
