"A great cosy Amsterdam apartment in an historic building of over 100 years old, recently renovated and has a huge garden.  The apartment is very sunny and offers a natural wooden atmosphere. Its centrally located near the Jordaan, 9 streets, city center, parks and Leidseplein. Public transport is around the corner, as well as many supermarkets and some of the most popular hotspots of Amsterdam.  The garden is huge, peaceful and offers a place of quietness in the big city.","Hi there, My 50m2 apartment has a nice living room adjacent to the garden and an sleeping room divided by a small wall.  It has a small bathroom with great shower and a separate very modern kitchen with all amenities in it. (Washing machine, dishwasher, oven and microwave etc).  It features lots of wood and naturel colors. The living room has a comfortable couch and extra sitting space to eat dinner.  The sleeping room has a large double bed and enough clothing space.  My neighborhood is up and coming and has really nice restaurants, shops, supermarkets, bars and nightlife facilities. Its a 10 minute walk from the Jordaan, an 8 minute bike ride from the Leidscheplein, and 12 minute bike ride from the Central Station. Public transport stops to anywhere are just 1-2 minutes away. The bike / scooter rentals are also 1 minute away.  You can park your car outside, but its expensive.  My Apartment has no cable TV, but super fast fiber optic internet. It also features Apple TV and Airplay ove","A great cosy Amsterdam apartment in an historic building of over 100 years old, recently renovated and has a huge garden.  The apartment is very sunny and offers a natural wooden atmosphere. Its centrally located near the Jordaan, 9 streets, city center, parks and Leidseplein. Public transport is around the corner, as well as many supermarkets and some of the most popular hotspots of Amsterdam.  The garden is huge, peaceful and offers a place of quietness in the big city. Hi there, My 50m2 apartment has a nice living room adjacent to the garden and an sleeping room divided by a small wall.  It has a small bathroom with great shower and a separate very modern kitchen with all amenities in it. (Washing machine, dishwasher, oven and microwave etc).  It features lots of wood and naturel colors. The living room has a comfortable couch and extra sitting space to eat dinner.  The sleeping room has a large double bed and enough clothing space.  My neighborhood is up and coming and has really n","Its the best neighborhood in Amsterdam, near the popular Jordaan, in between canals and near the Westerpark. There are cozy little stores and food / coffee shops around, as well as enough green areas to chill and lay-back.",The bus and tram stops are near my house and will bring you everywhere within Amsterdam and also Sloterdijk Station to take you to and from the Airport.,"Its an Amsterdam apartment. Please don't make to much noise, especially loud music after 11 is not appreciated.  If you are a smoker, you are required to do this in the garden. Please don't forget to lock the door when you get back inside.  The rest is fairly simple: What you use, you clean, what you break you fix or pay for the repairs.  Its my apartment, you will find some private stuff there. Please leave that alone."
