"Welcome in my fully equipped, cosy apartment in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Amsterdam, De Pijp.   My apartment provides all the luxury and comfort to sit back and relax after enjoying a day or night in the beautiful city of Amsterdam. In the summer you can also use the 50 m2 private roof terrace, where the sun always shine.","Welcome in my fully equipped, cosy apartment in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Amsterdam, De Pijp.   It is a nice, cosy, completely renovated 60m2 apartment with a fully equipped kitchen, nice living room with flatscreen (over 300 tv channels), 6 persons-couch and dinner-table  (although cooking won't be necessary in this neighborhood with hundreds of nice restaurants), bedroom with a big double bed and practical and clean bathroom. Since we have a baby since 2016 all kids-stuff is available.  When in Amsterdam in a sunny periode, you can also enjoy my brand new rooftop-terrace.  My apartment provides all the luxury to sit back and relax after enjoying a day through the beautiful city of Amsterdam.  Because I'm often away on small holidays or business trips, I think it's a waste of my beautiful apartment not to be enjoyed.  Location:  De Pijp is often called Amsterdam's Quartier Latin: it is a meltingpot of many cultures with many different cuisines: Dutch, Italian, Turkish, Arabe","Welcome in my fully equipped, cosy apartment in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Amsterdam, De Pijp.   My apartment provides all the luxury and comfort to sit back and relax after enjoying a day or night in the beautiful city of Amsterdam. In the summer you can also use the 50 m2 private roof terrace, where the sun always shine. Welcome in my fully equipped, cosy apartment in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Amsterdam, De Pijp.   It is a nice, cosy, completely renovated 60m2 apartment with a fully equipped kitchen, nice living room with flatscreen (over 300 tv channels), 6 persons-couch and dinner-table  (although cooking won't be necessary in this neighborhood with hundreds of nice restaurants), bedroom with a big double bed and practical and clean bathroom. Since we have a baby since 2016 all kids-stuff is available.  When in Amsterdam in a sunny periode, you can also enjoy my brand new rooftop-terrace.  My apartment provides all the luxury to sit back and relax after enjoying ","De pijp provides many small restaurants, bars, the biggest market in Holland, De Albert Cuijp Markt is on 500 meter walking distance. The meuseumquarter (van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum) is only at 1km distance.",There's 3 different trams passing by within 500 meters which brings you to all touristic spots in Amsterdam. As Amsterdam isn't a really large city the best way to enjoy your stay is walking or by bike.,Treat my house like you're home. Respect my house like it yours!
