,"Looking for a quiet, affordable, romantic and private place to stay in a spacious garden very near to the centre of Amsterdam? This mobile home (25m2) is located in a very sunny and spacious garden, just few minutes away from the center of Amsterdam. Experience spending the night in complete quiet and natural surroundings yet with the center very nearby. And wake up only to be disturbed by birds celebrating a new day!  The mobile home offers a living room, bedroom with doublebed, kitchen, tv, bathroom (shower and sink), seperate toilet, comfortable couch, a small dinner table with two chairs, heating, free wifi etc.  In front you can relax at a table with two chairs. Also there is FREE PARKING possible at appr. 800 meters away of the property. Location: At just a few minutes walking distance, the free ferry (24/7) takes you in less than two minutes in the center of Amsterdam! Walk straight to the Jordan with cozy cafes, restaurants, shops and special markets, the Nieuwmarkt or stroll a","Looking for a quiet, affordable, romantic and private place to stay in a spacious garden very near to the centre of Amsterdam? This mobile home (25m2) is located in a very sunny and spacious garden, just few minutes away from the center of Amsterdam. Experience spending the night in complete quiet and natural surroundings yet with the center very nearby. And wake up only to be disturbed by birds celebrating a new day!  The mobile home offers a living room, bedroom with doublebed, kitchen, tv, bathroom (shower and sink), seperate toilet, comfortable couch, a small dinner table with two chairs, heating, free wifi etc.  In front you can relax at a table with two chairs. Also there is FREE PARKING possible at appr. 800 meters away of the property. Location: At just a few minutes walking distance, the free ferry (24/7) takes you in less than two minutes in the center of Amsterdam! Walk straight to the Jordan with cozy cafes, restaurants, shops and special markets, the Nieuwmarkt or stroll a","Very quiet neighborhood in the upcoming Northern district yet only minutes away from the city centre. A few bars, restaurants, Europe's highest swing on top of the Adam tower and the Eyefilm museum just around the corner.","The city centre is very easy accessible with a free 24/7, running every 5 minutes, ferry. The ferry leaves a few hundred meters from the house and takes you in two minutes to the city center. You can park your car for free on a public parking lot with a parking permit which I have for you.","I am not a big fan of making house rules, however here are the most important things that I would like to ask your attention for; - Non smoking (of course you can smoke outside) - No other guests. You are most welcome to stay but you cannot invite other guests. Sorry. - No loud music or other loud noise. I won't disturb you either ;-)"
