"A beautiful and spacious studio apartment that captures the true feeling of BB IJ. Featured is a double bed, sitting and eating area, with full kitchen.  Enjoy the views of the garden, canal, and historic windmill from inside or step out into the private garden.  This is an all private self-contained suite with private entrance, kitchen, and full private bathroom.  Nothing is shared!","What you see in the pictures is what you get.  A beautiful and spacious self contained private accomodation (studio apartment) with private kitchen and bathroom inside our house that captures the true feeling of BB IJ. Featured is a double bed, sitting and eating area, with full kitchen. There is also a fold out bed for a third person. The cottage room can be rented for larger groups. Enjoy the views of the garden, canal, and historic windmill from inside or step out into the private garden to take it all in. Have breakfast in the garden, feed the swans,  or enjoy the evening looking out on to the water, old bridges, and windmill.  Ammenities include: -garden with terrace on the waterfront -nespresso (coffee) -water cooker -microwave -electric hob - combi oven -fridge -toaster -TV -internet -private bathroom with toilet, sink, and bathtub!  General: Welcome to BB IJ, one of Amsterdam's finest historic bed & breakfast, boasting distinctively elegant rooms. BB IJ is a Gentlemen's dike ho","A beautiful and spacious studio apartment that captures the true feeling of BB IJ. Featured is a double bed, sitting and eating area, with full kitchen.  Enjoy the views of the garden, canal, and historic windmill from inside or step out into the private garden.  This is an all private self-contained suite with private entrance, kitchen, and full private bathroom.  Nothing is shared! What you see in the pictures is what you get.  A beautiful and spacious self contained private accomodation (studio apartment) with private kitchen and bathroom inside our house that captures the true feeling of BB IJ. Featured is a double bed, sitting and eating area, with full kitchen. There is also a fold out bed for a third person. The cottage room can be rented for larger groups. Enjoy the views of the garden, canal, and historic windmill from inside or step out into the private garden to take it all in. Have breakfast in the garden, feed the swans,  or enjoy the evening looking out on to the water, o","My neighborhood offers the best of Amsterdam!  Windmill on canal, street markets, great restaurants, quick access to all city hot spots.... public transport is 1/2 minute away, and the neighborhood is gorgeous with canals and historical Dutch architecture!","Tram 14 stops at the front door, and tram 10 and bus 22 are 1-2 minutes walk away,  Central Station is 7 minutes with the bus or 10-15 minutes by bike!","You get a key and the place is yours!  We come in every other day to empty the garbage.  Check in after 15:00, but  you can leave your luggage earlier, and check-out is noon!"
