"Our recently renovated studio  is located on the ground floor of a monumental building at Amsterdam’s most elegant, beautiful and central canal: the Herengracht (in English: “Gentlemen’s Canal).  I's located right in the middle of popular shopping area ‘The 9 Streets’ and within a 5 minute walk to the central Dam Square, 20 minute walk from the Central Station and just around the corner of most historical must-sees such as the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Perfect for couples!","The recently renovated Gentle 2 studio is on the ground floor of a monumental building at Amsterdam’s most elegant, beautiful and central canal: the Herengracht (in English: “Gentlemen’s Canal).  It is located in the middle of the popular shopping areas ‘The 9 streets’ and Jordaan, is within 5 minutes walking to the central Dam Square and around the corner from historical must-visits such as the Anne Frank House. This authentically Dutch studio, with original details, can hostc up to two persons. It is equipped with a double bed, new bathroom and adorable kitchenette. Cable television and free wireless internet are also provided.  (For your information: the studio can also be rented together with an adjacent luxurious apartment with large kitchen, on the same floor. As such, 6 people can stay all together on one floor. If you are interested, please check our other listing Gentle 6 apartment.","Our recently renovated studio  is located on the ground floor of a monumental building at Amsterdam’s most elegant, beautiful and central canal: the Herengracht (in English: “Gentlemen’s Canal).  I's located right in the middle of popular shopping area ‘The 9 Streets’ and within a 5 minute walk to the central Dam Square, 20 minute walk from the Central Station and just around the corner of most historical must-sees such as the Anne Frank House and the Rijksmuseum. Perfect for couples! The recently renovated Gentle 2 studio is on the ground floor of a monumental building at Amsterdam’s most elegant, beautiful and central canal: the Herengracht (in English: “Gentlemen’s Canal).  It is located in the middle of the popular shopping areas ‘The 9 streets’ and Jordaan, is within 5 minutes walking to the central Dam Square and around the corner from historical must-visits such as the Anne Frank House. This authentically Dutch studio, with original details, can hostc up to two persons. It is eq",,,"Please know that our apartment is only rented to guests coming to Amsterdam for sightseeing, (a break from) work or simply just to relax and lay back.  The place is not intented for party people, so please know about our 'non party' houserules, such as; smoking and the use of drugs is strictly forbidden. And exsessive drinking is not what the place is meant for (nevertheless we like a good glass of red wine ourselves too)."
