"Luxurious apartment in a vibrant neighborhood with 2 bedrooms, both with double beds. A hottub in the garden that fits 6, and a whirlpool in the bathroom. Trams that takes you directly to city centre and museum square are just 3 minute walk!    ","Great ground floor apartment in Amsterdam's most vibrant and lively neighborhood, De Pijp!    The apartment built around 1900 and luxuriously renovated in 2010 offers the best of both worlds. It still offers some of the original details while having all the luxury of today. The apartment comes with design furniture, a fully equipped kitchen, a whirlpool and a spacious garden in which a hottub has been installed to give you the opportunity to relax after a long day!   The house has two bedrooms, both with double beds. The master bedroom faces the garden and has a flatscreen tv. The second one is in the 'soutterain' (downstairs) which makes it a lovely cool and quiet place to sleep.   There is a large dining table in the conservatory and a spacious living area with a flatscreen tv! Even the kids won't bore themselves as there is a Playstation 4 connected to the tv. The Kitchen It is fully equipped with an oven, a double door fridge with ice machine, 4-pit stove, a Quooker that taps insta","Luxurious apartment in a vibrant neighborhood with 2 bedrooms, both with double beds. A hottub in the garden that fits 6, and a whirlpool in the bathroom. Trams that takes you directly to city centre and museum square are just 3 minute walk!     Great ground floor apartment in Amsterdam's most vibrant and lively neighborhood, De Pijp!    The apartment built around 1900 and luxuriously renovated in 2010 offers the best of both worlds. It still offers some of the original details while having all the luxury of today. The apartment comes with design furniture, a fully equipped kitchen, a whirlpool and a spacious garden in which a hottub has been installed to give you the opportunity to relax after a long day!   The house has two bedrooms, both with double beds. The master bedroom faces the garden and has a flatscreen tv. The second one is in the 'soutterain' (downstairs) which makes it a lovely cool and quiet place to sleep.   There is a large dining table in the conservatory and a spacio",Amsterdams must see hotspots are very close nearby:  Rijksmuseum: 10 minute walk  Stedelijkmuseum: 10 minute walk Albert Cuyp market: 2 minute walk Sarphatipark: 1 minute walk Heineken Exërience: 10 minute walk Utrechtsestraat: 5 minute walk Leidseplein: 15-20 minute walk Rembrandsquare: 15 minute walk,There are paid parking spaces in the street.  Parking garages at 10 minute walk.  Stops for both line 4 and 25 are within a 100 meters. They lead to Dam square / city centre. Lines 16 and 24 take you to Museum square and both have stops at 5 minutes walking distance. And tram 12 leads to Amstel Station for a train connection to Schiphol.  ,- No loud music or noise after 11 PM - No Smoking - We do allow pets
