"This quiet, historical family home is situated only 200m from the most beautiful part of the famous Canal area. Within 5 minutes walking distance from Museum Square and the vibrant shopping and restaurant district De Pijp. Built in the 1890's, with all the classical, typical Amsterdam-style details still present. An ideal place for one or two couples or a family with kids. A quiet refuge in a buzzing city.","Very comfortable family home with 3.60m high, classically decorated ceilings in the heart of Amsterdam. Chill-out in our cosy, huge living room in front of the fire place or the huge projector tv with Netflix. Being foodies, we have a fully equipped design kitchen. Enjoy eating at our large wooden dining table while overlooking the lush garden. Or have a BBQ outside. Upstairs you will find three private bedrooms and a spacious bathroom with a large bath and double showers - our own spa at home.","This quiet, historical family home is situated only 200m from the most beautiful part of the famous Canal area. Within 5 minutes walking distance from Museum Square and the vibrant shopping and restaurant district De Pijp. Built in the 1890's, with all the classical, typical Amsterdam-style details still present. An ideal place for one or two couples or a family with kids. A quiet refuge in a buzzing city. Very comfortable family home with 3.60m high, classically decorated ceilings in the heart of Amsterdam. Chill-out in our cosy, huge living room in front of the fire place or the huge projector tv with Netflix. Being foodies, we have a fully equipped design kitchen. Enjoy eating at our large wooden dining table while overlooking the lush garden. Or have a BBQ outside. Upstairs you will find three private bedrooms and a spacious bathroom with a large bath and double showers - our own spa at home. Situated at ground level, you will have your own convenient private entrance at our front ","Unique, quiet street in the middle of busy Amsterdam where kids can still play in the street. As a bonus, the largest and oldest playing ground in Amsterdam lies at the end of this beautiful street. Fine dining restaurants and hip coffee corners, supermarkets, canal boats, the Heineken Experience and the fashionable Utrechtsestraat shopping area are all within 500m from our front door.","Trams in all directions depart from Weteringcircuit at the end of the street. Tram lines 16 and 24 provide a direct connection to Central Station (10 minutes), from there it is a 15 minute train ride to Schiphol Airport. A taxi stand is just around the corner at Frederiksplein (300m), it will take 20 minutes and around € 40 to get you to the airport.","Den Texstraat is a unique street with lots of families and little kids. Please respect our neighborhood and neighbors by not playing loud music after 8 o'clock at night. No parties, (professional) events, pets, smoking or drugs are allowed."
