"More person apartment for small groups (max 6p) nearby the famous Albert Cuyp Market bars, restaurants, Beethovenstreet (shopping), RijksMuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Vondel Parc and Centre (Dam square), Heineken Experience, Canal boats. Bike rental is at 2 minutes’ walk (left from the frontdoor left again at the corner, the bike rental is at your left hand at the second  corner). A large supermarket is at 3 minutes’ walk (take right from the frontdoor left again at the corner).","Our apartment is located in “de Pijp”, a neighbourhood with a rich history in Amsterdam. The apartment is completely restored in 2005 and the 110m2 are divided in two floors situated on the 3th and 4th level of the building. On the 4the level there are two bedrooms (one with a bed 200x160 and one with a bed 190x130) with TV and a full bathroom. On the 3th floor there is a third bedroom (bed 200x160) with TV and a shower. On the topfloor there is a 24m2 roof terrace with a large dining table where you can have a nice barbeque and at the bottom floor there is a french balcony with a good view on everything that happens in the street. WiFi is provided and we have a large TV with both digital and cable in the living room. If you are traveling with children, our apartment is very child friendly; we are living here with our children. We can provide toys if necessary. The space is safe, cosy and comfortable. This apartment is ideal for small groups or families. You have the full enjoyment of ","More person apartment for small groups (max 6p) nearby the famous Albert Cuyp Market bars, restaurants, Beethovenstreet (shopping), RijksMuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Vondel Parc and Centre (Dam square), Heineken Experience, Canal boats. Bike rental is at 2 minutes’ walk (left from the frontdoor left again at the corner, the bike rental is at your left hand at the second  corner). A large supermarket is at 3 minutes’ walk (take right from the frontdoor left again at the corner). Our apartment is located in “de Pijp”, a neighbourhood with a rich history in Amsterdam. The apartment is completely restored in 2005 and the 110m2 are divided in two floors situated on the 3th and 4th level of the building. On the 4the level there are two bedrooms (one with a bed 200x160 and one with a bed 190x130) with TV and a full bathroom. On the 3th floor there is a third bedroom (bed 200x160) with TV and a shower. On the topfloor there is a 24m2 roof terrace with a large dining table where y","Famous Albert Cuyp Market, many bars and restaurants in the neighbourhood, Beethovenstreet for shopping, the Rijks Museum, the van Gogh Museum, the Stedelijk Museum and the Vondel Parc and the centre of Amsterdam. The famous “Albert Cuyp” market, at a five minute walk, open six days a week, where you can buy cheap good quality fresh vegetables, spices, meat and fish. The neighbourhood has many bars and restaurants with a variety of kitchens from all over the world. Walking in the south direction there is a great shopping area at the Beethovenstreet which locates one of the few Starbucks in Amsterdam.  The supermarket and the tram are at a two minute walk. The “Dam” square, which forms the city centre, is only ten minutes away by tram (numbers 16 and 24) or 15 minutes by bike. Although with everything in the area, you may want to spend some time in the museum area too. We are close to the Rijks Museum, the van Gogh Museum, the Stedelijk Museum and the Vondel Parc. You can reach this are","Tram numbers three, twelve, sixteen and twinty-four. People of Amsterdam do everything on the bike. To explore the city by bike is a great experience. Bikes can be rented at the City Bike (""de Stadsfiets""), a two minute walk around the left corner.","Thank you for being interested in our apartment. We have some simple house rules: You can smoke only at the french balcony on the front of 3th floor or at the roof terrace at the back of the 4th floor. If you use the kitchen please rinse dishes and feel free to use the dishwasher. Please do not use metal utensils with the pots and pans as it will scrape the non-stick interior. When using the clothes dryer, please clean out the lint collector after each use. This is located at the bottum of the inside of the the dryer door operning. Upon check out please leave dirty towels and linens in the blue laundry basket beside the washing machine. Please call us for arrivals and departure. We will hand you the keys at arrival and take the keys again at departure. Please leave the apartment tidy, as you have found it. Cleaning is not intended for tidy up. It may happen that things break or damage. We think this is quite understandable. In case such a thing happens, we would appreciate it if you no"
