"A quiet and peaceful apartment just a 5 minute walk to the Jordaan district.  Relax and enjoy the treetop view from the large roof deck and balcony before exploring Jordaan's markets, cafes, boutiques and restaurants. Close to tram and bus stops.","Unique, comfortable and surprisingly quiet modern penthouse apartment on a very peaceful green plaza near the heart of Amsterdam city center, directly bordering on the famed Jordaan district, which is crammed with cafes, restaurants and boutiques of every sort. Two private bedrooms (one with queen size bed, one with single trundle bed which converts to a double), additional sofabed in the living room (sleeps two), full kitchen, full bath with tub, washer/dryer in the basement, small balcony accessible from both bedrooms and a beautiful and spacious roof terrace with full 360° view. Within two minutes walking distance from bus (#18/21) and tram (#3/10.) There is a private boat rental ((URL HIDDEN) on the canal half a block away, and a public swimming pool/spa/fitness center with a cafe and terrace one block away((URL HIDDEN) Our apartment is 10 minutes by public transport from Central Station, 10 minutes walking distance from the lively Noordermarkt and Lindenmarkt open markets in the h","A quiet and peaceful apartment just a 5 minute walk to the Jordaan district.  Relax and enjoy the treetop view from the large roof deck and balcony before exploring Jordaan's markets, cafes, boutiques and restaurants. Close to tram and bus stops. Unique, comfortable and surprisingly quiet modern penthouse apartment on a very peaceful green plaza near the heart of Amsterdam city center, directly bordering on the famed Jordaan district, which is crammed with cafes, restaurants and boutiques of every sort. Two private bedrooms (one with queen size bed, one with single trundle bed which converts to a double), additional sofabed in the living room (sleeps two), full kitchen, full bath with tub, washer/dryer in the basement, small balcony accessible from both bedrooms and a beautiful and spacious roof terrace with full 360° view. Within two minutes walking distance from bus (#18/21) and tram (#3/10.) There is a private boat rental ((URL HIDDEN) on the canal half a block away, and a public sw","My apartment is in the Frederik Hendrikbuurt, and I'm literally a stone's throw from the Jordaan. So enjoy a night out in a lively Jordaan cafe or bar, but come home to a surprisingly quiet area. This neighborhood has its own perks, including some of the best restaurants and cafés in Amsterdam. If there's anything particular you're looking for, just ask.","My apartment is extremely well situated in terms of public transport.  It's 2 blocks away from trams 3 & 10, which take you directly to all the major museums and attractions. Bus 41 from Centraal Station brings you to the apartment in about 8 minutes.  At the Albert Heijn (local supermarket about 5 minutes walking from here) you can order and reload your public transport cards. Several bicycle rental companies are a few minutes walk away.",Rental agreement and identification check required. Quiet hours after 22.30. Please be respectful of the neighbors. The rental deposit will be refunded if the apartment is left clean and undamaged. Smoking is permitted only on the balcony or roof terrace. No pets are allowed unless they are service animals.
