"Beautifully furnished, doublebed-room (3x4m) with huge balcony and lovely views, large lovely colourful private living room (5x10m)  an open kitchen and a fully equiped private bathroom.  (Note: you share the hallways and stairs because the house is spread out over three floors. The appartment takes one and a half.)","Gorgeous colorful apartment  (minimum 6 days!) Beautifully furnished, private doublebed-room (3x4m) with huge balcony and lovely views, large charming colourful living room (5x10m)  an open kitchen and a new bathroom.  (The house is spread out over three floors. The appartment takes one and a half.) Location -- Quite residential area with beautiful old houses and lots of trees. Perhaps one of the hidden gems of the town that most tourists don't get to discover. Lovely Frankendael Park just 3 minutes walk away. The park houses two top rated restaurants. Supermarkets en cafes are plentyful in the neighborhood. City center is 10 minutes bike ride. Tram/ Bus/train are at 5 minutes walking distance. The House -- 80 yr old characterisic Amsterdam building. The appartment is on the 1st and the 2nd floor and has two spacious balconies overlooking gardens and old trees. On the 3rd floor you have the use of a roof terras. Interior -- Contemporary modern furniture tastefully combined with antique","Beautifully furnished, doublebed-room (3x4m) with huge balcony and lovely views, large lovely colourful private living room (5x10m)  an open kitchen and a fully equiped private bathroom.  (Note: you share the hallways and stairs because the house is spread out over three floors. The appartment takes one and a half.) Gorgeous colorful apartment  (minimum 6 days!) Beautifully furnished, private doublebed-room (3x4m) with huge balcony and lovely views, large charming colourful living room (5x10m)  an open kitchen and a new bathroom.  (The house is spread out over three floors. The appartment takes one and a half.) Location -- Quite residential area with beautiful old houses and lots of trees. Perhaps one of the hidden gems of the town that most tourists don't get to discover. Lovely Frankendael Park just 3 minutes walk away. The park houses two top rated restaurants. Supermarkets en cafes are plentyful in the neighborhood. City center is 10 minutes bike ride. Tram/ Bus/train are at 5 minu",,From Schiphol airport you can take a train to Amsterdam Sciencepark (direction : Amsterdam Centraal Station) at .28 or .58. You arrive 30 minutes later and walk in 5 minutes to my house.,-
