"Cosy apartment in the most desirable neighborhood in Amsterdam: The Jordaan!  This area is loaded with lovely shops, bars, restaurants, bakeries, fashion and design stores.","Cosy apartment in the most desirable neighborhood in Amsterdam: The Jordan!  This area is loaded with lovely shops, bars, restaurants, bakeries, fashion and design stores. Family apartment in the historical center of Amsterdam, child-safe for young children and with toys. The apartment is located on a canal in the famous Jordaan district, also known as the 'Heart of Amsterdam’. A great place, perfect for a memorable stay in our beautiful Amsterdam. This apartment is a cosy, clean and modern place. Available for four well behaved adults and one or two children. You will find the apartment on the TOP FLOOR (four flights of stairs ) of a 4-story building. It is a canal facing, two bedroom apartment and is located above a nice Amsterdam café. But don't worry: they're open only from 11.00 till 23.00 and they don't play loud music. The house is located on a canal in the most desirable neighborhood in Amsterdam: The Jordan district, also known as the 'Heart of Amsterdam'.  A great place, perf","Cosy apartment in the most desirable neighborhood in Amsterdam: The Jordaan!  This area is loaded with lovely shops, bars, restaurants, bakeries, fashion and design stores. Cosy apartment in the most desirable neighborhood in Amsterdam: The Jordan!  This area is loaded with lovely shops, bars, restaurants, bakeries, fashion and design stores. Family apartment in the historical center of Amsterdam, child-safe for young children and with toys. The apartment is located on a canal in the famous Jordaan district, also known as the 'Heart of Amsterdam’. A great place, perfect for a memorable stay in our beautiful Amsterdam. This apartment is a cosy, clean and modern place. Available for four well behaved adults and one or two children. You will find the apartment on the TOP FLOOR (four flights of stairs ) of a 4-story building. It is a canal facing, two bedroom apartment and is located above a nice Amsterdam café. But don't worry: they're open only from 11.00 till 23.00 and they don't play l","You could not be better located in Amsterdam! The Jordaan area is loaded with lovely shops, bars, restaurants, bakeries, fashion and design stores. On Saturdays you can enjoy the famous organic market on the Noordermarkt, on Mondays the market is filled with stalls selling their vintage clothes and furniture.  The location of the apartment is also close to the famous 'Nine Streets' which is packed with great spots to eat, and special shops. The Anne Frank House is situated just around the corner.","Please check this page and you can decide the way you can get to the house,just add the address and will give you many options :-)  (Website hidden by Airbnb)","We have very simple house rules:   1) Treat our place like your own home. We love our house and take care of it.  2) Respect the neighbors as if they were your own. It is a pleasant neighborhood  3) You are welcome to use supplies, but replace them before you leave;   4) We take care of the cleaning, it would be appreciated if you leave our place tidy.  5) Our house is our own house. Therefor it is not a party-house. We won't accept a group of young people.  6) Our house is smoke-free. If you are desperate, we have a balcony.   7) We will ask 250 euros deposit, that will be returned during the check out.   *Important Note*:  - Late check-in (20:00 - 00:30), and late check out (until 18:00) are charged 70,00 EURO. Please pay this amount upon arrival during check-in.  - We have a waiting time of 30 minutes after the arranged check-in time. After these 30 minutes we will charge 70,00 EURO in case we are not notified on time about your delay."
