"Apartment of 100m2 in a lovely area in Amsterdam ""Old South"". Very spacious and bright apartment which is fully equipped. It is only a five minute walk to the Zuid-WTC train station. ","The apartment is located on the second floor, which you can reach via the stairs or the elevator.  It is a spacious and bright apartment with spacious hall, large living room, kitchen, 1 double bedroom, 1 extra room (with optionally an aerobed for 2 additional persons), separate toilet and bathroom with tub/shower. There is a balcony at the rear of the apartment.","Apartment of 100m2 in a lovely area in Amsterdam ""Old South"". Very spacious and bright apartment which is fully equipped. It is only a five minute walk to the Zuid-WTC train station.  The apartment is located on the second floor, which you can reach via the stairs or the elevator.  It is a spacious and bright apartment with spacious hall, large living room, kitchen, 1 double bedroom, 1 extra room (with optionally an aerobed for 2 additional persons), separate toilet and bathroom with tub/shower. There is a balcony at the rear of the apartment. Guests have the whole apartment at their disposal! The apartment is situated on a wide, quiet and silent street. The lively ""Beethovenstraat"" is only a few minutes walk. Here you can go out for breakfast/lunch/dinner, go shopping or do some grocery shopping. In less than 10 minutes you are in the ""Vondelpark, on the Museum square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum), the Leidse square or the Albert Cuyp market. It is a five minute wal","The apartment is situated on a wide, quiet and silent street. The lively ""Beethovenstraat"" is only a few minutes walk. Here you can go out for breakfast/lunch/dinner, go shopping or do some grocery shopping. In less than 10 minutes you are in the ""Vondelpark, on the Museum square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum), the Leidse square or the Albert Cuyp market.","It is a five minute walk to train station Zuid-WTC, which is only 7 minutes from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport by train.  In front of the apartment, as well as on the ""Beethovenstraat"", there is a tram stop. With public transport you can easily reach all sides of Amsterdam.  In front of the apartment there is ample parking space where you can park your car. Fees are charged per hour or per day. In addition, there is a P+R option at the Olympic Stadium where you can park for a reduced rate and take a bike or receive a tram ticket.",
