"Modern spacious house & garden in museum district (& 'pijp') of Amsterdam. The Old-South area of Amsterdam is one of the most loved places to live in Amsterdam. Surrounded by great parks, museums and restaurants it`s the perfect spot.","Modern spacious house & garden in museum district (& 'pijp') of Amsterdam. The Old-South area of Amsterdam is one of the most loved places to live in Amsterdam. Surrounded by great parks, museums and restaurants it`s the perfect spot. very nice garden, great living with open kitchen, bathroom with bath and separate shower, king size bed, extra room, extra bed, ground floor, close to everyting, with in walking distance Our guest have access to our whole house apt. with all gadgets. even a piano & can have access to the sportclub next door for fitness, bootcamp, sauna, infra red, turkish bath. We love our neighborhood for it's great shops/hotspots & nice restaurants  (pc hoofd, van baerle & beethovenstreet), Vondelpark, musea famous streetmarket, everything within walking distance. Also the canals are within 10 minutes walking distance trams 5 and 24, 16 and 12 and 24 stop next to our street, tram 2 stops closeby; close to station WTC Amsterdam South (schiphol) we love amsterdam and real","Modern spacious house & garden in museum district (& 'pijp') of Amsterdam. The Old-South area of Amsterdam is one of the most loved places to live in Amsterdam. Surrounded by great parks, museums and restaurants it`s the perfect spot. Modern spacious house & garden in museum district (& 'pijp') of Amsterdam. The Old-South area of Amsterdam is one of the most loved places to live in Amsterdam. Surrounded by great parks, museums and restaurants it`s the perfect spot. very nice garden, great living with open kitchen, bathroom with bath and separate shower, king size bed, extra room, extra bed, ground floor, close to everyting, with in walking distance Our guest have access to our whole house apt. with all gadgets. even a piano & can have access to the sportclub next door for fitness, bootcamp, sauna, infra red, turkish bath. We love our neighborhood for it's great shops/hotspots & nice restaurants  (pc hoofd, van baerle & beethovenstreet), Vondelpark, musea famous streetmarket, everything","We love our neighborhood for it's great shops/hotspots & nice restaurants  (pc hoofd, van baerle & beethovenstreet), Vondelpark, musea famous streetmarket, everything within walking distance. Also the canals are within 10 minutes walking distance","trams 5 and 24, 16 and 12 and 24 stop next to our street, tram 2 stops closeby; close to station WTC Amsterdam South (schiphol)","we hope you can feet our cat, he is really easy and finds his own way in the house, you will love him! no smoking in the house- the garden is perfect for that!"
