"Renting out our apartment while we are away on holiday. Our place is situated in the popular Hoofddorpplein-area, where young and busy Amsterdammers work, shop and live.","The apartment is on the third floor of a 4 storey-building. The kitchen is fully-equipped with modern cooking centre and dishwasher. The bedrooms are on the quiet backside of the apartment. One bedroom has a boxspring double bed and the other bedroom has a self inflating mattress, suitable for two. Both rooms have a door to our balcony, where we like to have breakfast or dinner if the weather allows it. A comfortable L-shaped sofa (which transforms into a double bed) can be found in the living area, as well as a 42-inch flatscreen TV. One of our favorite things about our place: the bathroom is equipped with a jacuzzi!","Renting out our apartment while we are away on holiday. Our place is situated in the popular Hoofddorpplein-area, where young and busy Amsterdammers work, shop and live. The apartment is on the third floor of a 4 storey-building. The kitchen is fully-equipped with modern cooking centre and dishwasher. The bedrooms are on the quiet backside of the apartment. One bedroom has a boxspring double bed and the other bedroom has a self inflating mattress, suitable for two. Both rooms have a door to our balcony, where we like to have breakfast or dinner if the weather allows it. A comfortable L-shaped sofa (which transforms into a double bed) can be found in the living area, as well as a 42-inch flatscreen TV. One of our favorite things about our place: the bathroom is equipped with a jacuzzi! Towels, Sheets, Wifi and utilities are all included. Our street is leafy and quiet, yet you will find you are a mere 10 minute cycle ride away from the Rijks- and Stedelijk- and Van Gogh museum - and the ","Our street is leafy and quiet, yet you will find you are a mere 10 minute cycle ride away from the Rijks- and Stedelijk- and Van Gogh museum - and the bustling Leidseplein. The apartment is situated beautifully in between two large parks in Amsterdam: the famous Vondelpark and the more residential Rembrandt Park (both 5 minutes by bike).","(Tramstop) Hoofddorpplein: 5 minute walk  Vondelpark: 5 minute cycle ride, 15 minute walk   Leidseplein area and museums: 10 minutes by tram/cycling  Amsterdam Central Station: 17 minutes by tram  Airport: 5 minutes by train (Lelylaan) and then 8 minutes by tram",
