"If you rent our apartment, you live in a lovely open and light modern house on the border of the highly regarded Jordaan area and the beautiful Westerpark! From here, all Amsterdam hotspots are just a short bike ride away. You'll love the place!","SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME  The apartment is approximately 100 m2 (that is excluding the garden, 114 m2 large), features a spacious modern living room with high and bright conservatory, 2 bedrooms, 1 with very quiet rear, a modern kitchen with dishwasher.  The sleek bathroom has a shower and bath, and there is a washing machine and dryer,  LOTS OF SUN!  There is a large garden with sun between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m.   CAT PERSON?   We have 2 cats. Very independent and loving, but you'll have to give them something to eat everyday. They are usually in the garden so there's no smell of cats in the house! AMAZING NEIGHBORHOOD!  In 3 minutes, you walk into the heart of Jordaan area and in 10 minutes you reach the Westerpark on foot. 15 minutes walk to the Leidseplein and Vondelpark (8 minutes by bike or tram). Within 100 meters is an Albert Heijn supermarket AAA, a blissful baker's shop, a wine shop and a fresh Volendammer fish shop. Also there is a great coffee and breakfast place around the corner","If you rent our apartment, you live in a lovely open and light modern house on the border of the highly regarded Jordaan area and the beautiful Westerpark! From here, all Amsterdam hotspots are just a short bike ride away. You'll love the place! SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME  The apartment is approximately 100 m2 (that is excluding the garden, 114 m2 large), features a spacious modern living room with high and bright conservatory, 2 bedrooms, 1 with very quiet rear, a modern kitchen with dishwasher.  The sleek bathroom has a shower and bath, and there is a washing machine and dryer,  LOTS OF SUN!  There is a large garden with sun between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m.   CAT PERSON?   We have 2 cats. Very independent and loving, but you'll have to give them something to eat everyday. They are usually in the garden so there's no smell of cats in the house! AMAZING NEIGHBORHOOD!  In 3 minutes, you walk into the heart of Jordaan area and in 10 minutes you reach the Westerpark on foot. 15 minutes walk to the Le",Frederik Hendrikbuurt,,
