,"On the northwest side of the Jordaan neighborhood, a spacious, fully equipped apartment with a great view of the Brouwersgracht canal, one of the most beautiful in Amsterdam. The apartment is recently renovated, with a new kitchen, bathroom and hardwood floors. There are two bedrooms, with one queen size bed and two singles.  Half a block away is the Harlemmerdijk, one of the best shopping streets in the city.Two blocks away is the Westerpark, a large, lively park. Central station is a 15 minutes walk away, tram stop within one block. Wireless internet, clothes washer, dryer, and dishwasher available. Laptop for browsing the internet, speakers for playing music from your device and an electric piano are available for use. Use of a bicycle with two child seats is included (for children between 3 and 9 years old). If you have children, there are plenty of toys to play with. Our special price of €80 per night is for a minimum stay of 21 days. If your stay is longer than 21 days, we can of","On the northwest side of the Jordaan neighborhood, a spacious, fully equipped apartment with a great view of the Brouwersgracht canal, one of the most beautiful in Amsterdam. The apartment is recently renovated, with a new kitchen, bathroom and hardwood floors. There are two bedrooms, with one queen size bed and two singles.  Half a block away is the Harlemmerdijk, one of the best shopping streets in the city.Two blocks away is the Westerpark, a large, lively park. Central station is a 15 minutes walk away, tram stop within one block. Wireless internet, clothes washer, dryer, and dishwasher available. Laptop for browsing the internet, speakers for playing music from your device and an electric piano are available for use. Use of a bicycle with two child seats is included (for children between 3 and 9 years old). If you have children, there are plenty of toys to play with. Our special price of €80 per night is for a minimum stay of 21 days. If your stay is longer than 21 days, we can of",,,Please: * Keep noise to a reasonable level. * No smoking. * No pets. * Be kind to our neighbors. * Take good care of our place.
