"A very nice house, spacious and light in a nice and quit neighborhood.  With ease you can live here with a family of four. Very well suited for families. Garden on the south with a big trampoline and more toys for the children.","This fully furnished 3-bedroom house (2 floors) is located in 'De Watergraafsmeer', a very cosy and charming neighborhood in Amsterdam known for it's restaurants, cafes, bars and shops. Near the city center, and plenty of attractions withing walking distance, such as the famous 'Albert Kuyp market', the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, the Stedelijk Museum and the Rijksmuseum as well as the main nightlife areas (Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein). Public transport is nearby, with tram lines .... , subway or bike all within a couple of minutes distance, ensuring that you can easily get to every part of Amsterdam. The house is very well maintained and is equiped with everything you need to make your stay as pleasant as possible, such as central heating and WIFI. The living room has a a couch, a wood oven, a 40"" TV and a dining table (6 persons) as well as a fully equipped kitchen with stove, oven, fridge, espresso machine, water boiler, toaster, pots & pans, silverware, plates etc. The 3 bedroo","A very nice house, spacious and light in a nice and quit neighborhood.  With ease you can live here with a family of four. Very well suited for families. Garden on the south with a big trampoline and more toys for the children. This fully furnished 3-bedroom house (2 floors) is located in 'De Watergraafsmeer', a very cosy and charming neighborhood in Amsterdam known for it's restaurants, cafes, bars and shops. Near the city center, and plenty of attractions withing walking distance, such as the famous 'Albert Kuyp market', the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, the Stedelijk Museum and the Rijksmuseum as well as the main nightlife areas (Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein). Public transport is nearby, with tram lines .... , subway or bike all within a couple of minutes distance, ensuring that you can easily get to every part of Amsterdam. The house is very well maintained and is equiped with everything you need to make your stay as pleasant as possible, such as central heating and WIFI. The livi",It is a very nice and friendly neighborhood. A new shopping mall and a new grocery is opened in just a couple minutes walk.,"Transport is very easy with bike. Public transport in 7 min walk you have tram, train and bus.","Our house is suitable for families. We do not rent our house anymore to students because of earlier problems. Please act like it is your own house. no smoking inside, no pets and please be gentle for the neighborhood when you go out at night."
