Great 2 bedroom apartment in perfect location in Amsterdam. You can explore the city and all museums by foot. Fits up to 4 people comfortably,"Great 2 bedroom apartment in perfect location in Amsterdam. Brand new renovation.  The apartment is situated 2 minutes walk from Museum district and Heineken experience. 5 min walk to Flower market. Very well connected with public transport ( 4 stops with tram from central station). Right on the edge between City Centre  and the Pijp, the area is full with restaurants, cafeterias and coffee shops :) The apartment is situated on the 3rd (last ) floor in typical Dutch house, it has two levels. On the first level there is one specious bedroom, living room with big sofa , bathroom and fully equipped kitchen On the second level you will find another bedroom and from there you can access the best part of the apartment - private roof terrace, if you are lucky and the weather is good you can enjoy the sunny 16sq.m roof terrace.","Great 2 bedroom apartment in perfect location in Amsterdam. You can explore the city and all museums by foot. Fits up to 4 people comfortably Great 2 bedroom apartment in perfect location in Amsterdam. Brand new renovation.  The apartment is situated 2 minutes walk from Museum district and Heineken experience. 5 min walk to Flower market. Very well connected with public transport ( 4 stops with tram from central station). Right on the edge between City Centre  and the Pijp, the area is full with restaurants, cafeterias and coffee shops :) The apartment is situated on the 3rd (last ) floor in typical Dutch house, it has two levels. On the first level there is one specious bedroom, living room with big sofa , bathroom and fully equipped kitchen On the second level you will find another bedroom and from there you can access the best part of the apartment - private roof terrace, if you are lucky and the weather is good you can enjoy the sunny 16sq.m roof terrace. I'm available via email an",,,Please follow the regular noise hours and respect the  neighbours! Smoking is allowed only in the kitchen and the terrace outside ! No Pets
