"On walking distance to Rijksmuseum and Leidsche Square, and the old city centre around the corner is this amazing bright designer apartment in a building that is a local monument, with a view to die for from a private roof top terrace.","The space was designed by a famous architect from Amsterdam, and recently redecorated with a contemporary designer look. The apartment is on the top floor of a monumental building. The living room has an exceptional high ceiling - so from the sofa you can see the master bedroom 'hanging' above the dinner table. For cold nights - turn on the fireplace and pick a DVD from the large DVD collection to watch on the HD flat screen.  The large convenient kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave and a large Smeg oven - big enough to cook for a large group of friends visting.   On the same floor is the guest room with view over the city centre, and the luxurious bathroom with bath, shower, toilet. From here also a great view. Please note the bed in the guest room is 140cm wide.  When going up one floor you reach the master bedroom. It has windows on all 4 sides - so you have a 360 degree view over the city centre (and beyond). From here you can also access the large roof top terrace that has a truly","On walking distance to Rijksmuseum and Leidsche Square, and the old city centre around the corner is this amazing bright designer apartment in a building that is a local monument, with a view to die for from a private roof top terrace. The space was designed by a famous architect from Amsterdam, and recently redecorated with a contemporary designer look. The apartment is on the top floor of a monumental building. The living room has an exceptional high ceiling - so from the sofa you can see the master bedroom 'hanging' above the dinner table. For cold nights - turn on the fireplace and pick a DVD from the large DVD collection to watch on the HD flat screen.  The large convenient kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave and a large Smeg oven - big enough to cook for a large group of friends visting.   On the same floor is the guest room with view over the city centre, and the luxurious bathroom with bath, shower, toilet. From here also a great view. Please note the bed in the guest room is 1",,"The apartment is very well situated for public transport (5 tram lines stop close to the apartment). Even though there is a tramline in front of the apartment, due to the apartment being on the 4th floor and the bed rooms being at the back of the apartment, you will not notice this when there. You might not need public transport during your stay: from the apartment it is a short walk to both Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum (Contemporary Art museum). De Pijp - a very trendy hood with a popular market (Albert Kuyp market) and nice shops is a short walk away. On the other side of the apartment, turn 1 corner and you walk by canals in the old city centre, and reach both Leidsche Square and Rembrandsqaure in a 10-15 minute walk.","- respect the neighbors  - smoking possible on rooftop, but not inside apartment.  - leave the apartment in the same shape you got it (=clean and in 1 piece:)) - dont put the frying pan in the dish washer (its looks very pretty - but practical: not really).  - heating down to 15 degrees when you leave apt.  - if you find food / drinks in the house that you'd like to eat, replace it with a new package.  - And this is spelling out the obvious (but previous guests ruined it for you;)): don't drink a bottle of champagne without replacing it."
