"A great location in De Pijp, close to RAI, Sarphatipark and Albert Cuyp market. The living room is light and spacious. There is a modern open kitchen and a modern bathroom with a rainshower. There is a large sunny balcony with no neighbors across.","- great spacious apartment on the first floor in a quiet street in a lively neighborhood (De Pijp) - very good located, close to the  congress centre RAI Amsterdam, museums, public transport,  Sarphatipark & Albert Cuyp market - bright living room with a modern kitchen - very comfortable big pull-out sofa bed for 2 persons in living room  - wifi  - large & sunny private balcony (there are no neighbors across!)  - modern bathroom with toilet & rain shower De Pijp is a lively neighborhood, close to the city centre, Museumplein, Sarphatipark & Albert Cuyp market.  Lots of nice restaurants and bars are just around corner. There is also a cinema and a bike rental. Many nice stores and a big supermarket are just a few blocks away. Easy to reach by car (parking space in front of the door, but you have to pay, except at night and on Sundays) or public transport (tram 3, 4, 12, 24 & train stations Amsterdam Amstel/ RAI/ Muiderpoort). I am sure you will enjoy your stay here!","A great location in De Pijp, close to RAI, Sarphatipark and Albert Cuyp market. The living room is light and spacious. There is a modern open kitchen and a modern bathroom with a rainshower. There is a large sunny balcony with no neighbors across. - great spacious apartment on the first floor in a quiet street in a lively neighborhood (De Pijp) - very good located, close to the  congress centre RAI Amsterdam, museums, public transport,  Sarphatipark & Albert Cuyp market - bright living room with a modern kitchen - very comfortable big pull-out sofa bed for 2 persons in living room  - wifi  - large & sunny private balcony (there are no neighbors across!)  - modern bathroom with toilet & rain shower De Pijp is a lively neighborhood, close to the city centre, Museumplein, Sarphatipark & Albert Cuyp market.  Lots of nice restaurants and bars are just around corner. There is also a cinema and a bike rental. Many nice stores and a big supermarket are just a few blocks away. Easy to reach by ","De Pijp is a lively neighborhood, close to the city centre, Museumplein (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum), Sarphatipark & Albert Cuyp market.  Lots of nice restaurants and bars are just around corner. There is also a cinema and a bike rental. Many nice stores and a big supermarket are just a few blocks away.","Easy to reach by car (parking space in front of the door, but you have to pay, except at night and on Sundays) or public transport (tram 3, 4, 12, 24 & train stations Amsterdam Central Station/  Zuid/ Amstel/ RAI/ Muiderpoort).",No smoking and pets allowed (but of course you can smoke on the balcony!). Please water my flowers on the balcony during summer!
