"Beautiful apartment in the center of Amsterdam, only 5 minutes away from the Jordaan, the famous canals and the Anne Frank museum. Quiet and piecefully located with a nice view at the water and park. And all this right in the center of Amsterdam! ","Nicely decorated apartment in the center of Amsterdam, very close to the Jordaan where you can find our famous canals, the Anne Frank House, and the historical center. The apartment has 1 bedroom, with a 2-persons bed. There is an opportunity for 2 extra persons to sleep in the livingroom, I will make sure there's an extra bed if you'd prefer this. The extra costs will be 30 euro per person. The apartment has a large badroom with a nice bath and shower, a livingroom with a big, comfy sofa and a dinertable for 4 persons. The balcony is facing west, for the sunny moments in the afternoon and evening, and the living room has big windows that can open entirely, facing a beautiful park and water where you can chill and relax. All this in the center of Amsterdam..!","Beautiful apartment in the center of Amsterdam, only 5 minutes away from the Jordaan, the famous canals and the Anne Frank museum. Quiet and piecefully located with a nice view at the water and park. And all this right in the center of Amsterdam!  Nicely decorated apartment in the center of Amsterdam, very close to the Jordaan where you can find our famous canals, the Anne Frank House, and the historical center. The apartment has 1 bedroom, with a 2-persons bed. There is an opportunity for 2 extra persons to sleep in the livingroom, I will make sure there's an extra bed if you'd prefer this. The extra costs will be 30 euro per person. The apartment has a large badroom with a nice bath and shower, a livingroom with a big, comfy sofa and a dinertable for 4 persons. The balcony is facing west, for the sunny moments in the afternoon and evening, and the living room has big windows that can open entirely, facing a beautiful park and water where you can chill and relax. All this in the cente","What I love about the neighborhood is that it's very quiet and peaceful, and that in the center of Amsterdam! The Jordaan is very close by, and lots of good restaurants are just around the corner.","Public transportation is at the end of the street. The tram takes you everywhere you want to go in the city center. You can also rent bikes around the corner, for a active way to explore Amsterdam. Blend in with the Dutchies and bike around Amsterdam! A great experience! The trainstation is also close by, from there you will be at Amsterdam Airport in just 10 minutes..",No smoking in the house please. Also no pets please!
