"Apartment with healthy garden in Amsterdam City Centre for work or a Holiday/vacation For 2-3 adults / Family + 2-3 children Next to Amsterdam RAI business Excellent for sightseeing  Directly access to trams and trains  Children beds, safe environment  Clean, spacious&wifi","Great apt. with garden in city center For 2-3 adults / or Family + 2-3 children Very very near Amsterdam RAI Excellent location for sightseeing Nice family house  Directly next to trams and trains  Children beds available  In a good and safe environment  Clean and spacious  Wifi included  A good stay in Amsterdam Houses 2-3 adults OK Great for Zuidas + RAI business (5min walk) And 2 adults, and up to 3 children perfectly The house is very spacious for Amsterdam. Nice sunny garden and open kitchen. Your best visit to Amsterdam! Perfect for couples and family with kids. Or professionals visiting RAI. Large sunny garden.  The River neighbourhood: This is one if the best neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Close to everything. Clean and Safe.  Close to all public transport. Tram trains or bus. Excellent for getting around. Tram leaves and of street. Train very nearby. Quick travel to Schiphol.","Apartment with healthy garden in Amsterdam City Centre for work or a Holiday/vacation For 2-3 adults / Family + 2-3 children Next to Amsterdam RAI business Excellent for sightseeing  Directly access to trams and trains  Children beds, safe environment  Clean, spacious&wifi Great apt. with garden in city center For 2-3 adults / or Family + 2-3 children Very very near Amsterdam RAI Excellent location for sightseeing Nice family house  Directly next to trams and trains  Children beds available  In a good and safe environment  Clean and spacious  Wifi included  A good stay in Amsterdam Houses 2-3 adults OK Great for Zuidas + RAI business (5min walk) And 2 adults, and up to 3 children perfectly The house is very spacious for Amsterdam. Nice sunny garden and open kitchen. Your best visit to Amsterdam! Perfect for couples and family with kids. Or professionals visiting RAI. Large sunny garden.  The River neighbourhood: This is one if the best neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Close to everything. C","The River neighbourhood: This is one if the best neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Close to everything. Clean and Safe. Near sports, swimming, convention centre, grocery stores and city centre. Very safe. The River neighbourhood is one of the most central locations in Amsterdam. Adjacent to 2 train stations, multiple trams and very accessible for TAXI. Verry sunny and spacious.",Close to all public transport. Tram trains or bus. Excellent for getting around. Tram at the end of the street. Train very very nearby. Airport is a 20 minute ride. From Schiphol airport you are here in a flash.,"For rent to business and families Give the house a thorough sweep and clean befor leaving Clean kitchen, toilet, sink and bathroom as you received it Take out the trash before leaving (across the street) No parties and no guest allowed unless explicitly asked to host and approved by host before the booking confirmation.  No extraordinary sounds/noise after 10PM. Move Inside after 10pm.  Do not access other rooms that are not in use. Do not use other beds then 1 per person.  Be aware that young children live next and under our apartment Absolutely no pets No smoking inside"
