"Recently renovated apartment with two sunny balconies on front- and backside, perfect for your stay in the east center of Amsterdam! Lovely, light and spacious apartment, close to the center, facing the beautiful garden ‘Oosterpark’.","This lovely apartment is the perfect base for your trip to Amsterdam. It's bright and spacious (70m2) and situated on the fourth floor, in a clean and safe street. facing the beautiful garden ‘Oosterpark’. It is recently renovated and has two sunny balconies on front- and backside.   Enjoy your stay in this bright and spacious apartment, which easily fits a group of 3/4, so it is perfect for families. Its location is truly ideal; all of Amsterdam's major sights are only a stone's throw away! It's absolutely perfect! A cozy big living room with a huge lounge seat and TV, seperate dining area with 4 comfortable chairs where you can enjoy a nice home-cooked meal. The living room is also big enough for two sleeping places. The state-of-the-art kitchen, comes with a nice breakfast bar, and all the kitchen gear you need to show your travel party some serious cooking skills, including a Nespresso machine with coffee cups, a convection oven and a dishwasher! So you don't have to worry about wh","Recently renovated apartment with two sunny balconies on front- and backside, perfect for your stay in the east center of Amsterdam! Lovely, light and spacious apartment, close to the center, facing the beautiful garden ‘Oosterpark’. This lovely apartment is the perfect base for your trip to Amsterdam. It's bright and spacious (70m2) and situated on the fourth floor, in a clean and safe street. facing the beautiful garden ‘Oosterpark’. It is recently renovated and has two sunny balconies on front- and backside.   Enjoy your stay in this bright and spacious apartment, which easily fits a group of 3/4, so it is perfect for families. Its location is truly ideal; all of Amsterdam's major sights are only a stone's throw away! It's absolutely perfect! A cozy big living room with a huge lounge seat and TV, seperate dining area with 4 comfortable chairs where you can enjoy a nice home-cooked meal. The living room is also big enough for two sleeping places. The state-of-the-art kitchen, comes w","In this neighbourhood you will find all sorts of cafes, restaurants and shops. Supermarket is 2 minutes away, as well as The Oosterpark and the Oosterpoort (brand new shopping area) The Dappermarket and the Amstel river a 5 min. walk, also the tropical museum; cross a bridge and you are near the zoo (Artis), flower garden (Hortus), Jewish museum, Rembrandt house and the Waterlooplein (market) are very close.","Bus stop around the corner. Trams 2 min. walk away (Tram 3, 7 and 10 to Museumplein, Leidseplein, Central Station). Wibautstraat subway station and Amstel train station a 3 minutes walk (Metro 50, 51 and 52 (Central Station and Amsterdam Zuid WTC). All connect easy to Central station and other parts of Amsterdam. If you want to explore the city like a true local, we recommend you rent a bicycle or go by foot. From the apartment to the center it's a bike ride of max. 10 minutes, and there's a lot to see on the way. You should definitely try it!","I kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down, especially on the balcony's. After all, you share the building with other people living there. All in all: we kindly ask you to respect your neighbors - I guarantee a clean house when checking in. When checking out, please leave the apartment closely to the same state as it was provided to you, please wash the dishes en empty the trash can, in order to avoid double cleaning charges - No music in the apartment/loud voices on the balcony after 22:00 - Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - No additional guests allowed without approval  - Make sure to turn off the lights, heating and gas nozzle when it is not needed - respect the environment  - No house parties - No pets allowed - Please be aware of the check in and check out times. These are 15.00 PM and 11.00 AM respectively.  - Late check in: After 8:00PM, I will have to "
