Modern house of 180 square meter at the waterside and nearby the Central Station of Amsterdam with 4 bedrooms with double beds and 2 bathrooms (one downstairs and one upstairs). The living with open kitchen has an open fireplace. Nice big couch. A terrace at the backside of the house (south side) with teak table and 4 chairs and a barbeque. In the front of the house there is also a teak table with a 2 benches (north/east side). You can swim in the water in front of my door (in the IJ)!,The kitchen and the living room with open fireplace are in an open area of 80 square meter and you will have a magnificent view over the water (IJ water and Amsterdam-Rijnkanaal). The loft has an glass floor and you can look downstairs at the living room. There a 4 bedrooms with double beds and the house is available for 8 guests. The dining table is big and has space for 8 persons. There is a grand piano standing in the living room.,Modern house of 180 square meter at the waterside and nearby the Central Station of Amsterdam with 4 bedrooms with double beds and 2 bathrooms (one downstairs and one upstairs). The living with open kitchen has an open fireplace. Nice big couch. A terrace at the backside of the house (south side) with teak table and 4 chairs and a barbeque. In the front of the house there is also a teak table with a 2 benches (north/east side). You can swim in the water in front of my door (in the IJ)! The kitchen and the living room with open fireplace are in an open area of 80 square meter and you will have a magnificent view over the water (IJ water and Amsterdam-Rijnkanaal). The loft has an glass floor and you can look downstairs at the living room. There a 4 bedrooms with double beds and the house is available for 8 guests. The dining table is big and has space for 8 persons. There is a grand piano standing in the living room. You will have access of the whole house!  As much as you want by email ,"The neighborhood is nice, green and quiet. The neighbours are very friendly. The view over the water is magnificent. The water from the IJ is clean and you can swim in it in summertime! The location is only 10 minutes walking to  tram 10 that goes to the inner centre ofAmsterdam or 12 minutes to tram 26 that takes you  to and from the Central Station in less than 10 minutes.",The house can be reached by tram or bus. The Central Station is 10 minutes away by tram 26 (get out the 3rd stop at Rietlandpark and walk another 1 km or 12 minutes to my house). The Central Station is 15 minutes away from Schiphol by train. The house has a very easy access to the Amsterdam ring road. Parking in the front of the house is no problem. There is a lot of space. Parking fee is around 27 euro for 24 hours. You can also rent my car (Fort Focus Station Wagon) for 45 euro a day and than parking is free in front of my house. Tram 10 (500 metres away of my house and less than 8 minutes walking to the tram) brings you to the inner centre of Amsterdam in 15 minutes. By bicycle it takes less than 15 minutes to the centre (it depends where in the centre you are going to). I have a open boat in front of my house that you can rent for 100 euro a day for discover the town and the canals in a very special and  great way. Of course you know how to navigate a boat.,Do not smoke in the house. Do not disturb my neighbours with any kind of noise.  Do not throw anything but toiletpaper in the toilet.  I do not rent to students/graduates or groups of young friends or they must convince me that they act very grown up.
