"A privateroom, a private bathroom and a shared kitchen and livingroom.  This beautifull light apartment is located in a very nice neighbourhood.  De Baarsjes is considered the 'lower east side' of Amsterdam. Booming new bars, cafe's and restaurants.","A privateroom, a private bathroom and a shared kitchen and livingroom.  This beautifull light apartment is located in a very nice neighbourhood.  De Baarsjes is considered the 'lower east side' of Amsterdam. Booming new bars, cafe's and restaurants are opening monthly. A lot of artists are beginning gallerys as well and you will find the surrounding area lively and relaxing. Since this new hype has developped in the last five years the neighbourhood is still residencial and is not as busy as the Leidseplein area. This guarantees a good night sleep. This apartment has a lot of light and personality. You can feel this personal touch through the entire place where there are art pieces from every part of the world, gathered in travels.  During your stay you are very likely to feel at home in this comfortable and light room.  You will find a big collection of cd's, books in many languages and dvd's which will make a night in much more pleasant. The kitchen is as supplied as you will find an","A privateroom, a private bathroom and a shared kitchen and livingroom.  This beautifull light apartment is located in a very nice neighbourhood.  De Baarsjes is considered the 'lower east side' of Amsterdam. Booming new bars, cafe's and restaurants. A privateroom, a private bathroom and a shared kitchen and livingroom.  This beautifull light apartment is located in a very nice neighbourhood.  De Baarsjes is considered the 'lower east side' of Amsterdam. Booming new bars, cafe's and restaurants are opening monthly. A lot of artists are beginning gallerys as well and you will find the surrounding area lively and relaxing. Since this new hype has developped in the last five years the neighbourhood is still residencial and is not as busy as the Leidseplein area. This guarantees a good night sleep. This apartment has a lot of light and personality. You can feel this personal touch through the entire place where there are art pieces from every part of the world, gathered in travels.  During ",,,
