"Quiet and zen studio in the lively neighbourhood called The Pijp! A beautiful studio located on the canal. From your sunny window you see the boats passing by. It feels like outside the city, although you actually are in the most popular neighbourhood of town!","Very cute, quiet and zen studio with a great view in the popular and lively neighbourhood called The Pijp! Very convenient if you need to be in conference center the RAI  (walking distance or 6 minutes by tram). The city center is also near by. You can either take the tram (to get to the stop takes 2 minute walk), bike or walk. The studio is quiet (cause it s on the canal), but situated in the middle of a trendy, lively and popular neighbourhood with a high variety of cafes, restaurants and locals who like this area too. It s also near to the city center. The place has a great view, with boats passing by all day. You are located near to loads of water (Amstel River), restaurants, the Albert Cuypmarket and the beautiful Amstel Park (which even has an authentic windmill!). The RAI conference hall is very easy to reach, by foot or tram (6 minutes by tram, about 20 minutes walk).  Public transport (tram number 4) will take you under 10 minutes to, for example, Rembrandtsquare which is down","Quiet and zen studio in the lively neighbourhood called The Pijp! A beautiful studio located on the canal. From your sunny window you see the boats passing by. It feels like outside the city, although you actually are in the most popular neighbourhood of town! Very cute, quiet and zen studio with a great view in the popular and lively neighbourhood called The Pijp! Very convenient if you need to be in conference center the RAI  (walking distance or 6 minutes by tram). The city center is also near by. You can either take the tram (to get to the stop takes 2 minute walk), bike or walk. The studio is quiet (cause it s on the canal), but situated in the middle of a trendy, lively and popular neighbourhood with a high variety of cafes, restaurants and locals who like this area too. It s also near to the city center. The place has a great view, with boats passing by all day. You are located near to loads of water (Amstel River), restaurants, the Albert Cuypmarket and the beautiful Amstel Par","The studio is quiet (cause it s on the canal), but situated in the middle of a trendy, lively and popular neighborhood with loads of cafes, restaurants and locals who like this area too. It s also near to the city center. The place has a great view, with boats passing by all day. You are located near to loads of water (Amstel River), restaurants, the Albert Cuypmarket and the beautiful Amstel Park (which even has an authentic windmill!).","Public transport will take you under 10 minutes to, for example, Rembrandtsquare which is downtown. You can rent bikes around the corner. Or if you wanna have the real Amsterdam expericience:  go for a boat! Boaty, a bit further down the street, in front of the high-end Okura hotel, rents them out.",No smoking and animals allowed. No exceptional noise (especially in the staircase) in order to keep the peace with the surroundings. Guest can't bring other people if not beforehand asked No check in or check out between 2300 and 0730
