"New renovated apartment with a nice vibe! A neighbourhood with a great atmosphere. Our home is perfectly located to visit Amsterdam. It's near the Jordaan area, Anne Frank museum, City Center, Leidse Square, Rijksmuseum, Westerpark & 9-streets.","A great 60m2 apartment with a 65m2 garden. The luminous apartment has an open kitchen with a cooking island and a bar. Great neighbors, busy and colorful outside life, quiet and relaxed inside the house. The bedroom is located with a view on the garden, so you will have a good night rest.  The apartment has a private bedroom, a big living room with an fully equipped open kitchen and a cosy bathroom with floor heating and a bath.","New renovated apartment with a nice vibe! A neighbourhood with a great atmosphere. Our home is perfectly located to visit Amsterdam. It's near the Jordaan area, Anne Frank museum, City Center, Leidse Square, Rijksmuseum, Westerpark & 9-streets. A great 60m2 apartment with a 65m2 garden. The luminous apartment has an open kitchen with a cooking island and a bar. Great neighbors, busy and colorful outside life, quiet and relaxed inside the house. The bedroom is located with a view on the garden, so you will have a good night rest.  The apartment has a private bedroom, a big living room with an fully equipped open kitchen and a cosy bathroom with floor heating and a bath. It's bright and newly renovated and has all the comfort you'll need during your stay such as: *WiFi  *Double bed (140cm)  *Fully equipped kitchen with fridge/oven/dishwasher 5 pit cooker *Bathroom with shower  *Towels and linnen  *Non-smoking  *City guide You are one minute walk from the Jordaan, with a wonderful market ","You are one minute walk from the Jordaan, with a wonderful market each saturday where you can taste the Dutch and other foreign delicacies. The Jordaan is the best and typical quarter in Amsterdam where you can see the real life of the ""Amsterdammer"". Great restaurants, little cosy shops, brown cafe's and friendly people.","The supermarket is just around the corner. Take a bike, bus, tram (just in front of the house), taxi or go by foot and explore Amsterdam. With this centrally located apartment you are at your destination within 5-10 minutes. You can reach the central station within 10 minutes by bus.","No smoking in the house but in the garden, no pets, no drugs, no guests. Treat our home like if it would be your own :D"
