"The master bedroom with adjacent bathroom Modern, design furniture, very light and bright, huge equipped kitchen, fireplace, great balconies and floating terraces.  You rent this room with private bathroom. I have another room on the house that can also be rented. The 3rd person in a separate room upon request.","New designed houseboat, 2 layers in the centre of Amsterdam. Houseboat has 2 layers and is 150m2. It contains a big modern kitchen and living room with fireplace. Outside it has 2 big terraces and 2 balconies. One side is glass and the houseboat is very light. It has heated floor a modern double showered bath room also with a bubble bath. decoration is design furniture and all is brand new. I have 2 cats but they have their toilet outside. Public transport is nearby and you can walk into the Jordaan in 5 minutes.  The houseboat is located 500 meters from the heart of the Jordaan, in the historic center of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is an area full of small restaurants, terraces, fun shops alternating with beautiful canals, small streets and with a variety of wonderful historic buildings. The Jordaan borders on the well-known shopping area the Negen Kleine Straatjes (literally: Nine Little Streets) were you can also find many small shops and cozy restaurants. Within walking distance you wil","New designed houseboat, 2 layers in the centre of Amsterdam. Houseboat has 2 layers and is 150m2. It contains a big modern kitchen and living room with fireplace. Outside it has 2 big terraces and 2 balconies. One side is glass and the houseboat is very light. It has heated floor a modern double showered bath room also with a bubble bath. decoration is design furniture and all is brand new. I have 2 cats but they have their toilet outside. Public transport is nearby and you can walk into the Jordaan in 5 minutes.  The houseboat is located 500 meters from the heart of the Jordaan, in the historic center of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is an area full of small restaurants, terraces, fun shops alternating with beautiful canals, small streets and with a variety of wonderful historic buildings. The Jordaan borders on the well-known shopping area the Negen Kleine Straatjes (literally: Nine Little Streets) were you can also find many small shops and cozy restaurants. Within walking distance you wil",Quiet but just right outside the Jordaan. The oldest part of the center.,Bus 21 to central station,No smoking inside the boat but on the balcony or terrace.
