"Comfortable spacious accomodation, 2 balconies overlooking beautiful park in hip neighbhd, de Pijp. Well-equipped. Perfect for small fam. or couple. Van Gogh & Rijks Museum, (trendy) bars, restaurants, market and boutiques nearby. Extra bed possible.","Beautiful and modern apartment, 150 m2, well equipped, on first and second floor with sunny balconies overlooking the park. One masterbedroom, one children's room with high bed and possibility for one extra bed in study.","Comfortable spacious accomodation, 2 balconies overlooking beautiful park in hip neighbhd, de Pijp. Well-equipped. Perfect for small fam. or couple. Van Gogh & Rijks Museum, (trendy) bars, restaurants, market and boutiques nearby. Extra bed possible. Beautiful and modern apartment, 150 m2, well equipped, on first and second floor with sunny balconies overlooking the park. One masterbedroom, one children's room with high bed and possibility for one extra bed in study. Fast wifi, washing machine, drier, stereo, tv, well equipped kitchen, fire place. We are not present during your stay. Our apartment is in the middle of De Pijp, a assaume, very lively neighborhood, with trendy bars and restaurants, shops and boutiques and a daily market right on the corner. We have a very nice and populair park in front of our house (specially when sunny crowded with people picknicking). It's a fifteen minutes walk to the Museum Square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum en Het Stedelijk - Modern Art Museum), t","Our apartment is in the middle of De Pijp, a assaume, very lively neighborhood, with trendy bars and restaurants, shops and boutiques and a daily market right on the corner. We have a very nice and populair park in front of our house (specially when sunny crowded with people picknicking). It's a fifteen minutes walk to the Museum Square (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum en Het Stedelijk - Modern Art Museum), the heart of town is twenty minutes walking or five minutes by tram.","easily connected to all tram lines, close to exit road for airport and rest of country ",
