"Unique spot in the most wanted neighborhood in Amsterdam. Experience the real Amsterdam feeling with plenty of trendy coffee bars, lunch spots and diner places, just around te corner. Walking distance to the Heineken Museum and the famous Albert Cuijp market. Being a host is more to me than just providing a key, it's making sure you feel welcome!","This 60 m2 apartment has everything you need for a convenient stay in Amsterdam. It’s located in the trendy area called ‘De Pijp’.  Next to its large living room with sitting and dining area, there is a cosy modern kitchen, a spacious bright bedroom and a modern bathroom with separate toilet. You will have your own private 60m2 garden with lots of sun.    You can walk everything from the apartment, minutes to the famous Albert Cuyp Market, wine and dine around the corner. Even the Heineken Museum is in 3 minutes walking distance. Although the area is vibrating and alive, this apartment is very calm and quiet. Close to Vondelpark for nice runs during the day or having a picknick with friends. There’s nothing romantic than walking along the canals at night.  BEDROOMS  The master bedroom sleeps two (double bed). There is an option to have 1 person sleep on the extra bed in the living room or if you prefer the sofa. Towels and bed linen are included. THE AREA  The apartment is situated in ","Unique spot in the most wanted neighborhood in Amsterdam. Experience the real Amsterdam feeling with plenty of trendy coffee bars, lunch spots and diner places, just around te corner. Walking distance to the Heineken Museum and the famous Albert Cuijp market. Being a host is more to me than just providing a key, it's making sure you feel welcome! This 60 m2 apartment has everything you need for a convenient stay in Amsterdam. It’s located in the trendy area called ‘De Pijp’.  Next to its large living room with sitting and dining area, there is a cosy modern kitchen, a spacious bright bedroom and a modern bathroom with separate toilet. You will have your own private 60m2 garden with lots of sun.    You can walk everything from the apartment, minutes to the famous Albert Cuyp Market, wine and dine around the corner. Even the Heineken Museum is in 3 minutes walking distance. Although the area is vibrating and alive, this apartment is very calm and quiet. Close to Vondelpark for nice runs ",,,
