"Great apartment. I love the neighborhood with all those good restaurants. Supermarket and grocery are across the apartment and off course for business we have all the facilities and probably it's the apartment the most close by the RAI (perfect for business people who go to the IBC). Walk in 5 minutes. Further public transport like tram, bus, underground, train, will bring you everywhere. 10 minutes in centre and 10 minutes to airport Schiphol.","For people who love luxery. This very well located apartment is perfect to celebrate good times in Amsterdam. One of the best and famous restaurant streets, de ""Scheldestraat"" is only a 2 minutes walk and the Business meeting center RAI is opposite the building (so great if you go to the IBC conference).  The Scheldestraat is a street leading towards the 'rivierenbuurt' in Amsterdam. Besides the very good restaurants you can enjoy ice-cream in some of Amsterdam's best salons. The apartment is also close to the RAI. This is one of the largest exhibition and conference centers in the Netherlands for international trade fairs, exhibitions, and congresses. The appartment is 90m2 with big living room included a cooking island and bar, one bedroom and a bathroom with walk in shower and bath and music sound system. Also Internet Wi-fi connection and great connection with bus, tram and metro to the city centre and trainstation is in front of the house, train to the Airport in 10 minutes (just ","Great apartment. I love the neighborhood with all those good restaurants. Supermarket and grocery are across the apartment and off course for business we have all the facilities and probably it's the apartment the most close by the RAI (perfect for business people who go to the IBC). Walk in 5 minutes. Further public transport like tram, bus, underground, train, will bring you everywhere. 10 minutes in centre and 10 minutes to airport Schiphol. For people who love luxery. This very well located apartment is perfect to celebrate good times in Amsterdam. One of the best and famous restaurant streets, de ""Scheldestraat"" is only a 2 minutes walk and the Business meeting center RAI is opposite the building (so great if you go to the IBC conference).  The Scheldestraat is a street leading towards the 'rivierenbuurt' in Amsterdam. Besides the very good restaurants you can enjoy ice-cream in some of Amsterdam's best salons. The apartment is also close to the RAI. This is one of the largest exh",,,Use it like it's your own apartment and you will have an amazing and relaxed time in Amsterdam!
