This beautiful spacious apartment is located right in the center and museum area with the Vondel Park only 100 meters away. Almost all the highlights someone should see in Amsterdam are within walking distance. It's a luxurious yet cosy place.,"This apartment is located in the museum area of Amsterdam. It's a very beautiful,safe neighborhood in the centre of the city. The rijksmuseum, van gogh museum, stedelijk museum, museumplein, leidseplein(entertainment area), vondelpark are just minutes away. Also there is a starting point for a canal cruise around the corner. There is a bike rental next door and tram 1 stop is 50 m from the front door and takes you to and from central station. The apartment is 90 square meters. There is: 1 bedroom, living room, kitchen, toilet, bathroom and a balcony. I would describe my style as eclectic. Since I'm a big travel fan myself I decorate my house with things I bring back home from my travels through South America, Asia and Europe. There is a fully equipped kitchen; dishwasher, coffee machine stove, oven etc. The bathroom is very luxurious and the big bathtub comes in handy after a long day of walking through the city. In the bathroom you also find a washing machine and a dryer. I recently r","This beautiful spacious apartment is located right in the center and museum area with the Vondel Park only 100 meters away. Almost all the highlights someone should see in Amsterdam are within walking distance. It's a luxurious yet cosy place. This apartment is located in the museum area of Amsterdam. It's a very beautiful,safe neighborhood in the centre of the city. The rijksmuseum, van gogh museum, stedelijk museum, museumplein, leidseplein(entertainment area), vondelpark are just minutes away. Also there is a starting point for a canal cruise around the corner. There is a bike rental next door and tram 1 stop is 50 m from the front door and takes you to and from central station. The apartment is 90 square meters. There is: 1 bedroom, living room, kitchen, toilet, bathroom and a balcony. I would describe my style as eclectic. Since I'm a big travel fan myself I decorate my house with things I bring back home from my travels through South America, Asia and Europe. There is a fully equ",,,
