This apartment is situated in the middle of the city center. With 2 nice quiet bedroom rooms this is the ideal place to explore Amsterdam. Our house combines the best of both worlds: located in one of the busiest parts and it is still tranquil.," The bedrooms:  One bedroom is 17 sq.m. with a big 180x200 bed. The other 15 sq.m. L-shaped bedroom is also a very quiet cosy room with a comfortable 140x200 Auping bed. Pillow’s, clean sheets and bath towels are included.   We have an information sheet for guests, covering all the trendy hotspots of Amsterdam!! If that's not enough there are plenty off english info-books available. This for the real Amsterdam experience. Please let us know if you have a specific hobby or any other special request, we are willing to help and give you the best advice! ","This apartment is situated in the middle of the city center. With 2 nice quiet bedroom rooms this is the ideal place to explore Amsterdam. Our house combines the best of both worlds: located in one of the busiest parts and it is still tranquil. The bedrooms:  One bedroom is 17 sq.m. with a big 180x200 bed. The other 15 sq.m. L-shaped bedroom is also a very quiet cosy room with a comfortable 140x200 Auping bed. Pillow’s, clean sheets and bath towels are included.   We have an information sheet for guests, covering all the trendy hotspots of Amsterdam!! If that's not enough there are plenty off english info-books available. This for the real Amsterdam experience. Please let us know if you have a specific hobby or any other special request, we are willing to help and give you the best advice!  30 meters from the apartment is a tram stop (it will take you 12 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station). So it's super easy to reach by public-transport.  Please have a look on a map ... , as you can",30 meters from the apartment is a tram stop (it will take you 12 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station). So it's super easy to reach by public-transport.  ,"Please have a look on a map ... , as you can see a more central location is not possible! So you are able to explore the city by foot or bike! ",- No smoking in or around the apartment - No drugs in or around the apartment - Please respect our neighbors and treat the apartment if it is your own.
