,"This is a lovely comfortable three room first floor light filled apartment with everything you need, perfect for a couple or two friends. Two extra people could also sleep on the fold out sofa bed.  It has facilities such as wireless internet, TV, an equipped kitchen, a dining table for four people. Everything else is right around the corner as the apartment is located in the heart of “De Pijp”, one of the coziest and funkiest neighborhoods of Amsterdam.  De Pijp is well known for its lively streets, small shops, intimate restaurants, cozy cafes, many terraces and authentic Amsterdam charm. It is the place that Amsterdamer’s love to go out and catch a drink or just grab a bite to eat. This apartment is ideally located just around the corner from bars and restaurants.  The apartment is located in walking distance of the popular attractions; Rijks Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Vondel Park, Sarphati park, Leidse Square (bar/café/club scene) and the biggest one; the Albert Cuyp market. The Albe","This is a lovely comfortable three room first floor light filled apartment with everything you need, perfect for a couple or two friends. Two extra people could also sleep on the fold out sofa bed.  It has facilities such as wireless internet, TV, an equipped kitchen, a dining table for four people. Everything else is right around the corner as the apartment is located in the heart of “De Pijp”, one of the coziest and funkiest neighborhoods of Amsterdam.  De Pijp is well known for its lively streets, small shops, intimate restaurants, cozy cafes, many terraces and authentic Amsterdam charm. It is the place that Amsterdamer’s love to go out and catch a drink or just grab a bite to eat. This apartment is ideally located just around the corner from bars and restaurants.  The apartment is located in walking distance of the popular attractions; Rijks Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Vondel Park, Sarphati park, Leidse Square (bar/café/club scene) and the biggest one; the Albert Cuyp market. The Albe",,,"No smoking inside and respect the neighbours, no loud noise after midnight."
