"I love to live here. It is quiet and so much light and the view...! I can walk a few blocks to the lively Jordaan area and the canals but can also take the boat around the corner to the North, the more creative & rough city part of Amsterdam.","My apartment is kind of special i think ;-) To begin with: The VIEW : It holds the 2 top floors, has 3 windowed walls in the living room so there is very much light and a great view over the water, the old harbor and all the big boats sailing underneath my window). Furthermore, besides the relaxation of the water area,  it is on walking distance to the best shopping street of amsterdam, ( the haarlemmerstraat - (website hidden) ) the central station and the jordaan area So i enjoy the harbor atmosphere close to the livelihood of the city center. There is almost no neighbor and street noice, only birds and some car noises from a few streets away.  On the first floor there is the living/kitchen room of 50 m2. Open stairs led you to the 2nd floor with the bedroom and the bathroom(with bathtub).  Wifi internet and interactive TV is available. Check out the pics for a good impression!  For bookings > 10 days, please send the request one month prior to the date of arrival.","I love to live here. It is quiet and so much light and the view...! I can walk a few blocks to the lively Jordaan area and the canals but can also take the boat around the corner to the North, the more creative & rough city part of Amsterdam. My apartment is kind of special i think ;-) To begin with: The VIEW : It holds the 2 top floors, has 3 windowed walls in the living room so there is very much light and a great view over the water, the old harbor and all the big boats sailing underneath my window). Furthermore, besides the relaxation of the water area,  it is on walking distance to the best shopping street of amsterdam, ( the haarlemmerstraat - (website hidden) ) the central station and the jordaan area So i enjoy the harbor atmosphere close to the livelihood of the city center. There is almost no neighbor and street noice, only birds and some car noises from a few streets away.  On the first floor there is the living/kitchen room of 50 m2. Open stairs led you to the 2nd floor wit","I love the quietness - thanks to the big canal in front of my house there is not so much traffic. The neighborhood is authentic, quite and very close the the livelyhood of the Jordaan, Westergas terrein and Amsterdam North. So you have best of both worlds. ","Tram stop within 200 meters, 2 bus stops (also to Central Station) within 500 meters, 1 bus stop within 1 km, ferry within 500 meters",I hope people have joy and appreciate my style and apartment are honest and respect my requests if any. Pats are not allowed and smoking is ok but please always open a window afterwards.
