"Our cozy apartment is very light and is located in the very popular area ""De Pijp"". It is close to local restaurants, bars, shops but also to Museumplein. The apartment is in the quiet part of the street, so you will enjoy your sleep.",Our 70 m2 apartment is very light and has been completely renovated retaining many original details. It fits perfectly 2 people in the bedroom. If Amsterdam is sunny you will be able to enjoy the sun while having breakfast in the living room.,"Our cozy apartment is very light and is located in the very popular area ""De Pijp"". It is close to local restaurants, bars, shops but also to Museumplein. The apartment is in the quiet part of the street, so you will enjoy your sleep. Our 70 m2 apartment is very light and has been completely renovated retaining many original details. It fits perfectly 2 people in the bedroom. If Amsterdam is sunny you will be able to enjoy the sun while having breakfast in the living room. ** Use of sofa bed in the living room for sleeping is not permitted** ** Please make sure to update your profile (+ verifications) before booking the apartment.** ** When sending your booking inquiry, please provide your approximate time of arrival, so we can ensure that we (or a friend) can give you the keys.** During your stay you will have access to: - Wi fi, TV - kitchen (dishwasher, gas stove, oven, fridge, freezer)… There is 1 bathroom and one WC. The bathroom has a walk-in shower and a double sink. The toilet ","Our cozy apartment is located in the very popular area ""De Pijp"" having numerous bars, restaurants, cafes and shops. However the street is relatively quiet, so you will be able to enjoy the nights.",Our place is on a walking distance to: Museumplein - 15 minutes Heineken Experience - 10 minutes Albert Cuypmarkt - 5 minutes,"NOT ALLOWED in the appartment: - Pets - Smoking. You can smoke at one of the two balconies. - Shoes. This will ensure that we do not disturb our neighbors and will avoid scratches on the wooden floor. - Eating/drinking red wine on the leather couch (soft leather that gets spots if touched with greasy hands or gets drops of red wine). You can of course use the dining table.  - Parties & loud music. Please respect our neighbours. - Sleeping on the leather couch You need to return the apartment in the same condition you received it. Before booking, please make sure to agree with us on check in time, and update your profile. Please note that there are no curtains in the living room, and that the appartment is on the third floor with steep stairs."
