"Do you, as a woman, want a quiet and safe place to stay in Amsterdam? Then my apartment is the place to be. You get a clean, quiet room with a good bed and green view. You share the rest with the owner. The city center is easily accessible by bus.","This Place is for women only! I like to offer to women who are travelling alone a safe and quiet place to stay. What I have to offer is a  very spacious apartment, 15 minutes bus (nr.32) ride from Amsterdam city center. Immersed in the greenery at Baanakkers Park.  Within walking distance of shoppin (Hidden by Airbnb) Boven 't IJ with all major shops. From here the pretty region of Waterland with villages like Durgerdam, Monnickendam, Volendam and Marken is easy to  reach. You can find several restaurants in walking distance from the apartment. The apartment is pleasantly quiet, spacious and bright. From every room you look out on green and from the living room, the view is panoramic. I have a nice, light, single bedroom for you.  The rest of the apartment is cosy, with natural colours and furniture. You share the apartment with me and sometimes with my female partner. I am away a lot for work or social gatherings. The building has an elevator and the apartment is on one level so ideal","Do you, as a woman, want a quiet and safe place to stay in Amsterdam? Then my apartment is the place to be. You get a clean, quiet room with a good bed and green view. You share the rest with the owner. The city center is easily accessible by bus. This Place is for women only! I like to offer to women who are travelling alone a safe and quiet place to stay. What I have to offer is a  very spacious apartment, 15 minutes bus (nr.32) ride from Amsterdam city center. Immersed in the greenery at Baanakkers Park.  Within walking distance of shoppin (Hidden by Airbnb) Boven 't IJ with all major shops. From here the pretty region of Waterland with villages like Durgerdam, Monnickendam, Volendam and Marken is easy to  reach. You can find several restaurants in walking distance from the apartment. The apartment is pleasantly quiet, spacious and bright. From every room you look out on green and from the living room, the view is panoramic. I have a nice, light, single bedroom for you.  The rest of",My house is in an apartment building in the middle of a green lush environment. The shoppin (Hidden by Airbnb) with supermarkets is only 7 minutes walking from my home. The bus to the center of the city is nearby. It is a quiet neighbourhood from where you can take nice walks in the park.,"It is a 15 minute ride with the train from the airport Schiphol to Amsterdam Central Sation. From there you can take bus 32 from the platform at the back of the station. In 20 minutes you will arrive at bus stop Ilperveldstraat where you get off the bus. On the other side of the street at your right you see two red buildings  behind each other. In the second one is my apartment. If you enter the hall, you can find the bell for number 19 with the name M. Sigling. If you ring the bell I open the door for you. You take the elevator to the 5th and there we will meet each other at my apartment. Welcome!",Please Respect the environment. Deal with the house in the atmosphere as you find it. Enjoy the silence and make no loud noise. Please don't invite other people from outside in the apartment.  Be careful in dealing with fragile items. Always close the house well. Be polite to neighbours. Don't use drugs!
