"Great city apartment in a quiet residential neighborhood and only 5 minutes (by bicycle) from the historic center. Our home is ideal for families with young children that need a city break or getaway. Surrounded by  parcs, shops and restaurants.","comfortable newly renovated family home in centre of Amsterdam, in a 1930's building. The home has a small garden, comfortble kitchen, dining and living room and bathroom with bathtub and separate shower. 1 master bedroom, 2 children's rooms with everything you need for small children, including toys and bikes.  Washer and dryer available. 5 minute tramride to centre and trainstation, 15 minute cabride to airport.","Great city apartment in a quiet residential neighborhood and only 5 minutes (by bicycle) from the historic center. Our home is ideal for families with young children that need a city break or getaway. Surrounded by  parcs, shops and restaurants. comfortable newly renovated family home in centre of Amsterdam, in a 1930's building. The home has a small garden, comfortble kitchen, dining and living room and bathroom with bathtub and separate shower. 1 master bedroom, 2 children's rooms with everything you need for small children, including toys and bikes.  Washer and dryer available. 5 minute tramride to centre and trainstation, 15 minute cabride to airport. full access, except to our garden shed. available via telephone, email and through a service company lively early twentieth century neighborhood with shops, newly opened restaurants, playgrounds and small parks scattered all over. Every week a new restaurant or bar opens up to the hip scene of Amsterdam, leaving plenty to choose from ","lively early twentieth century neighborhood with shops, newly opened restaurants, playgrounds and small parks scattered all over. Every week a new restaurant or bar opens up to the hip scene of Amsterdam, leaving plenty to choose from for a marvelous vacation!","Our home is located footsteps away from public transport stops such as bus- and tramlines. We are a few minutes away by car from the freeway (A10) and nearby Sloterdijk trainstation, from where you can reach Schiphol Airport in just 10 minutes.","our home is perfect for a family with small children or babies. We have everything they need, and it is on the groundfloor with a garden to play in. We rather not have groups of teenagers, rather more responsible people, couples of families. We also require a 250 euro deposit when booking."
