Please send me a message before placing a booking.,"The luxurious rooms with its high ceilings, consisting of living room and ensuite bedroom with a sliding door in between with 2 double beds and a single bed facing the garden, has its own bathroom with a bath and its own fully equipped kitchen. The floors are the original wooden floors. The apartment has lots of light coming through the large windows from both the front and the back of the house. The view is very beautiful  overlooking the green garden at the back.   Very well situated in the heart of Amsterdam with a  5 minutes walk to museums, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk museum and Of course the famous Concertgebouw. The  area is superb with a cross the house supermarket, biological store, bakery, lots of restaurants and shops. The Vondel park is across the street and we are 2 minutes way from the PC hoofdstraat which is the  most elegant street for shopping. The Leidseplein is also extremely close  with lots of restaurants and great night live, it also has a casino. We are 2","Please send me a message before placing a booking. The luxurious rooms with its high ceilings, consisting of living room and ensuite bedroom with a sliding door in between with 2 double beds and a single bed facing the garden, has its own bathroom with a bath and its own fully equipped kitchen. The floors are the original wooden floors. The apartment has lots of light coming through the large windows from both the front and the back of the house. The view is very beautiful  overlooking the green garden at the back.   Very well situated in the heart of Amsterdam with a  5 minutes walk to museums, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk museum and Of course the famous Concertgebouw. The  area is superb with a cross the house supermarket, biological store, bakery, lots of restaurants and shops. The Vondel park is across the street and we are 2 minutes way from the PC hoofdstraat which is the  most elegant street for shopping. The Leidseplein is also extremely close  with lots of restaurants a",,,Clients only
