,"I will be very happy to host you in my Guestroom VONDELPARK AMSTERDAM. It is located at the lovely Vondelpark and in walking distance from the museumdistrict and the Leidseplein with its many with restaurants, cinenmas, theatres and bustling nightlife. The guestroom is on the first floor of a 19th century, beautifully restored 19th century house with many original details and ornaments. The room has a big double bed, a tv, a fridge, coffee/tea making facilities and Wifi. There is a private bathroom. Breakfast is optional when you're staying here for 7 Euros per person. It will be easy to rent bicycles to explore and enjoy the city and its vicinity. You can do your shopping in a supermarket right acros the street which is open from 8 in the morning until 10 in the evening. The neighbourhood is safe, lively and friendly and you can either park in the street of at the Park & Ride Take a look at the pictures; you can feel confident that you will feel happy here!  Sending a booking request ","I will be very happy to host you in my Guestroom VONDELPARK AMSTERDAM. It is located at the lovely Vondelpark and in walking distance from the museumdistrict and the Leidseplein with its many with restaurants, cinenmas, theatres and bustling nightlife. The guestroom is on the first floor of a 19th century, beautifully restored 19th century house with many original details and ornaments. The room has a big double bed, a tv, a fridge, coffee/tea making facilities and Wifi. There is a private bathroom. Breakfast is optional when you're staying here for 7 Euros per person. It will be easy to rent bicycles to explore and enjoy the city and its vicinity. You can do your shopping in a supermarket right acros the street which is open from 8 in the morning until 10 in the evening. The neighbourhood is safe, lively and friendly and you can either park in the street of at the Park & Ride Take a look at the pictures; you can feel confident that you will feel happy here!  Sending a booking request ",,,
