"If you love cats and are coming to Amsterdam we offer our  appartment of 84m2 including the company of our two sweet cats George and Isaac. You just  give them some food in return. the appartment is spacious for Amsterdam standards. QUIET&PEACEFUL apartment and neighbourhood, in the Vondelpark area. However, we are also at 4 minutes of the Hustle and Bustle,  of nice cafe's for breakfast lunch and dinner, and drinks, movies, fresh market, the oldest one in Amsterdam.","You'll stay in a nice modernized, quiet and spacious appartment with a homy feeling to it and 2 lovely cats :-).   There are 2 bedrooms at your disposal: One master bedroom with a high quality luxurious double bed and box spring.  Another room, with a 1.5 persons size bed, where two people who like each other can sleep very well in together :).  And if needed we can transform the couch in the living room into a bed as well. So there is plenty of space for 4 people.  Kitchen is spacious too, with a cosy corner to eat and talk, and an entrance to the balcony which is quite big too.  We have 2 cats, who are easy going, who just need to be fed. Since last month we have a beautiful new modernized bathroom and toilet we are very excited about. Also we improved our living room and kitchen with fresh paint. the photo's are not that great, but you will be pleased with what you get. The appartment is on the 3rd floor. There are several shops close by where you could rent bikes. Many supermarkts ","If you love cats and are coming to Amsterdam we offer our  appartment of 84m2 including the company of our two sweet cats George and Isaac. You just  give them some food in return. the appartment is spacious for Amsterdam standards. QUIET&PEACEFUL apartment and neighbourhood, in the Vondelpark area. However, we are also at 4 minutes of the Hustle and Bustle,  of nice cafe's for breakfast lunch and dinner, and drinks, movies, fresh market, the oldest one in Amsterdam. You'll stay in a nice modernized, quiet and spacious appartment with a homy feeling to it and 2 lovely cats :-).   There are 2 bedrooms at your disposal: One master bedroom with a high quality luxurious double bed and box spring.  Another room, with a 1.5 persons size bed, where two people who like each other can sleep very well in together :).  And if needed we can transform the couch in the living room into a bed as well. So there is plenty of space for 4 people.  Kitchen is spacious too, with a cosy corner to eat and ta","This is the most hip and upcoming neighborhood. Within the hallenquarter with the foodhallen, filmhallen, nice new shops, boutiques, cafes, restaurants, and so much ambiance. Close to all the famous musea: van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Anne Frankhouse and many more.","Public transport is great as well here. We have 3 trams coming close to the appartment, only 3-5 walking distance. Tram 1, 7 & 17. Tram 1 takes you right to and through the city center ending at Central Station (15 min)  Tram 17 does the same thing pretty much. Tram 7 takes you to nice Park + Ride and back in to the city, for those who come by car! Saves you a lot of parking costs. The airport is 35 min away from the house by PT. From Schiphol Airport you take a train towards Amsterdam CS, and you get off at the first stop Amsterdam Lelylaan (8 min). From there take tram 1 or 17 for about 5 stops (10 min), and then walk the last 5 min to the house.","Due to complaints of the neighbors, and please (they sleep next to my kitchen), we have now limited klitchen hours.  And don't mention that you are Airbnb guests. Just tell people you are friends of Marius, and that you stay in his house as he's on holiday. Please don't talk with a loud voice past 10.30 pm in the KItchen. The neighbors sleep next to it :). Let me know when you plan to arrive, so that i can arrange someone to open the door for you and give you the keys. Take your shoes off in the house. No smoking or drug use inside the house."
