Charming stay at Overtoom close to Vondelpark for up to four guests.  The apartment offers plenty of privacy with its own entrance and private balcony.,"Quite exceptional for Amsterdam, the bright and clean first floor rooms, on the ground floor have a direct entrance door to the street. So there will be no strangers on the stairs going to the above apartments, when going to your place to stay. Because of the noise-insulating windows at the front side, it is very quiet. We lodge up to 4 people. The bright living/dining area has large windows that let the light flood in. It overlooks the lively Overtoom, which is great for people and street watching. There is a sheltered balcony at the street side, and a French balcony at the backside.  The sitting room features a double sleeper sofa, TV, and a free WiFi Internet connection, dining table and very comfortable chairs.      The bedroom at the backside looks out onto a quiet courtyard, with the Vondelpark in the near background. Children up to 3 years are free of charge (with baby bed + chair available). The rooms of this accommodation are non-self-contained.","Charming stay at Overtoom close to Vondelpark for up to four guests.  The apartment offers plenty of privacy with its own entrance and private balcony. Quite exceptional for Amsterdam, the bright and clean first floor rooms, on the ground floor have a direct entrance door to the street. So there will be no strangers on the stairs going to the above apartments, when going to your place to stay. Because of the noise-insulating windows at the front side, it is very quiet. We lodge up to 4 people. The bright living/dining area has large windows that let the light flood in. It overlooks the lively Overtoom, which is great for people and street watching. There is a sheltered balcony at the street side, and a French balcony at the backside.  The sitting room features a double sleeper sofa, TV, and a free WiFi Internet connection, dining table and very comfortable chairs.      The bedroom at the backside looks out onto a quiet courtyard, with the Vondelpark in the near background. Children up ","The house lies in the highly popular 19th Century Oud-West neighbourhood and located 100m from the popular Vondelpark.  This is the most famous park in the Netherlands, and the largest city park in Amsterdam. Through the park, it is a 15 minutes walk to the entertainment centre 'Leidseplein' for Amsterdam's night life, and to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and 'Concertgebouw'.   Walking along the Overtoom, one passes antiques shops, restaurants and even a horse riding school/stables that in the old days was frequented by the royal family. Just across the road lie all shops you may need: supermarket with ATM/money machine (open until 22.00h), night shop (open until 01.00h), butcher, laundromat, restaurants, catering services, etc. The coffeebar next door serves perfect coffee, healthy fruit juices and tasty nourishing bites.","The house is within easy reach from the airport. The tram to the centre of town, ending/beginning at the Amsterdam Central station, stops in front of the house and operates every few minutes.","Smoking is not allowed inside, but contemplative smokers will have a good time on the balcony.  Cannabis is allowed on the balcony only."
