"The Heart of the Jordaan B&B is located in the downtown centre of Amsterdam in the historical and world famous Jordaan District. This cozy neighbourhood is known worldwide for its beautiful canals, the Anne Frank House, shopping streets & markets.","The Heart of the Jordaan B&B features a spacious room, in a characteristic century old house. The owner, Marlot, lives in the same building, so you can always ask questions. The room features: • Separate entrance • Separate full bathroom with a shower and toilet • Refrigerator • Coffee machine and kettle • Flatscreen television with Netflix • Bedding and towels • High quality beds • Hairdryer • Free bicycles for sightseeing • Free WiFi","The Heart of the Jordaan B&B is located in the downtown centre of Amsterdam in the historical and world famous Jordaan District. This cozy neighbourhood is known worldwide for its beautiful canals, the Anne Frank House, shopping streets & markets. The Heart of the Jordaan B&B features a spacious room, in a characteristic century old house. The owner, Marlot, lives in the same building, so you can always ask questions. The room features: • Separate entrance • Separate full bathroom with a shower and toilet • Refrigerator • Coffee machine and kettle • Flatscreen television with Netflix • Bedding and towels • High quality beds • Hairdryer • Free bicycles for sightseeing • Free WiFi Check-in is at 15:00 but please check with me to see if an early check in is possible. If I don't have any guests checking out on the day you check in I am fine with an early check-in! Otherwise you can always come by to store your bags and return later for your official check in. Check-out is at 11:00. I alway","The Heart of the Jordaan B&B, found on the Westerstraat, is located in the centre of Amsterdam in the Jordaan District. The Westerstraat is situated in the heart of the district with small shopping streets, restaurants, cafés, and bars all within walking distance. Additionally, the Anne Frank House and the Westerkerk are just around the corner. The Jordaan District is known for 4 large markets. On Monday, you will find the Lapjesmarkt right outside the front door as it takes place on the Westerstraat. The Noordermarkt, which is located at the end of the Westerstraat, holds a large market on Monday morning. Here you will be able to find unique antiques and vintage clothing. On Saturday there is a large market on the Lindengracht as well as a famous organic farmers market on the Noordermarkt.","The closest street car stop is a 300 metre walk from the B&B at the Marnixplein. Here you can take street car #3 which goes directly to the Museumplein (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, PC Hoofstraat). From Marnixplein you can also take bus #18 or #21 straight to Central Station. From the airport - Taxi: I would not take a taxi, very expensive and they might try to rip you off (40-50 euro per car, 25min).  - Uber: The cheapest ride they offer is between 17-23 euro (25min). - Train: Take the train from Schiphol to Amsterdam Central (4.10 euro, 15min). From there on you will have a couple of options.  From Amsterdam Central station - Taxi/Uber: I would not take a taxi, very expensive  for a short distance (7min). If you are lucky it should be around 12 euro but they might not even take you since it is too close by. Uber should be around 6-7 euro from the station. - Bus: Take either bus 18 or bus 21 to Nieuwe Willemsstraat (5min) and walk from there (5min). Total cost of a ",No pets. No smoking. No drugs.
