Just 10 minutes bike ride from the city centre our light appartment welcomes you. It is available for two persons.,"Thanks for taking an interest in our listing.  We are a young couple taking multiple camper trips during the year. While we are away our home is available. The space is suitable for two persons.   Our friend is taking care of any guests, he lives just a few blocks away The bedroom The bedroom is on the back side of the house, so you can be sure this is the place for a perfect night sleep. A cozy 10m2 room. The room contains a double bed (140 x 200) with a quality matrass. For longer stays we will make space in the closet for you to put your clothes in. Of course a washing sink with lamp and mirror. The room will be cleaned before you arrive.  The shower The shower/toilet is accessible through the living room. The kitchen. The kitchen is open to the living room and fully equipped including oven and microwave, of which you can make free use. At the back is our balcony, where we love to have breakfast in the summer and where you are welcome to relax or enjoy the sun.  Transport The apartm","Just 10 minutes bike ride from the city centre our light appartment welcomes you. It is available for two persons. Thanks for taking an interest in our listing.  We are a young couple taking multiple camper trips during the year. While we are away our home is available. The space is suitable for two persons.   Our friend is taking care of any guests, he lives just a few blocks away The bedroom The bedroom is on the back side of the house, so you can be sure this is the place for a perfect night sleep. A cozy 10m2 room. The room contains a double bed (140 x 200) with a quality matrass. For longer stays we will make space in the closet for you to put your clothes in. Of course a washing sink with lamp and mirror. The room will be cleaned before you arrive.  The shower The shower/toilet is accessible through the living room. The kitchen. The kitchen is open to the living room and fully equipped including oven and microwave, of which you can make free use. At the back is our balcony, where","The house is located in a residential neighborhood, on a quiet street. Around the corner (literally) you can find a supermarket, grocers, bakery and convenience stores. Restaurants, lunchrooms and nightlife In our block you find a local canteen ""Rijnkantine"", Chris runs the place and he is always in for a chat. A perfect place to enjoy lunch, dinner or a beer in the sun. It is not open in the weekend or after 22:00, so it stays quiet. You will find 4 really amazing restaurants in 5 minutes walking distance (pizzeria, Chinese, snack bar, etc not counted). In a 5 minute bikeride distance or 6 tram stops you are in the heart of the for locals popular ""de Pijp"" area. This area is packed with all nightlife options thinkable, and yes, even a small red light district.","From Schiphol Airport you can arrive via amsterdam Rai within less than 20 minutes, and central station is just one tram ride away (ca. 20 minutes).  ***After booking you can find arrival directions by clicking the link to the reservation details*** Stay and Transportation We  are always happy to advise or to tell you about our own favorite places or help with any bookings or travel arrangements.",Please mind the neighbours
