"AUGUST DISCOUNT Welcome to one of the oldest canals of Amsterdam! This historical apartment with large windows on the front gives you a stunning view over the canal. Enjoy the different boats sailing by, and the dancers silhouettes across the street.","Ambiance: This bright apartment is housed in a building that has National Monument status, and still shows the original details. But don’t worry, it also has all the luxury’s of modern time! Living room + Spacious, three large windows that give a direct view over the canal. Wide window-ledge is great for having coffee while spotting boats in the summer.  + Design wooden dining table with original Tubax chairs + Comfortable large corner sofa with  Kitchen + Open kitchen, with a bar in the living room + All modern amenities (four pits stove, Nespresso coffee machine and capuchino maker, orange juice press, bread toaster, blender, fridge+ freezer, oven, dishwasher) + We will provide breakfast for the first morning Bathroom + Spacious bathroom with toilet + Sink, shower and bath  + Hair dryer available Bedroom 1 + Large double bed + 2 small bedside tables + reading lights + Large windows with a view on the inner garden + On request, we can free some space in the wardrobe for your clothes B","AUGUST DISCOUNT Welcome to one of the oldest canals of Amsterdam! This historical apartment with large windows on the front gives you a stunning view over the canal. Enjoy the different boats sailing by, and the dancers silhouettes across the street. Ambiance: This bright apartment is housed in a building that has National Monument status, and still shows the original details. But don’t worry, it also has all the luxury’s of modern time! Living room + Spacious, three large windows that give a direct view over the canal. Wide window-ledge is great for having coffee while spotting boats in the summer.  + Design wooden dining table with original Tubax chairs + Comfortable large corner sofa with  Kitchen + Open kitchen, with a bar in the living room + All modern amenities (four pits stove, Nespresso coffee machine and capuchino maker, orange juice press, bread toaster, blender, fridge+ freezer, oven, dishwasher) + We will provide breakfast for the first morning Bathroom + Spacious bathroom","The canal is located in the oldest, UNESCO protected part of Amsterdam, with quite narrow streets. You could easily forget that you are right in the center of Amsterdam. This is the best place you can wish for while visiting Amsterdam!  Public transportation stops are right around the corner, but actually you don’t need it. You can reach everythin in the center by foot, the rest by bike. Within 5 minutes walking distance: + Nieuwmarkt (lively square, terrace, cafés and restaurants, Saturday there is an organic market and Sunday antiques) + Waterlooplein (daily brocante market) + Supermarket and organic supermarket + Rembrandt house (this is where he lived and worked. You can see it from your window!) + Opera house and city hall (together the ‘Stopera’)  + Hermitage museum + Artis Zoo + Botanical garden Hortus Botanicus + Rembrandt square (although I would not recommend it!) Within 15 minutes walking: All the rest in Amsterdam center! ","The apartment is located right around the corner of the lively Nieuwmarkt square, that also has a metro stop. On the Waterlooplein, a 4 minutes’ walk, you can grab several trams. From the Train station Amsterdam Central you can reach the apartment in 11 minutes by foot, or 1 metro stop to Nieuwmarkt.  On several locations close by, you can rent bicycles. I will provide you with some good addresses when you arrive. ","+ Fast wifi is available for our guests + Please don’t smoke in the building! + No pets please + We will provide bed linen and towels + We will take care of a city guide and map, as well as an extensive document that helps you getting to know the best of Amsterdam! + We have a canal boat. When the weather is good and we are in Amsterdam, we could give you a tour through the canals. Please inform in case you’re interested."
