"We offer a beautiful full private home (5 floors) on the amazing Amstel canal. 250m2,  4 bedrooms, & a private garden.  A++ location in the absolute center of town, view on the famous Skinny Bridge & Hermitage. Kids & pets welcome!","Amazing location in the center of town and one of the most incredible views in the city. Lounge in your chair and enjoy the broad views on the water, with the Hermitage and Carre Theatre just across the water. Large warm and cosy full private family home and garden with sun all day!  Classic canal house from 1690.  The spacious house has 4 bedrooms and two bathrooms, a large kitchen, a playing room and separate dining areas and a garden facing south (sun all day long). Normally inhabited by a family with three children and a dog.  Large living room beautiful high decorated ceilings, with double sitting and dining area with beautiful canal views and a charming fireplace, and beautiful wooden floors.  Dining room with kitchen with large refrigerator, large stove, water heater, microwave, dishwasher. A large playroom for the children, with large doors going towards the garden. Large master bedroom with large flatscreen television and spacious bathroom. Washing room with washing machine an","We offer a beautiful full private home (5 floors) on the amazing Amstel canal. 250m2,  4 bedrooms, & a private garden.  A++ location in the absolute center of town, view on the famous Skinny Bridge & Hermitage. Kids & pets welcome! Amazing location in the center of town and one of the most incredible views in the city. Lounge in your chair and enjoy the broad views on the water, with the Hermitage and Carre Theatre just across the water. Large warm and cosy full private family home and garden with sun all day!  Classic canal house from 1690.  The spacious house has 4 bedrooms and two bathrooms, a large kitchen, a playing room and separate dining areas and a garden facing south (sun all day long). Normally inhabited by a family with three children and a dog.  Large living room beautiful high decorated ceilings, with double sitting and dining area with beautiful canal views and a charming fireplace, and beautiful wooden floors.  Dining room with kitchen with large refrigerator, large sto","Centre of town! The location of the house can't be more perfect. It lies straight on the Amstel river, the vibrant Utrechtsestraat with all it's chic & trendy bars and restaurants is only around the corner and so are the bars and restaurants of  the Rembrandtplein and de Pijp (the Latin quarter of Amsterdam) . The city market Albert Cuyp is walking distance away as well as the famous Sarpathi park area with sunny terraces and quint little shops.  Conveniently located around the corner there are two supermarkets open every day of the week.","Easy to get around, public transport (both subway & trams) nearby.","Please be so kind not to smoke in the house. (enough space to smoke private outside)  We expect you to leave the house clean. Our cleaning lady can cleam after you have left.  Guests are responsible to carry out their own trash!  We took great care in decorating our house with unique, mostly irreplacable items. Please love it and respect it the way we do! We allow pets and kids! Think about the neighbors!"
