"With a private roof terrace, large living area and enough space to house a family of 5, this lovely apartment offers everything you need for a relaxed stay in Amsterdam. It's centrally located in the East of Amsterdam in a quiet, residential area.","Our house is a real family home. It has been fully redecorated by ourselves, as we bought this house completely run down in 2010. We've opened up the living room, adding the staircase (and a lot of light) to the room. We love the view; the Rembrandt tower and the communal garden make a lovely mix of Big City and Green Area. On the same floor as the living room, there's a spacious double bedroom, with a small balcony attached. The kitchen is one of our favorite places, with a dining table so you can have cosy dinners. Upstairs there's a large roof terrace with sun though out the day - needless to say this was one of the reasons we bought the house. Upstairs are also our son's and daughter's bedrooms and an open area which we use as a work space for Bas. We have child safety protection throughout the house, with kids proof electricity sockets and staircase fences.","With a private roof terrace, large living area and enough space to house a family of 5, this lovely apartment offers everything you need for a relaxed stay in Amsterdam. It's centrally located in the East of Amsterdam in a quiet, residential area. Our house is a real family home. It has been fully redecorated by ourselves, as we bought this house completely run down in 2010. We've opened up the living room, adding the staircase (and a lot of light) to the room. We love the view; the Rembrandt tower and the communal garden make a lovely mix of Big City and Green Area. On the same floor as the living room, there's a spacious double bedroom, with a small balcony attached. The kitchen is one of our favorite places, with a dining table so you can have cosy dinners. Upstairs there's a large roof terrace with sun though out the day - needless to say this was one of the reasons we bought the house. Upstairs are also our son's and daughter's bedrooms and an open area which we use as a work spac","Although we're located quite central in the city (10 minutes by bike to Dam Square), the neighborhood is quiet and relaxed. We live close to the Amstel river, the famous Canvas club and Baut restaurant and popular districts like de Pijp and Watergraafsmeer. More and more hip little coffee bars and (tapas) restaurants are opening their doors making a stroll in the neighborhood always worthwhile. In front of our  house, there's a communal garden, with lovely walking paths to enjoy all the flowers and crops.","Transport is an added bonus: the subway stop is only a 3 minute walk, and gets you into downtown in three stops (5 minutes). The A10 highway is also close by, and we can even include two bikes to the deal. To make you feel really local :-)",
