a cosey place  in the center of Amsterdam. Please see references about all this what I enjoy myself too .,"A very centrally located  private bedroom ( 1 double bed)       Bedroom located on the very quiet westside of the aparment with sunny balcony from 1300 till 1900 hrs.  On the Prinsencanal side  is your breakfast bar  to enjoy  the canal life  view while you enjoy your selfbought breakfast stuff from the nearby supermarket ( 5 min walk )    My apartament is kind of the homely type...good basic nessecaties and also still a ""work in progress"" . come over and enjoy your time in the Centre of Amsterdam  walking distance to Anna Frank house and Rijksmusuem and Van Gogh museum and many more famous parts of  Amsterdam  From Amsterdam central railway station tram 1 and 2 and 5 takes you to my apartment. and then only about 4min walk  Thank you so much considering to come and stay  at my apartment  @@ Please take special care to read and understand the house rules that  apply to this apartment  as  this  will ensure a pleasant stay and living curcumstance for us  all  and even more importantly f","a cosey place  in the center of Amsterdam. Please see references about all this what I enjoy myself too . A very centrally located  private bedroom ( 1 double bed)       Bedroom located on the very quiet westside of the aparment with sunny balcony from 1300 till 1900 hrs.  On the Prinsencanal side  is your breakfast bar  to enjoy  the canal life  view while you enjoy your selfbought breakfast stuff from the nearby supermarket ( 5 min walk )    My apartament is kind of the homely type...good basic nessecaties and also still a ""work in progress"" . come over and enjoy your time in the Centre of Amsterdam  walking distance to Anna Frank house and Rijksmusuem and Van Gogh museum and many more famous parts of  Amsterdam  From Amsterdam central railway station tram 1 and 2 and 5 takes you to my apartment. and then only about 4min walk  Thank you so much considering to come and stay  at my apartment  @@ Please take special care to read and understand the house rules that  apply to this apartme","you can see from the  (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) map  overview how close I am to  most of the important  Amsterdam  museum and right in the middle of Historic Amsterdam along one of the Canals.  the famous shopping area  "" the nine streets""  are only 100 meters from my place.",To get to my place from  Airport is simplest by  the Red connexxion bus 397  in front of the airport   to the very last stop   callen Amsterdam Elandgracht  from there  walk into the direction the bus is pointed at  and at the very first intersection turn Left and go acrose the bridge into Elandsgracht   at the end of this is  Prinsengracht and you take a R turn   to  my apartment .,"The apartment is part of Body Corporation   therefore house rules apply  1) NO shoes on inside the house   ( to control floor noise ) 2)  Please NO talking  on stairwell    THIS IS TRULY IMPORTANT  3) no excessvie noise  in the house  between 2200 and 0800 hrs      ( that means in general also that if you enjoy getting drunk and doing drugs you can better book a more private room/apartment elsewhere ,  where the effects of  both those enjoyments can not create difficulties )  4) when on the  balcony NO NOISE between  2200 and 0900 hrs  ( thus have a nice smoke or glass of wine but only whisper .. @@  please be serious about this.  I have had complaints  already from the neighbours... please respect this serious request..     please if you know of yourselves that you  can not honour this request please  kindly look for another place to stay....   5) apartment inside  is NON  smoking  6) High hygiene levels expected please  @@ 87) my bedroom PRICE does NOT include  using my cooking.facil"
