"Cozy renovated apartment, Dutch designed with a well equipped kitchen, great bathroom, luxurious bed, balcony and perfect location in the center of Amsterdam, just 5-12 minutes walking distance from all interesting sites and nightlife.","Welcome to my home. When I travel, I offer my home for you to enjoy the same things that made me choose the centre of Amsterdam to be my home. The apartment is modern, renovated, with a well equipped kitchen (you are welcome to use the Nespresso machine and the dishwasher), a clean bathroom with a shower, a bath tub and the lights can be dimmed for a… relaxing bath experience. It's in the centre of Amsterdam, just 5-12 minutes walking distance from the Anne Frank House, the Dam square, the Homo Monument, the 9 Streets, the Noordermarkt and the Leidseplein. In the cozy Jordaan, Amsterdam’s best neighborhood.  Facilities include:  •Bathroom with a bath tub, shower and toilet •Bedroom with luxurious Tempur mattresses and a King size bed: 200 x 180 cm •Balcony (11 m2) where the sun shines from ±4pm till sunset (make sure you have a bottle of wine for a perfect experience!) •Kitchen, fully equipped, with a dish washer, fridge and microwave combi oven  •Dining room with a glorious, large woo","Cozy renovated apartment, Dutch designed with a well equipped kitchen, great bathroom, luxurious bed, balcony and perfect location in the center of Amsterdam, just 5-12 minutes walking distance from all interesting sites and nightlife. Welcome to my home. When I travel, I offer my home for you to enjoy the same things that made me choose the centre of Amsterdam to be my home. The apartment is modern, renovated, with a well equipped kitchen (you are welcome to use the Nespresso machine and the dishwasher), a clean bathroom with a shower, a bath tub and the lights can be dimmed for a… relaxing bath experience. It's in the centre of Amsterdam, just 5-12 minutes walking distance from the Anne Frank House, the Dam square, the Homo Monument, the 9 Streets, the Noordermarkt and the Leidseplein. In the cozy Jordaan, Amsterdam’s best neighborhood.  Facilities include:  •Bathroom with a bath tub, shower and toilet •Bedroom with luxurious Tempur mattresses and a King size bed: 200 x 180 cm •Balco","Food… well, the kitchen is fully equipped. But people in Amsterdam are not known for the extensive cooking… and you will find many places to eat within 500m (including Dutch, Thai, Indian, Fusion, Turkish, Italian, Mexican and more), and many more within 5 minutes walking distance.  ","Public transport is superb: The bus from/to Schiphol airport stops just 5-6 minutes away (by foot). Many trams and buses stop just 150m away. There is a direct tram connection from the Central Station, every 3-5 minutes. If you prefer you can walk from the station. ","•No pets  •No smoking  •Respect the neighbors, keep it quiet for them  •Keep the place clean, tidy and undamaged"
