,"The apartment is situated on IJburg, a new area of Amsterdam, built on an island. IJburg is frequently visited because of its successful design an its modern architecture. It is a spacious and light apartment and it is situated on the ground floor. It's possible to sit outside on a dike and you can even swim in front of the house, if the water temperature allows that. There is also an inner garden where children can play safely. The apartment consist of a spacious living room, a big bedroom with a double bed and two spare mattresses and a bathroom with a lovely shower (plenty of water) and a bathtub.  The comfortable extra mattresses fit in the bedroom or in the living room. It depends what you prefer. Public transportation is not far away. Tram 26 is a three minute walk away and runs frequently (every four to ten minutes) to Central Station within 15 minutes. One tram stop away there is a shopping center for grocery shopping. In the apartment building there is a pub/restaurant. On the","The apartment is situated on IJburg, a new area of Amsterdam, built on an island. IJburg is frequently visited because of its successful design an its modern architecture. It is a spacious and light apartment and it is situated on the ground floor. It's possible to sit outside on a dike and you can even swim in front of the house, if the water temperature allows that. There is also an inner garden where children can play safely. The apartment consist of a spacious living room, a big bedroom with a double bed and two spare mattresses and a bathroom with a lovely shower (plenty of water) and a bathtub.  The comfortable extra mattresses fit in the bedroom or in the living room. It depends what you prefer. Public transportation is not far away. Tram 26 is a three minute walk away and runs frequently (every four to ten minutes) to Central Station within 15 minutes. One tram stop away there is a shopping center for grocery shopping. In the apartment building there is a pub/restaurant. On the",,,No smoking inside. Don't use asid on the dresser (like orange or lemon juice or vinegar). Don't disturb the neighbors with too loud music or too much noise. Don't do what you wouldn't do at home. Copy of ID Enjoy your stay.
