,"High end modern houseboat in downtown Amsterdam. Newly built in 2007 with all conveniences available (digital tv, dishwasher, floor heating, rainshower, whirlpool at water level, Ipod docking station). Sunny waterside terrace. The houseboat has a very spacious look and feel. The house boat has an open loft design. Occupation with two people is the most convenient.  For a unique experience with all the convenience and privacy you need. You can feel like a real Amsterdam citizen. Even though you are very close to the center of Amsterdam, the houseboat is located opposite a quiet park so you won't be bothered by the noises of the city. A little warning though: since it's located in a quiet area the boat is not suitable for noisy parties. No smoking.  Possible rent of canal motorboat (no license needed).  Shops, restaurants are all within walking distance as are a lot of the cities attractions. (Paid) parking space available. And of course, when you are in Amsterdam, you do like the Amster","High end modern houseboat in downtown Amsterdam. Newly built in 2007 with all conveniences available (digital tv, dishwasher, floor heating, rainshower, whirlpool at water level, Ipod docking station). Sunny waterside terrace. The houseboat has a very spacious look and feel. The house boat has an open loft design. Occupation with two people is the most convenient.  For a unique experience with all the convenience and privacy you need. You can feel like a real Amsterdam citizen. Even though you are very close to the center of Amsterdam, the houseboat is located opposite a quiet park so you won't be bothered by the noises of the city. A little warning though: since it's located in a quiet area the boat is not suitable for noisy parties. No smoking.  Possible rent of canal motorboat (no license needed).  Shops, restaurants are all within walking distance as are a lot of the cities attractions. (Paid) parking space available. And of course, when you are in Amsterdam, you do like the Amster",,,No smoking. No partying.
