"Houseboat on the Amstel, magnificent view, large garden, close to city centre, kayak, SUP, free parking.","The perfect spot, a nice houseboat, big garden and very close to the city center. It has a good kitchen (bulthaup with gaggenau steam oven), living room with large sliding doors, study-room and 2 bedrooms, bathroom, separate toilet and heated floors. The view, the garden, the tropical freshwater aquarium, the feeling of living on water and the neighborhood make it the perfect place for your stay in Amsterdam. We have a great sit on kayak and a stand up paddle board on the side of our houseboat brings you to the center of town within 15 minutes (or a large motor boat, experience needed, it is a large boat). We swim on nice days in the river; safe and fun.  We have prepared a comprehensive guide to our home, neighborhood and the surrounding area and will leave a few starter items in the fridge for when you arrive. Closets and drawers will be cleaned out so that you can unpack and stay a while. From one of our guests: ""Please allow me to tell you what an extraordinary home that you have. ","Houseboat on the Amstel, magnificent view, large garden, close to city centre, kayak, SUP, free parking. The perfect spot, a nice houseboat, big garden and very close to the city center. It has a good kitchen (bulthaup with gaggenau steam oven), living room with large sliding doors, study-room and 2 bedrooms, bathroom, separate toilet and heated floors. The view, the garden, the tropical freshwater aquarium, the feeling of living on water and the neighborhood make it the perfect place for your stay in Amsterdam. We have a great sit on kayak and a stand up paddle board on the side of our houseboat brings you to the center of town within 15 minutes (or a large motor boat, experience needed, it is a large boat). We swim on nice days in the river; safe and fun.  We have prepared a comprehensive guide to our home, neighborhood and the surrounding area and will leave a few starter items in the fridge for when you arrive. Closets and drawers will be cleaned out so that you can unpack and stay","Train, metro, tram, gym, restaurants, shops all within 10 minutes walking. Amsterdam is a great and small city. All is easy to reach with public tranportation, by bike or just take it easy and walk. (website hidden)","Tram, metro and train all within 5-10 minutes walking.","Treat the house as if is your own and respect the following house rules  No additional guests  No smoking inside please. No parties  Should you wish to play loud music, please consult the neighbors."
