"Private use of a bright and cosy studio (Captain's home) in our houseboat, a former cargo ship. Explore the city centre, natural areas and picturesque Dutch villages. It's all within easy reach from our boat. Free use of bikes, free car park!","Private use of a studio in our houseboat, a former cargo ship, bordering the 'Zeeburgereiland'. Within the ring road of Amsterdam, close to the city centre, natural areas and picturesque Dutch villages. In just 15 minutes you can reach the central train station in the centre and on the (free to use) bikes it's a 10 minute ride to old Dutch villages like Durgerdam and Schellingwoude. You are staying in the wheelhouse and the former captains home. A comfortable, bright room with modern facilities and the romantic atmosphere of a ship. You have a private entrance and can park your car for free next to the boat. In short, the ideal starting point to discover Amsterdam and surroundings.   THE INSIDE  You enter the studio in the wheelhouse. There you will find a spacious seating area with lovely views over the water (the 'IJ') and the kitchenette. Small stairs lead you down to the living/bedroom, with a double bed (2 beds of 80 x 200 cm) and other furniture.  You can watch or internet on sma","Private use of a bright and cosy studio (Captain's home) in our houseboat, a former cargo ship. Explore the city centre, natural areas and picturesque Dutch villages. It's all within easy reach from our boat. Free use of bikes, free car park! Private use of a studio in our houseboat, a former cargo ship, bordering the 'Zeeburgereiland'. Within the ring road of Amsterdam, close to the city centre, natural areas and picturesque Dutch villages. In just 15 minutes you can reach the central train station in the centre and on the (free to use) bikes it's a 10 minute ride to old Dutch villages like Durgerdam and Schellingwoude. You are staying in the wheelhouse and the former captains home. A comfortable, bright room with modern facilities and the romantic atmosphere of a ship. You have a private entrance and can park your car for free next to the boat. In short, the ideal starting point to discover Amsterdam and surroundings.   THE INSIDE  You enter the studio in the wheelhouse. There you wi",,Free use of bikes,"The captain's home is not suitable for disabled. About using the toilet:  Besides normal use of toiletpaper don't put anything else in like sanitary napkins, facial wipes or otherwise. Then you will destroy the expensive sewerage pump.  Quiet ant peaceful area, not a party place. Keep our neighbours in mind if you are using the terrace outside. In the event that the tenant causes damage to the property and/or the inventory, this must be reported  immediately. The tenant accepts liability for all damage caused by him/her, even if such damage is ascertained after his/her departure. The tenant is not permitted to give other people permission to be on the property, except the co-tenants, without asking the lessor.  In the event that the tenant does not behave as a good tenant or is a nuisance to the neighbourhood,  subsequent access to the property may be denied, and the rental agreement may be considered legally dissolved, without any rights to reimbursement of rent and/or deposit. Tenant"
