Living on the water is a nice tradition in Amsterdam. Experience this on our beautifully designed houseboat. 4 Bikes are included to explore our great city: (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Towels and linen are included and the coffee is free.,"Wanna have a great and unique stay on a brand new houseboat in the south of Amsterdam in a really nice and calm neighbourhood? Than make a reservation with us! The Nova Houseboat is near the Olympic Stadium, the big Amsterdam lake and Amsterdam forrest and only 10 minutes from the old centre of town by bike or bus. Parking is right in front on the street with a lot of space. We also offer cheap paid parking close by. The apartment is ideal for one to four people and families, with two bedrooms and one bathroom. Everything you need for a great and comfortable stay in Amsterdam is here: * GREAT BIKES (4) are included in the price!! * Childseat possible on 1 of the bikes * 2 Bedrooms with good beds (Auping) and linnen is included * Towels are included * Beautiful modern and spacious bathroom with walk-in-    shower and big bathtub * Nice livingroom with a great couch and diner table * Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator and oven * 2 Toilets  * A spacious ROOF TERRACE * Child/Baby cha","Living on the water is a nice tradition in Amsterdam. Experience this on our beautifully designed houseboat. 4 Bikes are included to explore our great city: (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Towels and linen are included and the coffee is free. Wanna have a great and unique stay on a brand new houseboat in the south of Amsterdam in a really nice and calm neighbourhood? Than make a reservation with us! The Nova Houseboat is near the Olympic Stadium, the big Amsterdam lake and Amsterdam forrest and only 10 minutes from the old centre of town by bike or bus. Parking is right in front on the street with a lot of space. We also offer cheap paid parking close by. The apartment is ideal for one to four people and families, with two bedrooms and one bathroom. Everything you need for a great and comfortable stay in Amsterdam is here: * GREAT BIKES (4) are included in the price!! * Childseat possible on 1 of the bikes * 2 Bedrooms with good beds (Auping) and linnen is included * Towels are included * ","Olympic area with all kinds of sport facilities nearby like tennis courts, football, squash and off course the Olympic Stadium. The Amsterdam Forrest (Amsterdamse Bos) is at a 5 minute walk and also the big Amsterdam Lake (Nieuwe Meer). ",Bikes are included with which you can explore Amsterdam with. It is only a 10 minute bike ride to the old centre and a 5 minute bike ride to the Vondelpark. Also buses and trams are nearby. Schiphol Airport is at 20 minutes by taxi or bus.,"- No smoking inside. Only on the roof terrace and at the balcony - No noise after midnight - No trash on the pier - No drinking, smoking or hanging on the pier - Keep quiet when you leave and come back on the pier - Pets are no problem but you have to clean up - No entrance at the roof terrace after midnight"
