"You can stay at this houseboat situated in the centre of Amsterdam near the all famous original Heineken brewery and on the otherside the very trendy old south area ""de Pijp"" with the very nice albert ceijp street market and a supermarket right there","A houseboat with a nice terras, livingroom with tv and wifi and intergrated kitchen. Kitchen has dishwasher, microwafe and electric stove and air conditioning in bedroom one. Bathroom with bath and two bedrooms with double beds. Situated on the outer canal of the city centre and is in the visinity of the Albert Cuyp market and Heiniken brewery. Suitable for 1 up to 4 persons. No smoking!","You can stay at this houseboat situated in the centre of Amsterdam near the all famous original Heineken brewery and on the otherside the very trendy old south area ""de Pijp"" with the very nice albert ceijp street market and a supermarket right there A houseboat with a nice terras, livingroom with tv and wifi and intergrated kitchen. Kitchen has dishwasher, microwafe and electric stove and air conditioning in bedroom one. Bathroom with bath and two bedrooms with double beds. Situated on the outer canal of the city centre and is in the visinity of the Albert Cuyp market and Heiniken brewery. Suitable for 1 up to 4 persons. No smoking! All areas During your stay your lockbox  will provide you with the Key, all the info I will send you just before arrival. If there is anything i can do (Michiel; i do the bookings) don't hasitate to ask. You will be staying in the south centre side of the city. It has walking distance to the the heart of Amsterdam, the 'rijksmuseum', 'Leidse plein' river '","You will be staying in the south centre side of the city. It has walking distance to the the heart of Amsterdam, the 'rijksmuseum', 'Leidse plein' river 'Amstel' and 'Rembrand plein'. The houseboat is situated only a 100 meters down the street of the world famous Heineken Experience/Brewery.","Centre area of Amsterdam. Tram 4 coming from central station is only a 2 minutes walk away. (stop 'Stadhouderskade') Parking in front, mind you; Municipal payed parking only!",In the boat
