"The apartment is located in a quiet and green area, just a few minutes from Amsterdam Centraal Station. It is situated on the ground floor of a townhouse and has its own entrance and garden. The apartment is recently renovated!","The apartment is located in Amsterdam Noord, just a few minutes from Amsterdam Centraal Station.  The apartment is recently renovated including new kitchen, bathroom, toilet and furniture. It is suitable for families with children. Open kitchen with big living room and the private garden gives much comfort after a day in the center of Amsterdam. It is possible to walk in the center (approx 20 min), take the bike (approx 10 min.) or by bus (approx. 5 min.)  FREE WIFI Included  Towels and Bed sheets are included. There is one bedroom with a double bed for 2 persons. The living room features a sofa-bed which provides two additional sleeping places.   The apartment is 60m2 and has a big private garden. Everything what you need is provided and you are free to use all facilities.   The tariff is € 80,- / night for two people. For a third or a fourth person we will add a surcharge of € 25,- / night.  There is enough parking space in front of our house for free!!!  Feel free to contact in case","The apartment is located in a quiet and green area, just a few minutes from Amsterdam Centraal Station. It is situated on the ground floor of a townhouse and has its own entrance and garden. The apartment is recently renovated! The apartment is located in Amsterdam Noord, just a few minutes from Amsterdam Centraal Station.  The apartment is recently renovated including new kitchen, bathroom, toilet and furniture. It is suitable for families with children. Open kitchen with big living room and the private garden gives much comfort after a day in the center of Amsterdam. It is possible to walk in the center (approx 20 min), take the bike (approx 10 min.) or by bus (approx. 5 min.)  FREE WIFI Included  Towels and Bed sheets are included. There is one bedroom with a double bed for 2 persons. The living room features a sofa-bed which provides two additional sleeping places.   The apartment is 60m2 and has a big private garden. Everything what you need is provided and you are free to use all","Neighborhood: Quiet and all you need is in walking distance, supermarket, bakery, park, bus stop, market....",Getting around: From Amsterdam Schiphol Airport you are able to take the train to 'Amsterdam - Centraal' (12 minutes). From Amsterdam - Centraal it will take you 20 minutes to walk to our house (5 minutes by bus) Walking to the center: approx. 20 min. Biking to the center: approx. 10 min. Bus to the center: approx. 5 min.,"Please read below carefully. 1. No pets 2. No parties. 3.Guests are requested to keep the house tidy. Guests are asked not to move, remove, or change furniture, pictures, wall hangings or other decoration. 4. Please keep the volume down on any television, radio, audio system or musical instrument, so that it is not audible from outside the house when the door is closed. Excessive noise and disturbances will result in having to ask you to leave and pay for your whole visit. 5. Please take care of our house like it's yours. You are responsible and liable for any damage or breakages which you cause. Any damage will be charged. 7. All windows and doors must be closed by leaving the house. 9. All electric appliances and lightning must be turned off by leaving the house. 10. If you lose the key, please contact us immediately. In case of loss cost of replacement will be charged. 11. Deposit of € 200,-  will be charged before occupation and refunded at check out. 12. Any breach of above mentio"
