,"Make your Amsterdam experience unforgettable, stay at this boat and feel like a captain for a day!! Complete apartment on houseboat in the heart of Amsterdam. The boat was built in 1911 and was used for shipping coal, sand etc etc. The boat was recently rebuild/refurbished; there is a living room, own bath- and bedroom and a complete kitchen with fridge, stove, oven and your own entrance. Wifi is available. This part of the boat used to be the Captains Quarter. Therefore the wheelhouse is part of the quarters, this gives you a unique panoramic view on the Scheepvaartmuseum, Nemo, Public Library and the Central Station. This central location also gives you the advantage that everything is easy and quickly accessible; Waterloo Square, Nieuwmarkt, Red Light District, Damrak and the Central Station are in walking distance (5minutes).  At the Central Station you can get the busses or trams to go anywhere in the city and there are also the pick-up places to start your own unforgettable boat ","Make your Amsterdam experience unforgettable, stay at this boat and feel like a captain for a day!! Complete apartment on houseboat in the heart of Amsterdam. The boat was built in 1911 and was used for shipping coal, sand etc etc. The boat was recently rebuild/refurbished; there is a living room, own bath- and bedroom and a complete kitchen with fridge, stove, oven and your own entrance. Wifi is available. This part of the boat used to be the Captains Quarter. Therefore the wheelhouse is part of the quarters, this gives you a unique panoramic view on the Scheepvaartmuseum, Nemo, Public Library and the Central Station. This central location also gives you the advantage that everything is easy and quickly accessible; Waterloo Square, Nieuwmarkt, Red Light District, Damrak and the Central Station are in walking distance (5minutes).  At the Central Station you can get the busses or trams to go anywhere in the city and there are also the pick-up places to start your own unforgettable boat ",,,- Common sense and no pets. - No Smoking.
