"Make yourself at home in a beautifully renovated, original skipper’s cabin of a 1903 Dutch barge. Constructed for the captain and his family, the cabin has a lovely atmosphere and many authentic details like wood panelling. Private entrance, bathroom with toilet and shower, kitchenette with fridge and Nespresso machine, central heating, wifi, and TV. Superb location in a quiet residential harbour just a 5 min. walk from the Amsterdam canals, Jordaan area and the Haarlemmerstraat shops.","The cabin is one of the few remaining  cabins with original wooden panneling in the Netherlands. It is very cozy and has all the comfort you might need. There are hot and cold running water, central heating, opening windows, TV, Wifi, Fridge, Nespressomachine, watercooker, crockery, a lovely double bed, sheets, towels, some bookshelves about Amsterdam, etc.","Make yourself at home in a beautifully renovated, original skipper’s cabin of a 1903 Dutch barge. Constructed for the captain and his family, the cabin has a lovely atmosphere and many authentic details like wood panelling. Private entrance, bathroom with toilet and shower, kitchenette with fridge and Nespresso machine, central heating, wifi, and TV. Superb location in a quiet residential harbour just a 5 min. walk from the Amsterdam canals, Jordaan area and the Haarlemmerstraat shops. The cabin is one of the few remaining  cabins with original wooden panneling in the Netherlands. It is very cozy and has all the comfort you might need. There are hot and cold running water, central heating, opening windows, TV, Wifi, Fridge, Nespressomachine, watercooker, crockery, a lovely double bed, sheets, towels, some bookshelves about Amsterdam, etc. The cabin and the wheelhouse are accessible for our guests. For the more adventurous: You can swim in the canal in front of our boat. We do it too!! ",We are in the citycentre in an old industrial area which has been thoroughly renovated in the past years. Close to the canalring and shops/supermarkets and bars and restaurants. Also booming Amsterdam-North and the westen islands are closeby or reachable by ferry.,Amsterdam Central Station is a 10 minute walk and it's connected to all of Amsterdam and surroundings. We are also close to tram 10 which goes around the city and the ferries that go to Amsterdam North. We are easily accessible from the highway though parking is Euro5 per hour in the city. We have adresses for cheaper parkings. There is a good bikerentalplace a 5 minute walk from the boat.,"- Checkout is 11.00 am. If necessary you can store luggage with us (without additional cost) before check-in or after check-out. - The kitchen is suitable for preparing simple meals like soups and salads. There is no stove or microwave. There are a watercooker, toaster, fridge  and nespressomachine."
