"The beautiful 23 mtr long houseboat, Charlotte Johanna, is situated at the picturesque Noordermarkt alongside the canal Prinsengracht right in the middle of the Jordaan, the historic and lively downtown of Amsterdam.","The old cargo vessel (built in 1908) has recently been transformed to a fully equipped and spacious houseboat – sunny deck terrace-, lounge area, modern kitchen, living room with wood burner and two bedrooms.  The picturesque old houses, beautiful canal, many pubs, restaurants and famous farmers market, make the location of the Charlotte_Johanna, one of the most enjoyable places in Amsterdam. The Anne Frank house and Dam square are only a 5 minute walk, the gallery area (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh etc.), Central Station and Leidseplein are all a 15 minute walk.  The former freight space is transformed into a light and spacious living room and kitchen area. In the front of the ship you will find the master bedroom with double bed.  The bathroom is situated next to the kitchen and has a shower, washbasin and toilet. The modern kitchen is equipped with a stove, dishwasher, fridge and microwave. The former wheelhouse, transformed to a lounge, is located in the middle of the ship. You will enjoy","The beautiful 23 mtr long houseboat, Charlotte Johanna, is situated at the picturesque Noordermarkt alongside the canal Prinsengracht right in the middle of the Jordaan, the historic and lively downtown of Amsterdam. The old cargo vessel (built in 1908) has recently been transformed to a fully equipped and spacious houseboat – sunny deck terrace-, lounge area, modern kitchen, living room with wood burner and two bedrooms.  The picturesque old houses, beautiful canal, many pubs, restaurants and famous farmers market, make the location of the Charlotte_Johanna, one of the most enjoyable places in Amsterdam. The Anne Frank house and Dam square are only a 5 minute walk, the gallery area (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh etc.), Central Station and Leidseplein are all a 15 minute walk.  The former freight space is transformed into a light and spacious living room and kitchen area. In the front of the ship you will find the master bedroom with double bed.  The bathroom is situated next to the kitchen an",,,
