,"We love our two bedroom ground floor house in the centrally located Jordaan district. Built at the turn of the last century and overlooking a canal with house boats, it offers a real Amsterdam experience. And with a 50m2 private garden and large BBQ its perfect for enjoying dinner outside.  Our house is bright and comfortable, filled with a mix of (custom-built) designer furniture and vintage pieces, artwork and lots of books to enjoy during your stay. The high ceilings and windows and original architectural details combined with oak wooden floors assure a relaxing and authentic experience. The house comes with fast wifi, flat screen television, a (wireless) stereo system, private laundry machine and dryer and a full kitchen with all amenities including a dish washer. The large en-suite living room and dining room with open kitchen have large windows to the front and opening french doors to the back deck and yard. The main bedroom is on the ground level and has a queen size bed. It con","We love our two bedroom ground floor house in the centrally located Jordaan district. Built at the turn of the last century and overlooking a canal with house boats, it offers a real Amsterdam experience. And with a 50m2 private garden and large BBQ its perfect for enjoying dinner outside.  Our house is bright and comfortable, filled with a mix of (custom-built) designer furniture and vintage pieces, artwork and lots of books to enjoy during your stay. The high ceilings and windows and original architectural details combined with oak wooden floors assure a relaxing and authentic experience. The house comes with fast wifi, flat screen television, a (wireless) stereo system, private laundry machine and dryer and a full kitchen with all amenities including a dish washer. The large en-suite living room and dining room with open kitchen have large windows to the front and opening french doors to the back deck and yard. The main bedroom is on the ground level and has a queen size bed. It con",,,
