"Captain’s Place is a unique houseboat in Amsterdam, located in a completely renovated ship on a beautiful quay.","Captain’s Place is a unique houseboat in Amsterdam, located in a completely renovated ship named the Pas Merprise, on a beautiful quay on the Levantkade. The Levantkade is located on the KNSM island, famous for it’s its architecture. With two classically decorated bedrooms, “Orion” and “Cassiopeia”, Captain’s Place is perfect for your relaxation. The bedrooms both have a spacious bathroom. One with a wide bath tub and the other with a large shower, and of course, a toilet.  The patio garden can be used as dining room. The patio garden has a sliding roof, so you can enjoy it both in summer and winter. The living room has a comfortable Chesterfield couch, TV and a fireplace.  A fully equipped kitchen makes Captain’s Place ideal for self catering people. The whole ship has central heating in every room.  The bronze ship’s windows give a lovely view of the water, which is fun to look at, especially at night time. The neighborhood The area has countless possibilities. There is a mall in wal","Captain’s Place is a unique houseboat in Amsterdam, located in a completely renovated ship on a beautiful quay. Captain’s Place is a unique houseboat in Amsterdam, located in a completely renovated ship named the Pas Merprise, on a beautiful quay on the Levantkade. The Levantkade is located on the KNSM island, famous for it’s its architecture. With two classically decorated bedrooms, “Orion” and “Cassiopeia”, Captain’s Place is perfect for your relaxation. The bedrooms both have a spacious bathroom. One with a wide bath tub and the other with a large shower, and of course, a toilet.  The patio garden can be used as dining room. The patio garden has a sliding roof, so you can enjoy it both in summer and winter. The living room has a comfortable Chesterfield couch, TV and a fireplace.  A fully equipped kitchen makes Captain’s Place ideal for self catering people. The whole ship has central heating in every room.  The bronze ship’s windows give a lovely view of the water, which is fun to ",,Bus 48 and 65 at 200 m. Tram 10 at 300 m. Free ferry to Amsterdam North.,Roken is alleen in de binnentuin toegestaan.
