"A light, spacious and quiet house (70 m2) with sunny garden, situated in “De Pijp” right in the heart of Amsterdam center with the famous Albert Cuyp street market around the corner. You will feel like a local ""Amsterdammer"" straight away!","The spacious house is located in “De Pijp” - the Amsterdam “Latin quarter” - on the ground floor (wheelchair accessible). A nice, light and quiet house with a sunny garden in the centre of Amsterdam. One step out of the front door you'll find the famous Albert Cuyp street market with lots of restaurants and shops. Guests have access to the whole private house (ground floor). The entrance offers space to store your jacket and shoes after which you enter the open kitchen attached to the cosy living room.  In the spacious kitchen you can cook your favorite meal or I can give you the recipe for a real Dutch ""stamppot"", while the other guest enjoys a drink at the dining table right beside you. The living room has a cosy Amsterdam-feel with a large couch and tv with netflix and 50 channels to choose from. In the bedroom with window overlooking the quiet garden you will sleep like a prince(ss) on the luxurious Swiss Sense kingsize bed. The bathroom offers a nice shower and separate toilet.  T","A light, spacious and quiet house (70 m2) with sunny garden, situated in “De Pijp” right in the heart of Amsterdam center with the famous Albert Cuyp street market around the corner. You will feel like a local ""Amsterdammer"" straight away! The spacious house is located in “De Pijp” - the Amsterdam “Latin quarter” - on the ground floor (wheelchair accessible). A nice, light and quiet house with a sunny garden in the centre of Amsterdam. One step out of the front door you'll find the famous Albert Cuyp street market with lots of restaurants and shops. Guests have access to the whole private house (ground floor). The entrance offers space to store your jacket and shoes after which you enter the open kitchen attached to the cosy living room.  In the spacious kitchen you can cook your favorite meal or I can give you the recipe for a real Dutch ""stamppot"", while the other guest enjoys a drink at the dining table right beside you. The living room has a cosy Amsterdam-feel with a large couch a","“De Pijp” is a century-old part of the city. At walking-distance are:  - Sarphatipark, designed in English country-style  - Albert Cuyp-Market with all kinds of fruits, fish, clothes and curiosa  - Van Gogh- , National- ,City- , Heineken-museum and Concert Hall  - Picturesque canals  - Terraces, restaurants in various nationalities and prices  - The beautiful architecture of Berlage","At 2-minutes walking distance plenty of trams can take you all around the city. Renting a bike is absolutely the best and nicest way to see Amsterdam, the closest place to rent one is Ajax Bike (Website hidden by Airbnb)","- Our home is only suited for couples. - Please respect the house and the neighbourhood: quiet time after 9 pm. - We charge €30 for late check ins after 8.00 PM and €30 for late check outs (when possible) after 11.00 AM - No smoking inside  - No loud music	 - No parties - No drugs, also no canabis! - No guests In case of breaking one of the rules you will be charged with a penalty of €200 per broken rule.  In case of loss of the key, locking yourself out or leaving the key of the front door on the inside in the lock and you can`t enter the house, we charge all costs, including locksmith costs and costs for the host that has to come over (€20 euro between 09.00 and 18.00 and €40 between 18.00 and 09.00). Check out is at 11 AM at  the latest. There are several luggage stores in the city to drop you luggage and enjoy your last day, ie: •Luggage Storage at Spuistraat 110. •Drop&Go luggage storage at Prins Hendrikkade 86."
