"This is our family home and we rent it out when we are traveling ourselves, preferably to families or business travellers. No smoking, no parties, no pets.","Our boat is child friendly, families very welcome! Our boat fits families up to 6, or 4/5 adults.  Beautiful modern house boat in the lovely neighbourhood the Pijp. Our boat has a lovely terrace overlooking the canal, and the terrace is fit with dining table and BBQ!  The Pijp is known for its lively atmosphere, great market on Albert Cuyp street, and many neighbourhood restaurants and bars. Our house boat is within walking distance to the Van Gogh Museum and the recently reopened Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and the Rijksmuseum, featuring the Nachtwacht. The Concertgebouw, the main classical concert hall in the Netherlands, is also within walking distance.  1 master bedroom 2 children bedrooms (beds of 1.9 and 2 meter long respectively)  1 guest bedroom with pull-out couch/futon 1 large bathroom with bath and separate shower 1 extra shower next to the guest bedroom Maximum 1 family or 4/5 adults","This is our family home and we rent it out when we are traveling ourselves, preferably to families or business travellers. No smoking, no parties, no pets. Our boat is child friendly, families very welcome! Our boat fits families up to 6, or 4/5 adults.  Beautiful modern house boat in the lovely neighbourhood the Pijp. Our boat has a lovely terrace overlooking the canal, and the terrace is fit with dining table and BBQ!  The Pijp is known for its lively atmosphere, great market on Albert Cuyp street, and many neighbourhood restaurants and bars. Our house boat is within walking distance to the Van Gogh Museum and the recently reopened Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and the Rijksmuseum, featuring the Nachtwacht. The Concertgebouw, the main classical concert hall in the Netherlands, is also within walking distance.  1 master bedroom 2 children bedrooms (beds of 1.9 and 2 meter long respectively)  1 guest bedroom with pull-out couch/futon 1 large bathroom with bath and separate shower 1 extra ","The Pijp is known for its lively atmosphere, great market on Albert Cuyp street, and many neighbourhood restaurants and bars. Our house boat is within walking distance to the Van Gogh Museum and the recently reopened Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and the Rijksmuseum, featuring the Nachtwacht. The Concertgebouw, the main classical concert hall in the Netherlands, is also within walking distance.","Our boat is easy to reach by public transport, tram lines 3/12/5/24/16 all have nearby stops as well as a number of bus lines. A taxi from/to Schiphol Airport costs about 35 euro. Train stations are easy to reach by tram and connect you with other cities and places in the Netherlands.",Families and children welcome!
