"Are you looking for a comfortable appartment for two? Our home is a self-contained part of a watervilla with a semiprivate terrace. It has a living room and open kitchen plan with modern equipment,  and a separate bed and bathroom. Our boat is close to the city centre but will make you feel like you are in the countryside of Amsterdam. During beautiful days you can have your breakfast, lunch or dinner next to the Amstel river.  Rent a bike and explore the city and it's surroundings.","Our small but cosy appartment has all the luxury you need: floorheating, WiFi, washing machine and modern kitchen equipment. The boathouse was build in 2014 and has a seperate bed and bathroom. Outside there is a terrace with a beautiful view of the Amstel. It takes about 10 minutes by bike and public transportation to get to the lively and cultural centre of Amsterdam. A supermarket and a long street of shops are at a 5 minute walking distance. Enjoy Amsterdam at its best: surrounded by the river and open landscape but close the heart of the city.","Are you looking for a comfortable appartment for two? Our home is a self-contained part of a watervilla with a semiprivate terrace. It has a living room and open kitchen plan with modern equipment,  and a separate bed and bathroom. Our boat is close to the city centre but will make you feel like you are in the countryside of Amsterdam. During beautiful days you can have your breakfast, lunch or dinner next to the Amstel river.  Rent a bike and explore the city and it's surroundings. Our small but cosy appartment has all the luxury you need: floorheating, WiFi, washing machine and modern kitchen equipment. The boathouse was build in 2014 and has a seperate bed and bathroom. Outside there is a terrace with a beautiful view of the Amstel. It takes about 10 minutes by bike and public transportation to get to the lively and cultural centre of Amsterdam. A supermarket and a long street of shops are at a 5 minute walking distance. Enjoy Amsterdam at its best: surrounded by the river and open ","Our boat is close to both the city centre and the meadowlands of Amsterdam and it's surroundings. Our houseboat overlooks the Amstel and is in biking distance of small characteristic towns like Oudekerk aan de Amstel. When the sun shines on the water and the weather is good enough to sit outside you feel like you are in the countryside, even though you are only 10 minutes away of the city centre.","Public transportation is at a 10 minute walking distance. You can take the tram, bus or metro to all the different parts of Amsterdam. But better yet, rent bikes during your stay and get to know the city the way Amsterdammers do.","No smoking or animals allowed on the boat. Please consider the neighbourhood, Amsterdam is a great city to party but don't force our neighbours to join you. As this is our home we ask you to be carefull and respectfull to our belongings. We want you to enjoy your stay in Amsterdam as much as possible but we'd love to find our home in the same state as we left it."
