"Nice house with a lot of space and fantastic view on the water. Close to the center of Amsterdam. Free parking. Place for 4/5 adults. Room 1 has a double bed. Room 2  two single beds (you can put them together for a double bed), room 3 has two beds for children (or 1 bed for an adult).","Sunny, light (family)house close to the city in a quiet, green relaxing neighbourhood with a spectacular view on the waterside. It is great to spend here some time chilling after you have walked or cycled around in the busy city or after you have been to a concert, pub or festival.   It is located in the southeast of Amsterdam, 15-20 minutes by metro to the center of Amsterdam. It is close to the Heineken Music Hall, Ziggo Dome and the Arena (3,2 km), where you find Ajax! but also nice restaurants (very good sushi), a big cinema and modern shopping stores. The house is spacious, 135 m2 and all on one floor with a garden in front and in the back of the house. It is possible to stay here with 5 persons.  The house has a nice kitchen. There is a relaxing bath and a shower and two toilets. Of course there is internet. Parking is free. There is a washing machine and a dryer. Just send me an e-mail and I will explain more to you!","Nice house with a lot of space and fantastic view on the water. Close to the center of Amsterdam. Free parking. Place for 4/5 adults. Room 1 has a double bed. Room 2  two single beds (you can put them together for a double bed), room 3 has two beds for children (or 1 bed for an adult). Sunny, light (family)house close to the city in a quiet, green relaxing neighbourhood with a spectacular view on the waterside. It is great to spend here some time chilling after you have walked or cycled around in the busy city or after you have been to a concert, pub or festival.   It is located in the southeast of Amsterdam, 15-20 minutes by metro to the center of Amsterdam. It is close to the Heineken Music Hall, Ziggo Dome and the Arena (3,2 km), where you find Ajax! but also nice restaurants (very good sushi), a big cinema and modern shopping stores. The house is spacious, 135 m2 and all on one floor with a garden in front and in the back of the house. It is possible to stay here with 5 persons.  T",,,
