"Stay onboard at a renovated ship from 1913 on the Amstel river. The boat has central heating, hot water, solar energy, next to a park, WiFi, outside deck, and great 360º panoramic view. You have your privacy whenever you want. No other AirBnB guests in the house. Boat allows for living both in summer and winter as there is heating in every room. Shops at 3 min walk (open every day). 15 minutes from old city center by bike or public transport. Close to highway for access to Schiphol airport.","Beautiful houseboat/ship on the Amstel river. Boat is located next to the Martin Luther King park - so it's really quiet as there are no other houses nearby (except for neighboring boats).  In the summer you can swim in the Amstel, and sit outside on the deck in a deck seat. There is broadband internet (via wifi) and heating for the colder days.  Some notes: 1. Boats were built the move stuff, not people. Therefore the ceilings are not very high. If you are taller than 1.85m, you will not be able to stand up straight everywhere. 2. Streetview: these images were shot during the Parade street festival. This is a 2 weeks festival in August - which is great, fun, but noisy. For the rest of the year, the park is quiet and there are no fences or porta potties either. 3. I can't host more than 2 persons. It's not save for small children. I don't host pets, as I have a cat. Please note that I'm not offering the entire houseboat. It includes the depicted bedroom - and of course you can make use","Stay onboard at a renovated ship from 1913 on the Amstel river. The boat has central heating, hot water, solar energy, next to a park, WiFi, outside deck, and great 360º panoramic view. You have your privacy whenever you want. No other AirBnB guests in the house. Boat allows for living both in summer and winter as there is heating in every room. Shops at 3 min walk (open every day). 15 minutes from old city center by bike or public transport. Close to highway for access to Schiphol airport. Beautiful houseboat/ship on the Amstel river. Boat is located next to the Martin Luther King park - so it's really quiet as there are no other houses nearby (except for neighboring boats).  In the summer you can swim in the Amstel, and sit outside on the deck in a deck seat. There is broadband internet (via wifi) and heating for the colder days.  Some notes: 1. Boats were built the move stuff, not people. Therefore the ceilings are not very high. If you are taller than 1.85m, you will not be able to","- Close to both the old city center, De Pijp, as well as the highway and train stations (RAI and Amstel) - Many shops and supermarkets in the neighborhood, open from 8am to 2am (7 days/week). - Next to the Martin Luther King park - Quiet at night - Hear and see the waterbirds, such as ducks, swans, snipes, and coots - Local restaurants/take-aways incl. Indonesian, Thai, Indian, and Sushi","- By public transport: It is a 7 minutes walk to Victoriaplein. Here you find busses and trams, bringing you to several locations including downtown in about 10 minutes. There is also a nightbus (#354) that runs every 30 minutes during the weekend and less frequent on weekdays. - By bike: Amsterdam is the bike capital of the ... world? Anyhow, bring your own bike or rent one (for around €10 a day) and extend your radius, avoid pain in your feet or being dependent on Public Transport - Car2Go: If you have a Car2Go subscription, bring your card. There are over 250 electrical Smarts.","Food: we are vegetarian - you can store meat or fish in the refrigerator but upon your leave, take it with you. Toilet: the boat has automated pumps to get dirty water to the sewer system onshore. Please do not throw paper or anything else in the toilet except anything that comes out of your body. Shoes: outside, only shoes with soft soles; inside take off you shoes Trolleys: please carry them, to protect the paint on my deck Smoking: we are non-smokers - you can smoke outside on the deck, whatever burns. Other guests: Do not bring anyone inside without my prior approval Pets: we have a cat (Caramel) - he is young and lively - but not allowed in your bedroom."
