"Very nice well equipped house that is totally renovated. Feel yourself at home on our nicely decorated house! The apartment is located in the vibrant old west area, just around the corner at the famous Vondelpark. The apartment is located on the 3rd and 4th flour and on the 5th floor we have an amazing roof terrace! We have a large living area with a nice large dining area next to the open kitchen. upstairs there are 2 large bedrooms and a huge bathroom with whirlpool bath and big shower.","Spacious, luxurious 115 sq meter home available for rent . Located in a charming lovely area called “Helmersbuurt”, in the centre of Amsterdam on a 5 minutes walk to the Vondelpark or a 5 minutes walk to the Museum Square or Leidse Square and canals, easy to acces from the airport (Schiphol), just a 15 minutes ride by taxi or a bit longer with public transport. Public transport is only 2 minutes away! We offer our recently renovated stylish (but homely) Apt on the 3rd and 4th floor of a historic 19th century building in a quiet beautiful street where the good things of the city are just around the corner (restaurants, coffee bars, bakery, supermarket, shops, etc..).  Expect a lot of space (especially for Amsterdam standards), a lot of luxury and a very central location! The apartment has a fully equipped large kitchen with i.a. American fridge, dishwasher, nespresso machine and a quooker (a Dutch invention which pours instant boiling hot water). Futhermore the 3rd floor offers you a la","Very nice well equipped house that is totally renovated. Feel yourself at home on our nicely decorated house! The apartment is located in the vibrant old west area, just around the corner at the famous Vondelpark. The apartment is located on the 3rd and 4th flour and on the 5th floor we have an amazing roof terrace! We have a large living area with a nice large dining area next to the open kitchen. upstairs there are 2 large bedrooms and a huge bathroom with whirlpool bath and big shower. Spacious, luxurious 115 sq meter home available for rent . Located in a charming lovely area called “Helmersbuurt”, in the centre of Amsterdam on a 5 minutes walk to the Vondelpark or a 5 minutes walk to the Museum Square or Leidse Square and canals, easy to acces from the airport (Schiphol), just a 15 minutes ride by taxi or a bit longer with public transport. Public transport is only 2 minutes away! We offer our recently renovated stylish (but homely) Apt on the 3rd and 4th floor of a historic 19th ","Oud West is close to the city-centre and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Ten Katestraat market is an excellent outdoor market with its charming cross-street ‘Bellamystraat’ giving the area an old-fashion village vibe – complete with dance studio and blacksmith. Kinkerstraat is a multicultural area with a large shopping street filled with bars, restaurants, clothes etc. It’s criss-crossed with commercial streets, including Overtoom which has become a major interiors boulevard. Two of the city’s more interesting alternative cultural complexes, OT301 and Lab111, which both mix music, film and art, are located here. But for a real taste for the relaxed diversity of this neighbourhood, visit the sprawling terrace of Du Cap to truly witness all walks of life. And again: the whole city is pretty much nearby.","The apartment is located between 2 big streets: de Overtoom  and the Kinkerstraat. Just walk to the Overtoom (Jan Pieter Heijestraat stop) and take tram number 1, to the city centre and central station. And the other side at the Kinkerstraat is also the stop Jan Pieter Heijestraat with tram number 17 and number 7. (Leidseaquare, Museumsquare)","Since it is our own house and we don't smoke, smoking is not allowed inside in the house, if you do want to smoke, you can do so at either the balcony or the roof terrace,  private home. Furthermore feel As homely as we do ;)!"
