ICN Apartment  is located in Westerpark area close by Centrum and Jordaan.,"Based in Spaardammerbuurt close to Westerpark ( 5 minutes away) where u can enjoy good restaurants, clubs, galleries and a movie theater. And at a 10 minute walk away from the famous Jordaan area and the Haarlemmerdijk shopping street.","ICN Apartment  is located in Westerpark area close by Centrum and Jordaan. Based in Spaardammerbuurt close to Westerpark ( 5 minutes away) where u can enjoy good restaurants, clubs, galleries and a movie theater. And at a 10 minute walk away from the famous Jordaan area and the Haarlemmerdijk shopping street. Complete apartment on the last floor with a roof terrace. Note that you have to claim the stairs until 4rd floor good for your condition ;) Any questions or suggestions needed? Don't hesitate to ask or contact me during your stay, I'll be happy to help and point you to everything you'll need. The construction of the Spaarndammerbuurt started at the end of the 19th century. The streets have been named after places situated in the West and northwest of Amsterdam. The labour houses had especially been intended for the dock workers, who worked in the ports nearby.  But let's go back to the present day : within 2 min away from the apartment u will find 3 hot new spots in Amsterdam:  Ba","The construction of the Spaarndammerbuurt started at the end of the 19th century. The streets have been named after places situated in the West and northwest of Amsterdam. The labour houses had especially been intended for the dock workers, who worked in the ports nearby.  But let's go back to the present day : within 2 min away from the apartment u will find 3 hot new spots in Amsterdam:  Bar Mick (website hidden) Bar Walvis (website hidden) Lunch Place Dophert (website hidden) and don't forget about the Westerpark the best park in town:  (website hidden)",Buses 22 and 48 will take you to the city centre in a couple of minutes; both stop two minutes away from the apartment. Or you can walk to Central Station in 20 minute.,"Feel welcome and treat my home like it is your home.. Be kind for the neighbours and do not cause any inconvenience for them, especially at night. Pets are not allowed. Do not smoke inside of the home, but there is a great balcony where you can smoke if you like. No drug use inside of the apartment. I rent up to two people . Persons other than registered guests and parties is / are strictly prohibited . Any infringement of this rule , the lease will be terminated ( without any refund and if necessary in the middle of the night ) immediately.  Thanks and have a nice stay !"
