"This modern loft is a totally independent unit with its OWN entrance so you will have full privacy! It is very centrally located at the edge of Vondelpark and walk-able distance to all the major museums and sights of Amsterdam. The loft is fully equipped with your own kitchen, shower, restroom, a comfortable bed and modern design furniture. This totally independent and beautiful space - with wooden beams - provides you comfort, privacy and safety.","This spacious attic is totally renovated and equipped with design furniture and lamps, a top brand kitchen, private bathroom and toilet, dining table with 6 chairs and a very comfortable bed. You will be totally free and independent! Needless to say there is a wireless Internet connection. The ceiling has the original wooden beams and there is an oak floor, giving this open space a very warm feeling.  The studio apartment has its own entrance and is in a very safe neighbourhood. Since it is loft, you do have to walk up four flights of stairs and - like most old Amsterdam houses - there is no elevator. The studio apartment is located at the edge of the Vondelpark and has good public transport connections. From here you can walk (or cycle) to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Modern art Museum (Stedelijk) in no time by simply crossing the park! The neighbourhood has some good restaurants, and if you want to cook there is a supermarket just across the street. Many other shops are also ","This modern loft is a totally independent unit with its OWN entrance so you will have full privacy! It is very centrally located at the edge of Vondelpark and walk-able distance to all the major museums and sights of Amsterdam. The loft is fully equipped with your own kitchen, shower, restroom, a comfortable bed and modern design furniture. This totally independent and beautiful space - with wooden beams - provides you comfort, privacy and safety. This spacious attic is totally renovated and equipped with design furniture and lamps, a top brand kitchen, private bathroom and toilet, dining table with 6 chairs and a very comfortable bed. You will be totally free and independent! Needless to say there is a wireless Internet connection. The ceiling has the original wooden beams and there is an oak floor, giving this open space a very warm feeling.  The studio apartment has its own entrance and is in a very safe neighbourhood. Since it is loft, you do have to walk up four flights of stairs ","Our house is literally on the edge of the Vondelpark and withing a few minutes you are on Leidseplein or on Museumplein, where all the major museums are. The neighborhood is called Oud West and is a very nice mix of population and facilities. The area has seen rapid gentrification so  very good new bars, restaurants and coffee places keep appearing (and disappearing). Although the street and neighbourhood are very lively, we are yet a few minutes away from the really noisy part of town.... so you can sleep well and enjoy a quiet, comfortable space!","From our loft, you can basically walk everywhere in town. Amsterdam has a very pleasant scale. The best way to see Amsterdam is by bike: due to separate cycle paths it is a safe and fast way to get around and see more. Public transport is also easy: tram 1 stops almost in front of our door and provides a direct connection with Central Station and all main venues in the centre. Do not use taxis unless you have to: they are expensive and the scale and structure of Amsterdam makes traveling by car impractical.....","We welcome guests that are looking for a comfortable place to stay, but expect our guests to understand that they are occupying a loft, above our neighbours whom we love and cherish! They are the best neighbours on earth and we like to be the same good neighbours to them.  You will pass through the hallway going up to the loft, so we hope you will understand that late at night our neighbours will want to sleep. It is Amsterdam and we all are a tolerant bunch of people so you can come and go as you please, but we are also respectful for each other. On the other hand, we also appreciate your privacy and hope you will use the loft as if it was your house!"
