"Our apartment is situated in the heart of Amsterdam. Our lovely place is on 5 minutes walking distance from the Vondelpark, the Leidseplein and the museum district.  The neighbourhood we live in, has lots of great coffee places, terrasses and stores","Very light and spacious living room with an open kitchen, high windows and a fire place. The apartment contains two floors with a bedroom on the top floor.  There also is a great roof terrace that has sun during the entire day. ","Our apartment is situated in the heart of Amsterdam. Our lovely place is on 5 minutes walking distance from the Vondelpark, the Leidseplein and the museum district.  The neighbourhood we live in, has lots of great coffee places, terrasses and stores Very light and spacious living room with an open kitchen, high windows and a fire place. The apartment contains two floors with a bedroom on the top floor.  There also is a great roof terrace that has sun during the entire day.  Our guests have acces to a bathroom with bathtub and shower with washing machine and dryer, a separate toilet.  A very big livingroom and luxurious kitchen with dishwasher.  A great bedroom and roof terrace.  The street is called the Overtoom in Amsterdam Oud-West (Old West)  Great characteristic neighborhood with lots of coffee places, terraces en little shops.  On 5 minutes walking distance from the Vondelpark, Leidesplein, PC Hoofdstraat and the museum district.  On 10 minutes walking distance from the Leidsestra","The street is called the Overtoom in Amsterdam Oud-West (Old West)  Great characteristic neighborhood with lots of coffee places, terraces en little shops.  On 5 minutes walking distance from the Vondelpark, Leidesplein, PC Hoofdstraat and the museum district.  On 10 minutes walking distance from the Leidsestraat and the Kalverstraat. ",Our place is very much attainable by public transport. There is a tram stop in front of our doorstep and lots of trams and busses on Leidseplein. Very easy to reach from Schiphol Airport (about 20 minutes),Treat our home like it's yours :-)
