Modern recently renovated 4 person (2 bedroom) B&B apartment located in the Pijp. This is said to be one of the most vibrant and cosmopolitan neighbourhoods in Amsterdam.,"This recently renovated apartment can be your home away from home with: - Two bedrooms, with a real large double bed in each - Livingroom with comfy sofa, dining table and a 42 inch TV - Large kitchen with all appliances (Dishwasher, fridge, pots & pans, microwave, etc) - Private clean bathroom - Wooden polished floor throughout all rooms - Clean bed cloth and fresh towels - Fast & Free wireless internet - Check-in after 15:00, check-out before 11:00. Checkins between 15:00 and 22:00 are flexible. If you are visiting the RAI convention centre, then Jardin Dreams is the best place to stay. Enjoy the comfortable Jardin Dreams!","Modern recently renovated 4 person (2 bedroom) B&B apartment located in the Pijp. This is said to be one of the most vibrant and cosmopolitan neighbourhoods in Amsterdam. This recently renovated apartment can be your home away from home with: - Two bedrooms, with a real large double bed in each - Livingroom with comfy sofa, dining table and a 42 inch TV - Large kitchen with all appliances (Dishwasher, fridge, pots & pans, microwave, etc) - Private clean bathroom - Wooden polished floor throughout all rooms - Clean bed cloth and fresh towels - Fast & Free wireless internet - Check-in after 15:00, check-out before 11:00. Checkins between 15:00 and 22:00 are flexible. If you are visiting the RAI convention centre, then Jardin Dreams is the best place to stay. Enjoy the comfortable Jardin Dreams! The entire apartment is yours to use: 2 bedrooms, living, shower, etc. I am always at work, and sleep in a different section, so the apartment is yours in private. You will be totally left in priv","Modern 4 person (2 bedroom) private apartment located in the Pijp. This is said to be one of the most vibrant and cosmopolitan neighbourhoods in Amsterdam. The pijp houses a lot of interesting stores, shops and boutiques. The inhabitants of the Pijp are mostly students, (young) professionals and expats. You will hardly encounter any tourists here. The apartment is located in a quiet street, but only two blocks away from the night- and daylife. Find all bars, restaurants, shops and boutiques just around the corner. You can walk to the city-centre in 15 min, or 5 min by bike or tram. A nice and quiet place to sleep, with all the fun within a 5 minute walk! Famous places like the van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum (Rembrandt), Anne-Frank house, Heineken experience and Albert Cuyp market all are in walking distance, or easily reachable with a short bike or tram ride.",,"This is not a party apartment. If you plan on going out late, drinking, clubbing etc, please look for another place to stay. Make sure to feel at home! If you behave the same as you would at home, then everything is fine. I am always just one phone call (and 10 mins) away. In case you have any questions or problems,  I will be there to solve them all ;-) - Check-in anytime between 15:00 (noon) and 21:00 - Smoking is no problem, but do open the windows afterwards. The house still smells very nice! - The balcony has to stay closed, due to bad behaviour by earlier guests. - Small pets are no problem, although no one has ever brought one so far. - The house is cleaned very thorough after every stay, so you are ensured a fresh and clean comfortable home away from home Enjoy! Lennart -  Please check the calendar before making a request. Thank you -"
