"- New 13m² (149 sq.ft.) bedroom with 2 top class boxspring beds; extra bed possible; new flatscreen TV (2017) - Quiet part of the city center -Free towels & fast WiFi - Cute bathroom with rainfall shower in the hall - Large fully equipped kitchen  available for making your own breakfast, lunch or dinner.","- Only 5 minutes from the heart of the city! - Close to Schiphol Airport (20 minutes by train&tram) - Close to Amsterdam Central Station (10 minutes by tram)   Read a recent blog about the room (German/Deutsch) here: (URL HIDDEN) AMSTERDAM ROOM Rent our comfortable 2-/3-person room; 18m2. Two single beds, or 1 double bed if you like. Extra bed (200x90cm) for a 3rd person is available! THE APARTMENT In our 2014 fully modernized, yet authentic 19th century apartment, you'll be staying in one of our two brand new rooms.  In the Amsterdam Room, on the 1st floor, you may expect double glazed windows, and your double set of room keys.  The solid oak floor and new boxspring beds guarantee you will enjoy a quiet night’s rest after a great day of discovering our Amsterdam! Host Jeroen will welcome you in and answer all of your questions. Free cable TV and WiFi are available to you.  You will find a large kitchen where you have full access to all basics you may need, including deli, cheese, eggs","- New 13m² (149 sq.ft.) bedroom with 2 top class boxspring beds; extra bed possible; new flatscreen TV (2017) - Quiet part of the city center -Free towels & fast WiFi - Cute bathroom with rainfall shower in the hall - Large fully equipped kitchen  available for making your own breakfast, lunch or dinner. - Only 5 minutes from the heart of the city! - Close to Schiphol Airport (20 minutes by train&tram) - Close to Amsterdam Central Station (10 minutes by tram)   Read a recent blog about the room (German/Deutsch) here: (URL HIDDEN) AMSTERDAM ROOM Rent our comfortable 2-/3-person room; 18m2. Two single beds, or 1 double bed if you like. Extra bed (200x90cm) for a 3rd person is available! THE APARTMENT In our 2014 fully modernized, yet authentic 19th century apartment, you'll be staying in one of our two brand new rooms.  In the Amsterdam Room, on the 1st floor, you may expect double glazed windows, and your double set of room keys.  The solid oak floor and new boxspring beds guarantee you","Situated in the Amsterdam City Center, the Kinkerbuurt is located right between the Vondelpark, the Rembrandtpark and the Erasmuspark. You'll find canals, cafe’s, public transport and restaurants within a 3 minute walk. You'll find the world famous Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, the Anne Frank House, The van Gogh Museum, The Rijksmuseum, the Jordan Area and the Canal Cruise Harbor all within 7,5 (tram) minutes. To Dam square, the center of Amsterdam, is  just short of 1 mile away. Famous area's like Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein are very close. In this Amsterdam Center area ‘Old West’, the Kinkerbuurt has undergone of a major upgrade in 2014 and another one in 2018. Many streets and houses in this area have undergone urban renewal, making the entire neighbourhood hip and happening. You will find our location a very comfortable starting point for any trip you may decide to plan. Five major tram lines are conveniently located within a few minutes walk and we'll gladly show you how to","Jeroen will gladly walk you from the tram stop the first time should you have trouble finding us! A 3 minute walk to the south gets you to: -The tram line 7 will take you to the famous entertainment area Leidseplein in only 5 minutes; -The tram line 17 goes to Dam Square (5 minutes), and Central Station a few minutes after that. A 3 minute walk north takes you to: -Tram line 12, which will take you to the second and third largest trainstations in the city, Sloterdijk and Amstel station, connecting you to the rest of the coutry. -Tram line 13, which is a direct connection to Dam Square (5 minutes) and central station (10 minutes); -Tram line 14, also towards Dam square and will take you to famous square Rembrandt Square (8 minutes).","- Geniet van Amsterdam! Enjoy Amsterdam! Genießen Sie Amsterdam! - Niet roken. Please do not smoke. Rauchen ist nicht zulässig, ne fumer pas svp. - Geen huisdieren. No pets. Keine Haustiere. Pas d'animaux. - Keuken en sanitair graag achterlaten zoals u het aantreft. - Please leave the kitchen and restroom as you find it. - Hinterlassen Sie bitte die Küche und Sanitärräume so wie Sie diese vorgefunden haben. - Veuilles laisser la cuisine et la toilette aussi propre que vous souhaiteriez les trouver en entrant."
