2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Jordaan. Perfect location 1 min walk to the canals and shopping street Haarlemmerstraat. 10 min walk to the Central Station.,"Beautiful, perfect location apartment with 2 bedrooms furnished a double bed and a IKEA sofa bed for 2 people, balcony. REFURNISHED IN APRIL 2015 Fully equipped with kitchenware, cutlery.","2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Jordaan. Perfect location 1 min walk to the canals and shopping street Haarlemmerstraat. 10 min walk to the Central Station. Beautiful, perfect location apartment with 2 bedrooms furnished a double bed and a IKEA sofa bed for 2 people, balcony. REFURNISHED IN APRIL 2015 Fully equipped with kitchenware, cutlery. Saturdays you will find the Lindenmarkt (Lime market), a general market, on the Lindengracht (Lime canal) and a biological food market on the Noordermarkt (North market). Mondays you have a flea market at the Noordermarkt and a market on the Westerstraat (West street) with nice fabrics. On the Noordermarkt you can visit the Noorderkerk (North church), designed by Hendrick de Keyser in the 17th century. Buses 18,21,22 are convenient when coming from the Centraal Station. To get to Leidseplein tram 10 is a 5-10 min. walking distance. The house is currently on the market for rent so with prior consent, the real estate may bring potential tenants ","Saturdays you will find the Lindenmarkt (Lime market), a general market, on the Lindengracht (Lime canal) and a biological food market on the Noordermarkt (North market). Mondays you have a flea market at the Noordermarkt and a market on the Westerstraat (West street) with nice fabrics. On the Noordermarkt you can visit the Noorderkerk (North church), designed by Hendrick de Keyser in the 17th century.","Buses 18,21,22 are convenient when coming from the Centraal Station. To get to Leidseplein tram 10 is a 5-10 min. walking distance.",No smoking or pets allowed. No noise between 10:00 pm - 07:00 am Respect neighbors with small children
