,"This apartment with a big roof terrace is located in the heart of the popular “Jordaan area” and is perfect for your Amsterdam experience!   As you probably already know.. this location is in walking distance to all the nice hotspots! In the Jordaan, the most characteristic part of Amsterdams city centre we offer our nice modern 2 bedroom apartment. The apartment is on the first floor of a 4 storey building and has a 25 sq.m. roof terrace. The apartment has 2 bedrooms: one with a kingsize bed, the other with a queensize sofa bed.  There's a bathroom with a bath (with shower) and washing machine and a separate restroom.  We have a fully equipped new kitchen with dishwasher, oven, microwave and refrigerator. The apartment is located in the middle of Jordaan district, an area packed with bars and restaurants. Have breakfast at home, as the nearest grocery store is only 25 meters away, or at one of the small sandwich shops in the area. Or, even better, start your day with the famous apple ","This apartment with a big roof terrace is located in the heart of the popular “Jordaan area” and is perfect for your Amsterdam experience!   As you probably already know.. this location is in walking distance to all the nice hotspots!  In the Jordaan, the most characteristic part of Amsterdams city centre we offer our nice modern 2 bedroom apartment. The apartment is on the first floor of a 4 storey building and has a 25 sq.m. roof terrace. The apartment has 2 bedrooms: one with a kingsize bed, the other with a queensize sofa bed.  There's a bathroom with a bath (with shower) and washing machine and a separate restroom.  We have a fully equipped new kitchen with dishwasher, oven, microwave and refrigerator.   The apartment is located in the middle of Jordaan district, an area packed with bars and restaurants. Have breakfast at home, as the nearest grocery store is only 25 meters away, or at one of the small sandwich shops in the area. Or, even better, start your day with the famous app",,,No smoking inside. No pets. No party.
