"Beautiful located and bright modern furnished apartment. Second floor with nice view of the canals and Westertoren next to the Anne Frank house. At a corner, so a lot of sunlight and wide views. Sleeps 4 in 2 rooms with separate badroom and toilet.","In a quiet part of the city centre of Amsterdam (border of de Jordaan & Oud West). 53m2 with a great view: Canals and the Westertoren (church next to the Anne Frank house). Best suited for one (or two) couple(s) because of two double beds. One room is convertible into an office. The apartment is redeveloped in 2010, so the kitchen, bathroom and toilets are in good condition and comfortable. It is very light because the walls are clean white and there are three big windows in the living room. There are two bikes you can use. Pros: - quiet - great view - close to everything - bright - a desk for teleworking: Extra 4k screen you can hook up to your MacBook, when you choose for an office instead of the second bed room. - fully equipped kitchen including Rocket Cellini Classic espresso machine - steep stairs, the real Amsterdam experience and good for workout and balance training. :-) Cons: - steep stairs (think ladder) - during the day there are trams passing by - tiny ( (Phone number hidd","Beautiful located and bright modern furnished apartment. Second floor with nice view of the canals and Westertoren next to the Anne Frank house. At a corner, so a lot of sunlight and wide views. Sleeps 4 in 2 rooms with separate badroom and toilet. In a quiet part of the city centre of Amsterdam (border of de Jordaan & Oud West). 53m2 with a great view: Canals and the Westertoren (church next to the Anne Frank house). Best suited for one (or two) couple(s) because of two double beds. One room is convertible into an office. The apartment is redeveloped in 2010, so the kitchen, bathroom and toilets are in good condition and comfortable. It is very light because the walls are clean white and there are three big windows in the living room. There are two bikes you can use. Pros: - quiet - great view - close to everything - bright - a desk for teleworking: Extra 4k screen you can hook up to your MacBook, when you choose for an office instead of the second bed room. - fully equipped kitchen i","At the border of the Jordaan. One mile from the Westerpark and less than two from the Vondelpark. Close to the Noordermarkt, Westerkerk / Anne Frank house. 20 minute walk to the Dam Square.","Close to tram lines 13, 17, 10 and 14. The central station is a 10 minute bike ride away.","Well, I don't really like rules. But I guess you need them sometimes. Rule 1 Enjoy your stay very much. If there is anything that I can help you with, you have to let me know. Let me make sure you have a wonderful time. Other things: - Smoke outside (only if you want to smoke :-); - Try to give the neighbours as a relaxing time as they give you; - Leave the apartment in the state you found it. If you think it is clean, leave it as clean as it was. If you think it was dirty, leave it as dirty as it was (not cleaner, not more dirty). - Double lock the bicycles. It is very safe, but bicycles are not really seen as property over here, so they will be gone if you don't. -"
