"In the very heart of Amsterdam downtown,  on the main street of Amsterdam CS. 200 meters from Dam Square. Amazing location. What tourists wish to have is just on the doorstep, around the corner or within walking distance. To avoid complains,  please note, only accessible via steep stairs that are typical for historical buildings in Amsterdam, no left, bell boy or airco. It is comfortable, modern and clean. If you are looking for total privacy, bright space of 50 m2, free smoking, here is one.","The apartment is located on the second floor. Beware that there is no elevator in the building, so prepare for some stairs. Amsterdam stairs are very steep. Due to the stairs this apartment is not suitable for families with (small) children or people with immobility problems. We offer a spacious lounge room/dining corner and television. Also wifi is available. If you have any questions about staying in The Juwelier just get in touch!","In the very heart of Amsterdam downtown,  on the main street of Amsterdam CS. 200 meters from Dam Square. Amazing location. What tourists wish to have is just on the doorstep, around the corner or within walking distance. To avoid complains,  please note, only accessible via steep stairs that are typical for historical buildings in Amsterdam, no left, bell boy or airco. It is comfortable, modern and clean. If you are looking for total privacy, bright space of 50 m2, free smoking, here is one. The apartment is located on the second floor. Beware that there is no elevator in the building, so prepare for some stairs. Amsterdam stairs are very steep. Due to the stairs this apartment is not suitable for families with (small) children or people with immobility problems. We offer a spacious lounge room/dining corner and television. Also wifi is available. If you have any questions about staying in The Juwelier just get in touch! Access to the whole apartment. Is not shared with anybody else. ","The apartment is in the middle of down town. Restaurant, cafeterias, coffee shops, theatres, theatres of English stand up comedians and more. Just around the building or meters from the front door.",Public transport is just in front of the building. Parking is possible on the street. Cheap way of park and ride is just 15 minutes from the apartment. From the airport 15 minutes by train and 10 minutes walking.,"House rules: We don't accept hooligans, trouble makers or noisy types. Therefore send us your name on (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) to check. No private reservation. All reservation must be done via airbnb.  We ask you to behave in a responsible and socially acceptable manner at all times whilst occupying the apartment and to be considerate and courteous to all the neighbours within the apartment block. If you don't respect the rules, we have the right to ask you to evacuate the apartment directly, even with help of  the police, without refund to any remaining days or deposit. If more guests than booked are found at any time of the stay, a charge of 100 Euro a night per person for the whole booked period. Visitors are allowed for short time during the day time."
