Kids friendly house Amsterdam,"The house is 110m2. Downstairs: toilet, kitchen (Bulthaup, dishwasher, cooker, microwave and oven), living room. Living room with flatscreen tv (international channels). Big table with 4 chairs. In the livingroom we have a seat where you can also sleep. Upstairs: 2 bedrooms. 1 room with a double bed (180x200Auping), with excess to the sunny balcony (15m2), the other room has 2 children beds also possible to sleep here on the aerobed.  Bathroom (bath and separate shower) extra separate toilet. The house is located in WESTERPARK area. Near central station and city centre, both 10 min on your bike. we live very close to the Westergasfabriek. A area with a lot of art and lots to do. Nice restaurants like Cafe Amsterdam, bakkerswinkel and Pacific park. Also a (art) cinema.  Very close to the house, 2 min walk there is the stop for the tram which takes you to the centre or the zoo (Artis). And lots of other things to do.  No extra charges for children till the age of 10. ","The house is 110m2. Downstairs: toilet, kitchen (Bulthaup, dishwasher, cooker, microwave and oven), living room. Living room with flatscreen tv (international channels). Big table with 4 chairs. In the livingroom we have a seat where you can also sleep. Upstairs: 2 bedrooms. 1 room with a double bed (180x200Auping), with excess to the sunny balcony (15m2), the other room has 2 children beds also possible to sleep here on the aerobed.  Bathroom (bath and separate shower) extra separate toilet. The house is located in WESTERPARK area. Near central station and city centre, both 10 min on your bike. we live very close to the Westergasfabriek. A area with a lot of art and lots to do. Nice restaurants like Cafe Amsterdam, bakkerswinkel and Pacific park. Also a (art) cinema.  Very close to the house, 2 min walk there is the stop for the tram which takes you to the centre or the zoo (Artis). And lots of other things to do.  No extra charges for children till the age of 10. ",,,"The house is clean and neat, we like to keep it that way. No smoking, as the walls are white, we have a garden and a balcony where you can smoke."
