,"The penthouse apartment has a lovely, characteristically Amsterdam feel to it, with its sloped ceilings. Central in the apartment is the wooden staircase that gives access to the wonderful roof terrace, complete with lounge chairs. You’ll have great views over the neighborhood and enjoy total privacy while enjoying a sunny day! This apartment sleep 4: there is a twin bedroom and a double bedroom in the back. There are two extra beds for children available upon request.  There is a lovely Bulthaup kitchen installed, as well as a design bathroom with floor heating, bath, walk-in shower and sink. Separate toilet and additional storage space in the hallway. THE LOCATION  Located on a quiet street between the Amstel River and the Utrechtsestraat, you’ll have best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is lovely, classy shopping street, with its boutiques, café’s and restaurants. For your daily groceries there is an Albert Heijn supermarket a stone’s throw away from the apartments.","The penthouse apartment has a lovely, characteristically Amsterdam feel to it, with its sloped ceilings. Central in the apartment is the wooden staircase that gives access to the wonderful roof terrace, complete with lounge chairs. You’ll have great views over the neighborhood and enjoy total privacy while enjoying a sunny day! This apartment sleep 4: there is a twin bedroom and a double bedroom in the back. There are two extra beds for children available upon request.  There is a lovely Bulthaup kitchen installed, as well as a design bathroom with floor heating, bath, walk-in shower and sink. Separate toilet and additional storage space in the hallway. THE LOCATION  Located on a quiet street between the Amstel River and the Utrechtsestraat, you’ll have best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is lovely, classy shopping street, with its boutiques, café’s and restaurants. For your daily groceries there is an Albert Heijn supermarket a stone’s throw away from the apartments.",,"Getting there and around  The area is very well connected with the city’s extensive public transport system. Trams and metro lines are all close by (closest stop: Frederiksplein). There is ample parking space on the public road. Alternatively, there is also a secured parking garage underneath the City Hall, which is approximately a 7 minute walk from the apartment. To the Airport  Take any tram on Frederiksplein in the direction of Central Station. There, you can take one of the express trains to Schiphol airport. All in all, this will take you approx. 40 mins. If you’d prefer a taxi to your next destination, call TCA Taxi service Amsterdam, tel. (+ (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) , or walk to the taxi stand, just around the corner on Frederiksplein","1.  There is a strict non-smoking policy in the apartments, elevator and staircase. 2.  The use of open fire (barbecue) or candles is prohibited, inside the apartments, and also outside on the balconnies / terrace. 3.  There is a strict no drugs policy in the apartments. 4.  In respect for the neighbors, we ask you to refrain from making noise between 11 pm and 7 am. 5.  Under no circumstances will the renter(s) be of any nuisance to other occupants of the apartment building, nor to the neighboring residents. Renter is responsible for the correct behaviour of all members in his/her group. In the case of complaints from third parties, if well-founded in our opinion, the renter will be charged with a fine, to the maximum amount of the deposit. 6.  Upon leaving the apartments, we ask you to make sure that all windows and doors are closed and locked. 7.  Damage / loss to the inventory should be reported to the manager immediatly. Any costs that are made for replacement / repair will be bil"
