,"This impressive space, accessed directly via the ground floor entrance, sleeps 4 and 2 extra beds for children. The spacious living room has large windows that face the quiet street on the front, and the open Bulthaup kitchen that is fully equipped centers the expansive living room of the apartment. In the back there are two large bedrooms: a master bedroom with a king size bed, as well as a spare twin bed, which is pulled out, and a smaller bedroom with a double bed. Both rooms have access to a large patio, great for outside dining when the weather allows!  There is a large, luxurious bathroom with floor heating, bath, walk-in shower and sink, and a separate toilet and additional storage space for suitcases and such, in the hallway. THE LOCATION Located on a quiet street between the Amstel River and the Utrechtsestraat, you’ll have best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is lovely, classy shopping street, with its boutiques, café’s and restaurants. For your daily groceri","This impressive space, accessed directly via the ground floor entrance, sleeps 4 and 2 extra beds for children. The spacious living room has large windows that face the quiet street on the front, and the open Bulthaup kitchen that is fully equipped centers the expansive living room of the apartment. In the back there are two large bedrooms: a master bedroom with a king size bed, as well as a spare twin bed, which is pulled out, and a smaller bedroom with a double bed. Both rooms have access to a large patio, great for outside dining when the weather allows!  There is a large, luxurious bathroom with floor heating, bath, walk-in shower and sink, and a separate toilet and additional storage space for suitcases and such, in the hallway. THE LOCATION Located on a quiet street between the Amstel River and the Utrechtsestraat, you’ll have best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is lovely, classy shopping street, with its boutiques, café’s and restaurants. For your daily groceri",,"Getting there and around  The area is very well connected with the city’s extensive public transport system. Trams and metro lines are all close by (closest stop: Frederiksplein). There is ample parking space on the public road. Alternatively, there is also a secured parking garage underneath the City Hall, which is approximately a 7 minute walk from the apartment. To the Airport  Take any tram on Frederiksplein in the direction of Central Station. There, you can take one of the express trains to Schiphol airport. All in all, this will take you approx. 40 mins. If you’d prefer a taxi to your next destination, call TCA Taxi service Amsterdam, tel. (+ (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) , or walk to the taxi stand, just around the corner on Frederiksplein","1.  There is a strict non-smoking policy in the apartments, elevator and staircase. 2.  The use of open fire (barbecue) or candles is prohibited, inside the apartments, and also outside on the balconnies / terrace. 3.  There is a strict no drugs policy in the apartments. 4.  In respect for the neighbors, we ask you to refrain from making noise between 11 pm and 7 am. 5.  Under no circumstances will the renter(s) be of any nuisance to other occupants of the apartment building, nor to the neighboring residents. Renter is responsible for the correct behaviour of all members in his/her group. In the case of complaints from third parties, if well-founded in our opinion, the renter will be charged with a fine, to the maximum amount of the deposit. 6.  Upon leaving the apartments, we ask you to make sure that all windows and doors are closed and locked. 7.  Damage / loss to the inventory should be reported to the manager immediatly. Any costs that are made for replacement / repair will be bil"
