"Located at the heart of Amsterdam's most picturesque area 'De Jordaan', this 145 m2 spacious 400 year old apartment in a monument is both water-sided, as well as based on the dreamy Noordermarkt square. Luxuriously renovated, accommodating 4 people.","FOR LONGER STAY THEN 7 DAYS: PLEASE CONTACT US FOR SPECIAL RATES  Located at the heart of Amsterdam's most picturesque area 'De Jordaan', this 145 m2 spacious apartment is both water-sided, as well as based on the dreamy Noordermarkt square. The house is a 400 years old historic monument. Inside it's completely luxuriously renovated, while keeping it's classic characteristic details. It can accommodate 4 people   Details: - 145 m2 (3 top floors of a 5 story house) - 2nd floor: -Master bedroom with one king-size double bed with flatscreen tv and canal view. -Guestroom with brand new double sleeping sofa (not shown in the pictures yet) and acces to roofterrace (incl. BBQ) Both rooms are adjacent to the luxurious bathroom, with separate bath and rain-shower cabin. - 3rd floor: Large sunny and comfortable living room, with adjoined luxurious kitchen. - 4th floor: Study with the most stunning view on the Noordermarkt and church, as well as an extra separate toilet.   Facilities: Free WIFI 2","Located at the heart of Amsterdam's most picturesque area 'De Jordaan', this 145 m2 spacious 400 year old apartment in a monument is both water-sided, as well as based on the dreamy Noordermarkt square. Luxuriously renovated, accommodating 4 people. FOR LONGER STAY THEN 7 DAYS: PLEASE CONTACT US FOR SPECIAL RATES  Located at the heart of Amsterdam's most picturesque area 'De Jordaan', this 145 m2 spacious apartment is both water-sided, as well as based on the dreamy Noordermarkt square. The house is a 400 years old historic monument. Inside it's completely luxuriously renovated, while keeping it's classic characteristic details. It can accommodate 4 people   Details: - 145 m2 (3 top floors of a 5 story house) - 2nd floor: -Master bedroom with one king-size double bed with flatscreen tv and canal view. -Guestroom with brand new double sleeping sofa (not shown in the pictures yet) and acces to roofterrace (incl. BBQ) Both rooms are adjacent to the luxurious bathroom, with separate bath a","The Noordermarkt,  on which the apartment is situated, is perhaps the nicest market of Amsterdam, as it's very quiet and calm in the middle of the old Jordaan historic area. On Mondays there's a little second hand market during daytime,  and on Saturdays there's a biological food market with amazing food. The rest of the week the market is empty and calm and you'll have it all to yourself, with a few tables here and there to enjoy your drink.","The main train station of Amsterdam ('Centraal') is 10 minutes by foot.  There are multiple tramlines passing by nearby too. Or take a boat on the corner. Or a bike taxi, or...",We will give you all details of the house rules & possibilities upon arrival. Nothing uncommon.  We have two adorable cats that need feeding (& cuddling) mainly. If the cats are a problem please contact us.  Please do not use the fireplace.  For smoking please use the terrace.   Please respect the neighbours after hours in regard to playing music
