"Our spacious and light house is an oasis in busy Amsterdam. Plenty of space to relax, to cook, have meals, sit around the fire, and plan the next day in town. Shops, markets, restaurants and bars all at walking distance in this cosy corner of town. Perfect place for families (we don't rent to groups of friends - sorry)","This 100 year old townhouse with garden is in the east of Amsterdam and has 225 m2. There are 3 double beds and 4 single beds, and three bathrooms. We have kept the characteristics of this beautiful old house intact, but renovated it in such a way that it is spacious, modern and practical. Fifteen minutes from the centre by bike or tram. Tram 9 stops at a 2 minute walk from our house.  At the ground floor, you'll find a well equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, oven, espresso machine and boiling water system. Here you will also find a large dining table and a cosy sitting area. In the summer you can sit on the spacious balcony. In the winter you can light a fire in our Finnish wood burner. Woodblocks available. Upstairs is a large sitting area with TV and another fireplace. The house has 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, plus a sports room, balconies and a garden. The ceilings are high, and the stairs are steep!  The house is equipped with high speed wireless internet and we have a Sonos Syst","Our spacious and light house is an oasis in busy Amsterdam. Plenty of space to relax, to cook, have meals, sit around the fire, and plan the next day in town. Shops, markets, restaurants and bars all at walking distance in this cosy corner of town. Perfect place for families (we don't rent to groups of friends - sorry) This 100 year old townhouse with garden is in the east of Amsterdam and has 225 m2. There are 3 double beds and 4 single beds, and three bathrooms. We have kept the characteristics of this beautiful old house intact, but renovated it in such a way that it is spacious, modern and practical. Fifteen minutes from the centre by bike or tram. Tram 9 stops at a 2 minute walk from our house.  At the ground floor, you'll find a well equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, oven, espresso machine and boiling water system. Here you will also find a large dining table and a cosy sitting area. In the summer you can sit on the spacious balcony. In the winter you can light a fire in our Fi",,"If you prefer to have your car in front of the house, parking is not a problem in our neighborhood. Day ticket costs 35 euro. Sundays and bank holidays free parking.  Another possibility is to park in a nearby parking garage for 7 euro per day (with discount tickets that I can provide).  Tram 9 goes directly to and from Central Station, and has a stop at the beginning of our street.","We hope you will respect our home and have a wonderful time here. You can use anything in the fridge and in the kitchen cupboards. Families are very welcome, but we prefer not to rent to groups of friends."
