"This apartment is huge for Amsterdam standards. Apart from 1200 sq feet of modern living space you will also have access to a large roof terrace. No need to leave the house for a relaxing vacation. However, the city center is really closeby...","Large (120 m2 or 1300 ft2) and fully equiped family apartment next to the city centre, with 3 bedrooms, a spacious living room and a 400 ft2 (or 40 m2) rooftop terrace. Located in a quiet residential street in one of the most popular and vibrant neighbourhoods of Amsterdam. Ideal for a group of friends, two couples or a family with children. You will have the complete two storey apartment to yourself! Three years ago we bought two seperate apartments and turned them into one spacious 2 storey apartment. We totally renovated the place, making it a light and spacious house which is very comfortable for the four of us. The historic heart of Amsterdam is just around the corner. You are literally a 10 minute tram ride away from Dam Square, 5 minutes to the canals with the Anne Frank House. Cycling is just as fast in this city and the most popular and convenient way to get around. By tram or bycicle it takes 20 minutes to the central station. Also Schiphol airport is only 30 minutes away by ","This apartment is huge for Amsterdam standards. Apart from 1200 sq feet of modern living space you will also have access to a large roof terrace. No need to leave the house for a relaxing vacation. However, the city center is really closeby... Large (120 m2 or 1300 ft2) and fully equiped family apartment next to the city centre, with 3 bedrooms, a spacious living room and a 400 ft2 (or 40 m2) rooftop terrace. Located in a quiet residential street in one of the most popular and vibrant neighbourhoods of Amsterdam. Ideal for a group of friends, two couples or a family with children. You will have the complete two storey apartment to yourself! Three years ago we bought two seperate apartments and turned them into one spacious 2 storey apartment. We totally renovated the place, making it a light and spacious house which is very comfortable for the four of us. The historic heart of Amsterdam is just around the corner. You are literally a 10 minute tram ride away from Dam Square, 5 minutes t","Apart from the size of the place we were especially attracted to its location in one of the most exciting neighbourhoods of Amsterdam (called 'De Baarsjes'), with new cafés, vintage shops, restaurants and coffee bars opening up monthly. But also the many facilities nearby like supermarkets, parks and playgrounds make this mixed area a popular place to live. Apart from native 'Amsterdammers' this area is especially popular with young families, expats, students and immigrants from all over the world. I will leave you lots of good inside information on the best bars, resaturants, shops etcetera in the neighbourhood.",Trams to the city center take 10 minutes. It takes you 3 minutes to walk to the nearest tram stop from our house. Or you can rent a bike. I will let you know where to get a good deal.,"This is a quiet neighbourhood, so please keep the noise down. Good thing is that quiet nights are guaranteed! Smoking is fine on the balconies or the roof terrace. Things can break. That’s life. We would appreciate it if you tell us so we can replace it.  No other people who are not on the booking please. This is because of insurance. Enjoy your stay."
