"My flat is walking distance to Jordaan and the Westerpark (5-10 minutes). It is also a 20/25-minute walk to the Dam Square. It is in a lively yet quiet neighborhood, perfect for solo travelers and couples. It is reachable from the Central Station by bus (15 min) or foot (30/35 min) and has supermarkets, good restaurants and cafes nearby.  The room is large and very bright and comfortable. The living room is very spacious and cozy, and you can use it as much as you'd like!","The apartment has 2 bedrooms and my housemate lives in the 2nd one; so you will not be alone in the flat, but will have total privacy in your bedroom. The bathroom, kitchen and living room are shared with her.","My flat is walking distance to Jordaan and the Westerpark (5-10 minutes). It is also a 20/25-minute walk to the Dam Square. It is in a lively yet quiet neighborhood, perfect for solo travelers and couples. It is reachable from the Central Station by bus (15 min) or foot (30/35 min) and has supermarkets, good restaurants and cafes nearby.  The room is large and very bright and comfortable. The living room is very spacious and cozy, and you can use it as much as you'd like! The apartment has 2 bedrooms and my housemate lives in the 2nd one; so you will not be alone in the flat, but will have total privacy in your bedroom. The bathroom, kitchen and living room are shared with her. I will be absent during your stay, but my housemate will be there. I will put you in touch with her once the booking is confirmed, and she can be available when needed. Jordaan/Westerpark is a vibrant area of Amsterdam, with picturesque canals and great restaurants and cafés. The flat is located in a quiet and s","Jordaan/Westerpark is a vibrant area of Amsterdam, with picturesque canals and great restaurants and cafés. The flat is located in a quiet and safe square. There is a bakery just next door (left side when exiting the building), so you can grab a fresh croissant in the morning :-) There're also a grocery shop and a tobacco shop next door (right side).","Bus 21 coming from the central station stops right in front of the flat (at the square). Trams 3 and 10 are also nearby (3 min walk), and take you to touristic areas such as the Museumplein.",
