"Our house is perfect for a family with two little children. Different parks, Amstel river, public swimmingpool, tenniscourt and playgrounds are on walking distance(1-5 minutes). The city centre is 15 minutes away by tram or bisycle. Aside the Amstel are beautifull bisycle routes to scenic villages. ","The house is spacious and very light because it has big windows and is located on the corner of the block. The sleeping area is downstears and nicely seperated from the living area, which is perfect when the kids are aleep. The sidewalk is very wide so there is room to play and hang out. Access to television, internet, audio. Nothing is off limit. everything is there: big stove, dishwasher, espresso machine, washingmachine, televison, internet, dvd player, stereo. Wirlpool in the bath. Double bed and two children beds. reachable by mobile or email The neighborhood is calm, but there is enough to do for kids as well as grownups. The public swimmingpool is at 200 mtrs distance and there ar play-farms in the neighborhood. The river Amstel is beautifull and will take you right into the countryside as well as the city centre. Tram, bus and train are very closeby. parking is not included, but there is a parking nearby, 12 euro per day.  From the airport you can take a taxi, train and bus. ","Our house is perfect for a family with two little children. Different parks, Amstel river, public swimmingpool, tenniscourt and playgrounds are on walking distance(1-5 minutes). The city centre is 15 minutes away by tram or bisycle. Aside the Amstel are beautifull bisycle routes to scenic villages.  The house is spacious and very light because it has big windows and is located on the corner of the block. The sleeping area is downstears and nicely seperated from the living area, which is perfect when the kids are aleep. The sidewalk is very wide so there is room to play and hang out. Access to television, internet, audio. Nothing is off limit. everything is there: big stove, dishwasher, espresso machine, washingmachine, televison, internet, dvd player, stereo. Wirlpool in the bath. Double bed and two children beds. reachable by mobile or email The neighborhood is calm, but there is enough to do for kids as well as grownups. The public swimmingpool is at 200 mtrs distance and there ar pl","The neighborhood is calm, but there is enough to do for kids as well as grownups. The public swimmingpool is at 200 mtrs distance and there ar play-farms in the neighborhood. The river Amstel is beautifull and will take you right into the countryside as well as the city centre.","Tram, bus and train are very closeby. parking is not included, but there is a parking nearby, 12 euro per day.  From the airport you can take a taxi, train and bus. ",
