Big beautiful house with garden on the water.  2 large bedrooms and a third bedroom in consultation possible. Easily accessible and 5 minute walk to the free ferry that goes to Central Station. bicycles rent. free parking.,"Big beautiful house with garden on the water.  2 large bedrooms and a third bedroom in consultation possible. Easily accessible and 10 minute walk to the free ferry that goes to Central Station. bicycles rent possible. free parking.  Industrial / modern / spacious / natural    restful / clean Ik communicere via (website hidden), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), EMail en telefoon. Gasten kunnen mij altijd bereiken en ik reageer snel tenminste binnen 1 dag. I love the feeling of a village in a busy city. I live in a new neighborhood center located in an old working-class neighborhood and surrounded by lots of water. North is the place to be. The one area that has been transformed into a cultural, industrial and residential work area. It is a breeding ground for art and culture, but also business and  live. There is all day and night bus transportation within a few minutes walk away.  Free parking in front of the house. Ik communicere via (website hidden), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), EMail e","Big beautiful house with garden on the water.  2 large bedrooms and a third bedroom in consultation possible. Easily accessible and 5 minute walk to the free ferry that goes to Central Station. bicycles rent. free parking. Big beautiful house with garden on the water.  2 large bedrooms and a third bedroom in consultation possible. Easily accessible and 10 minute walk to the free ferry that goes to Central Station. bicycles rent possible. free parking.  Industrial / modern / spacious / natural    restful / clean Ik communicere via (website hidden), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), EMail en telefoon. Gasten kunnen mij altijd bereiken en ik reageer snel tenminste binnen 1 dag. I love the feeling of a village in a busy city. I live in a new neighborhood center located in an old working-class neighborhood and surrounded by lots of water. North is the place to be. The one area that has been transformed into a cultural, industrial and residential work area. It is a breeding ground for art and cul","I love the feeling of a village in a busy city. I live in a new neighborhood center located in an old working-class neighborhood and surrounded by lots of water. North is the place to be. The one area that has been transformed into a cultural, industrial and residential work area. It is a breeding ground for art and culture, but also business and  live.","There is all day and night bus transportation within a few minutes walk away.  There is a free ferry boat 10 minutes walk, that brings you to central station",Shoes off regarding wooden floor. Slippers are provided.  No smoking in the house.  Pets considered
