"Perfect playful designed family house for 1 or 2 families with kids. located in the center of Amsterdam, near the Zoo, Artis and the beautiful Amstel. Accommodation: The family lives in a spacious house with 12 rooms, 2 bathrooms, and sunny garden","Perfect playful designed family house for 1 or 2 families with (small) kids located in the center of Amsterdam. The house is fully owned and has a  lot of space. The canals and the famous Amstel hotel are just around the corner and one of the most famous streets of Amsterdam with lots of nice boutiques, bars and cozy restaurants. The Amsterdam central station is only 10 min away and all the tourist attractions are easily available as the tram and the metro station are within a 3 min walk. We have bikes. You will be spoiled for dinner hot spots in our neighborhood.  You will feel at home in a truly unique location. We live in probably the best part of the city: Amsterdam Centre Jewish quarter. Central, yet safe and tranquil. Our house has 4 floors and measures 400 m2. The house dates back to 1873. We bought it 5 years ago and totally renovated it in a modern, stylish and playful way, embracing the historical details. Ground floor: spacious TV room ensuite with a dining room, 2,40 meter ","Perfect playful designed family house for 1 or 2 families with kids. located in the center of Amsterdam, near the Zoo, Artis and the beautiful Amstel. Accommodation: The family lives in a spacious house with 12 rooms, 2 bathrooms, and sunny garden Perfect playful designed family house for 1 or 2 families with (small) kids located in the center of Amsterdam. The house is fully owned and has a  lot of space. The canals and the famous Amstel hotel are just around the corner and one of the most famous streets of Amsterdam with lots of nice boutiques, bars and cozy restaurants. The Amsterdam central station is only 10 min away and all the tourist attractions are easily available as the tram and the metro station are within a 3 min walk. We have bikes. You will be spoiled for dinner hot spots in our neighborhood.  You will feel at home in a truly unique location. We live in probably the best part of the city: Amsterdam Centre Jewish quarter. Central, yet safe and tranquil. Our house has 4 fl","i love that its very central, yet very quit and private","the metro station is 50 m from our house, also 2 trams stops are within walking distance",We have decorated and designed our house with love and care and we expect to treat it like this also.
