"Welcome to our large, luxury apartment in Amsterdam with very large garden, a short tram ride away from the center! We offer a great homely ambiance, with everything you need, like wifi, laundry facilities, dishwasher, shower and bathtub!","Welcome to our beautiful, large apartment in Amsterdam. Our place was recently renovated and is very light and open, with not many walls and doors. On the ground floor (street level) you will enter the apartment and almost immediately step into our large livingroom, which has a super comfortable couch with chaise longue, coffee table, cable and digital TV, Netflix, beautiful stained glass window and in the fromt side of the livingroom a large play area for children, which can also be used as a second sleeping area, where we can place an air mattress. In the back side of the livingroom we have a beautiful sun room or ""serre"", as we call it in Dutch, with French doors opening to the large garden. Here you will find a good size garden table and 4 chairs and your kids will enjoy themselves as well and we have a toddler swing, sand box and slide. At the moment, the biggest part f the garden is terrace, but we intend to have grass put in this summer. Beautiful plants like hydrangeas and phlo","Welcome to our large, luxury apartment in Amsterdam with very large garden, a short tram ride away from the center! We offer a great homely ambiance, with everything you need, like wifi, laundry facilities, dishwasher, shower and bathtub! Welcome to our beautiful, large apartment in Amsterdam. Our place was recently renovated and is very light and open, with not many walls and doors. On the ground floor (street level) you will enter the apartment and almost immediately step into our large livingroom, which has a super comfortable couch with chaise longue, coffee table, cable and digital TV, Netflix, beautiful stained glass window and in the fromt side of the livingroom a large play area for children, which can also be used as a second sleeping area, where we can place an air mattress. In the back side of the livingroom we have a beautiful sun room or ""serre"", as we call it in Dutch, with French doors opening to the large garden. Here you will find a good size garden table and 4 chairs ","Everything is just a stone's throw away: bars and restaurants, a bakery, supermarket, take out and delivery, you name it. Dam Square is only 10 minutes away by (rental) bike or tram. Arriving by car? No problem. The city ring A10 is very close by and parking is no problem.",Several trams and buses stop just around the corner of our apartment!,"- NO SMOKING inside the apartment!!! - Take good care of our cats - No shoes downstairs or in the bathroom - No food or drinks downstairs - Be considerate to the neighbours: no noise and don't be rude - No chemicals (like cleaning producs) on the bathroom sink or on the bathroom floor! The sink is made of natural stone and will be ruined by chemicals, as will the floor, which is made of Portuguese cement tiles - If you finish anything (like laundry detergent, food, wine), please replace it - when you go out: turn off the heat, close the windows and lock the doors - leave the apartment in a clean state, clean your dishes and put everything back where you found it"
