"A spacious, bright 330 years old house with many original details. Suited for a family with children. Situated in a quiet residential area in the center of Amsterdam, and just a few steps from all the major attractions. Please note: we rent our house to families only!","Entire 350 years old spacious house (3 bedroom, 2.5 bath) in a quiet central neighbourhood of Amsterdam. The house was completely renovated with attention to original details (such as the large wooden beams), in a modern minimalist style. This is a unique opportunity to enjoy the comfortable life of a real Amsterdammer. We live here most of the year, and our kids go to school just a few hundred meters from our house. As we live in a cul-de-sac the kids even play in the street (quite unique in the center of Amsterdam). While the neigborhood is very peaceful, we are only a 5 minute walk away from the best museums Amsterdam has to offer: the recently renovated Rijksmuseum, the famous Van Gogh museum, and the new Stedelijk Museum. If you fancy music, you can walk to the world famous Concertgebouw, or go to the two modern pop temples (Paradiso and Melkweg). Many restaurants (from small, cheap eateries, to some of the best and most popular ones), are also within walking distance, as are lots","A spacious, bright 330 years old house with many original details. Suited for a family with children. Situated in a quiet residential area in the center of Amsterdam, and just a few steps from all the major attractions. Please note: we rent our house to families only! Entire 350 years old spacious house (3 bedroom, 2.5 bath) in a quiet central neighbourhood of Amsterdam. The house was completely renovated with attention to original details (such as the large wooden beams), in a modern minimalist style. This is a unique opportunity to enjoy the comfortable life of a real Amsterdammer. We live here most of the year, and our kids go to school just a few hundred meters from our house. As we live in a cul-de-sac the kids even play in the street (quite unique in the center of Amsterdam). While the neigborhood is very peaceful, we are only a 5 minute walk away from the best museums Amsterdam has to offer: the recently renovated Rijksmuseum, the famous Van Gogh museum, and the new Stedelijk Mu",,,"1) No smoking inside. Enjoy your cigarette in our garden instead. 2) No parties 3) Enjoy playing the piano as you like, while treating it respectfully."
