"Large, sunny apartment with luxury bathroom and sauna. Quiet location. Only 6 mins from the city center by bus (3 stops) or 7 minutes by bike to the FREE ferry behind the Central Station. FREE parking in front. Beautiful garden and sunny terrace.","In very popular Amsterdam North on one of Amsterdam's ancient 17th century sea dikes: Buiksloterdijk, is located our  totally renovated studio apartment of 45m2 . It is a oasis of peace and yet only 6 minutes by bus to the Central Station. Only three stops! Although you are in Amsterdam North, you are in fact much closer to the city center than a lot of other places in Amsterdam. You are just behind the Central Station across the river IJ. Free ferries run day and night every 5/10 minutes. They bring you across in 2 minutes. The Buiksloterdijk used to be the place where the Dutch East India Company captains retired. The 17th century houses where called 'the captains heaven'. The water of the IJ-river that runs behind the Central Station came up right to the house. Since 1870 it is a polder.  If you want to go to the city by bike, this is also very easy and quick. In fact we recommend renting bikes as this is the best way of transport in Amsterdam.  Right in front of our house is a bicy","Large, sunny apartment with luxury bathroom and sauna. Quiet location. Only 6 mins from the city center by bus (3 stops) or 7 minutes by bike to the FREE ferry behind the Central Station. FREE parking in front. Beautiful garden and sunny terrace. In very popular Amsterdam North on one of Amsterdam's ancient 17th century sea dikes: Buiksloterdijk, is located our  totally renovated studio apartment of 45m2 . It is a oasis of peace and yet only 6 minutes by bus to the Central Station. Only three stops! Although you are in Amsterdam North, you are in fact much closer to the city center than a lot of other places in Amsterdam. You are just behind the Central Station across the river IJ. Free ferries run day and night every 5/10 minutes. They bring you across in 2 minutes. The Buiksloterdijk used to be the place where the Dutch East India Company captains retired. The 17th century houses where called 'the captains heaven'. The water of the IJ-river that runs behind the Central Station came u","The Buiksloterdijk used to be the place where the Dutch East India Company captains retired. The 17th century houses where called 'the captains heaven'. The water of the IJ-river that runs behind the Central Station came up right to the house. Since 1870 it is a polder.  Amsterdam North is the starting point of numerous bicycle and walking routes through rural North Holland. These routes go right past our house.  Just a few kilometers away, along the North Holland Canal, you get to the Ilperveld, a bird sanctuary and nature park. It is possible to rent so called 'whisper boats' (electric engine) and tour this very special area. A very good idea if you feel like a pick-nick or a swim in summer. An 18 hole golf course is just around the corner. Amsterdam North is the where the artist live in Amsterdam. The brand new Eye film museum with the best terrace of Amsterdam is located here. MTV resides here, so is Universal. There are many specialty restaurants, such as the IJkantine, Café Moder","The bus stop to the center of town Dam Square and Central Station, Canal District is at 350m. Busses 34 and 35 run every 5 minutes. The 2nd stop is NOORDERPARK. There you change to metro 52. It is just one stop to Central station. The second stop is Dam Square. You can also walk to the FREE ferry behind Central Station, 25 minutes. Or go there by bike, 7 minutes.",The apartment is non-smoking. Smoking is allowed on the terrace and in the garden. Pets are not allowed. No noise outside please after 10pm as a courtesy to our neighbours.
