,"Nice, light and spaceous appartment of (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) sft)) situated in a quiet part of the popular area called ‘de Pijp’ (south of centre). House dates from 1906 but has been fully refurbished and redecorated. The appartement consists of 2 floors: 1st floor: living room, kitchen, sleeping room nr 1 with a single bed, toilet, laundry room, indoor staircase to 2nd floor. 2nd floor: bathroom, sleeping room nr 2 with a double bed, and sleeping room nr 3 with a single bed and extra bed. 1st + 2nd floor = 115 m2. The kitchen with large stove plus oven, dishwasher, 2 fridges and nespresso machine. The appartment has fast internet connection (Wifi). The bathroom consists of a toilet, bathtub and shower. The sleeping rooms nrs 2 and 3 are children’s rooms but both have real beds (grown up size). Sleeping room nr 3 also has an extra bed. Furthermore the appartment has two small ‘French’ balkonies on the front side and a larger balcony on the back of the first floor. The appartm","Nice, light and spaceous appartment of (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) sft)) situated in a quiet part of the popular area called ‘de Pijp’ (south of centre). House dates from 1906 but has been fully refurbished and redecorated. The appartement consists of 2 floors: 1st floor: living room, kitchen, sleeping room nr 1 with a single bed, toilet, laundry room, indoor staircase to 2nd floor. 2nd floor: bathroom, sleeping room nr 2 with a double bed, and sleeping room nr 3 with a single bed and extra bed. 1st + 2nd floor = 115 m2. The kitchen with large stove plus oven, dishwasher, 2 fridges and nespresso machine. The appartment has fast internet connection (Wifi). The bathroom consists of a toilet, bathtub and shower. The sleeping rooms nrs 2 and 3 are children’s rooms but both have real beds (grown up size). Sleeping room nr 3 also has an extra bed. Furthermore the appartment has two small ‘French’ balkonies on the front side and a larger balcony on the back of the first floor. The appartm",,,"Roken in huis is niet toegestaan, maar wel op het balkon en in de tuin. Het staat je vrij alle apparaten, keukenvoorraden etc te gebruiken. Wasmachine en -droger graag alleen gebruiken als je thuis bent (gevaar voor kortsluiting etc). Als je een huisdier wilt meebrengen, graag even overleg vantevoren. Bel me gerust in geval van vragen!"
