"Large and sunny apartment in one of the cities loveliest streets, Great restaurants, bars and shops! 2 balconies to chill on and a huge terrace to enjoy views over the whole city.  1 min. walk to the Vondelpark and a 5 min tram to citycenter. The apartment comes with two amazing cats to keep you company.","Artist couple rents out their quiet, sunny and spacious apartment in the wonderful Old-West area, on walking distance from the center. It's on the top floor (email hidden)ly street full of nice shops, bars and restaurants, only a stones throw away from the Vondelpark, which is perfect for a stroll or a run. The tram stop is practically in front of the house and the Leidseplein in only three stops away. Our apartment has two nice balconies to relax on in the afternoon sun and a huge rooftop terrace that overlooks the entire city! We have a big flat screen TV with cable. Fast internet with WiFi. There is nice books, a piano and a few guitars (both in tune). The bedroom on the second floor boasts a huge King size bed, the couch sleeps one more and an aerobed is available upon request. Bike/scooter/car rentals around the corner.  NOTE: Due to the large amount of inquiries about our space, we can not 'hold' the apartement for you until a reservation is made.  UPDATE: Due to an unfortunately","Large and sunny apartment in one of the cities loveliest streets, Great restaurants, bars and shops! 2 balconies to chill on and a huge terrace to enjoy views over the whole city.  1 min. walk to the Vondelpark and a 5 min tram to citycenter. The apartment comes with two amazing cats to keep you company. Artist couple rents out their quiet, sunny and spacious apartment in the wonderful Old-West area, on walking distance from the center. It's on the top floor (email hidden)ly street full of nice shops, bars and restaurants, only a stones throw away from the Vondelpark, which is perfect for a stroll or a run. The tram stop is practically in front of the house and the Leidseplein in only three stops away. Our apartment has two nice balconies to relax on in the afternoon sun and a huge rooftop terrace that overlooks the entire city! We have a big flat screen TV with cable. Fast internet with WiFi. There is nice books, a piano and a few guitars (both in tune). The bedroom on the second floo","The Jan Pieter Heijestraat recently became the pearl of the Oud-West neighborhood. Every day a new coffee bar, restaurant or store opens, offering anything from second hand clothing to fancy design furniture. The park is almost nextdoor and perfect for a morning run or a afternoon stroll. The area is safe, international and getting trendier by the day.","The #1 tram stops almost in front of the apartment. #7 and #17 stop at the end of the street. The 1 will get you into the heart of Amsterdam in less then 5 minutes. Around the corner, you can rent bicycles, scooters and cars.","Please feel at home, but treat the house with the same respect as you would treat your own. We don't allow for other people then the renting guests in the house and ask you to keep the noise down after 10pm. Our neighbors are friendly, but will investigate and report excessive noise or weird behavior. Please respect the fact that this is not a party house. If you are looking for one, we kindly ask you to please continue your search elsewhere. Thank you! Update:  Unfortunately, due to a very bad experience, we have to stress this rule again. There will be no parties and no unknown guests in the house and we will - upon complaints from the neighbors - immediately take appropriate action including removal of you and your belongings from the premisses. This is not a youth hostel or party palace."
