"Beautiful bright, stylish and airy private Suite on the 2nd floor of a privately owned monumental canal house, located in the very heart of the city centre of Amsterdam, just opposite of the famous Dam Square and Royal palace. Surrounded by 6 huge windows with great city views.  Your own hide away in Amsterdam Centre. Whether business or pleasure brings you to Amsterdam, having your own place beats all other options. Feel like a local at the best location possible to discover all its treasures.","La Vie En Rose II is a bright manor Suite in the heart of the City center of Amsterdam, located on the second (European) floor of a traditional Amsterdam canal house with stunning views on the historical buildings.  When entering the accommodation you will be embraced by the warm, colourful and romantic en suite living of La Vie En Rose I with its bamboo floors and sweeping views. The Suite is self catering and has a kitchenette with all the necessary utensils as well as a small dining table.  At the other side of the ensuite living there is a half wall, dividing the living from the nice large and comfy king size box spring bed and an ensuite bath room.  The Suite comes with stunning window views through six large windows a cozy faux fireplace, a large flat screen TV and a separate room with 2 comfortable design Barcelona chairs with foot rest. Surrounded by six huge insulated windows with great city views of the famous Amsterdam houses and their gables.  In the ensuite bathroom you wi","Beautiful bright, stylish and airy private Suite on the 2nd floor of a privately owned monumental canal house, located in the very heart of the city centre of Amsterdam, just opposite of the famous Dam Square and Royal palace. Surrounded by 6 huge windows with great city views.  Your own hide away in Amsterdam Centre. Whether business or pleasure brings you to Amsterdam, having your own place beats all other options. Feel like a local at the best location possible to discover all its treasures. La Vie En Rose II is a bright manor Suite in the heart of the City center of Amsterdam, located on the second (European) floor of a traditional Amsterdam canal house with stunning views on the historical buildings.  When entering the accommodation you will be embraced by the warm, colourful and romantic en suite living of La Vie En Rose I with its bamboo floors and sweeping views. The Suite is self catering and has a kitchenette with all the necessary utensils as well as a small dining table.  A",U bevindt zich hartje Centrum midden tussen alle bezienswaardigheden en gezellige restaurantjes,public transportation is just outside your door step and central station is at a five minute walking distance. We can also arrange a taxi to the airport or from the airport to pick you up at a special rate.,To guarantee the safety and comfort of our guests and the building we have a strict no Smoking and no drugs policy in the house and building..  Only guests that booked the Suite can stay at the Suite.  This means that it is not allowed to bring any visitors to your room.  This is due to local regulations and to guarantee the safety of all occupants and the house.  Due to local bed and breakfast regulations we are not allowed to have more than two guests in each of our two Suites.  Violation of these rules can result in us having to pay a fee of 18.500 euro or losing our business!! We are very strict when it comes to policies and we expect our guests to respect these policies.  Not respecting any of the mentioned house rules will result on you having to vacate the property without refund.  Its not allowed to have visitors or parties inside the apartment.
