"Explore Amsterdam from a great location! You can walk bike or use public transport to get anywhere in notime! The best part is coming home to my welcoming, quiet and cosy appartment, with my overly friedly cat to keep you company.","The apartment is light and airy with a great vibe.  The couch (as seen in the photo's) is huge and a great place to lounge in the morning, after a night on the town or in the evening after al long day. I have a flatscreen tv and wifi which you are welcome to use during your stay. My kitchen is new, since this july and has all the equipment one might need to make any type of meal and a dishwasher, so no need to wash up. Feel free to use anything you find there. Both the bedrooms and the kitchen open onto the balcony . The balcony is sunny in the morning and is one of my favorite places to sit. You are allowed to smoke on the balcony but not in the house please. My bed is also new and sleeps great! The second bedroom is small. I have an extra matras on which third or fourth guests can sleep. It possibly fits in the second bedroom but fits better in the living room. Both the bed and the extra matras are small doubles. The sofa sleeps great as well. I fall asleep on it often.","Explore Amsterdam from a great location! You can walk bike or use public transport to get anywhere in notime! The best part is coming home to my welcoming, quiet and cosy appartment, with my overly friedly cat to keep you company. The apartment is light and airy with a great vibe.  The couch (as seen in the photo's) is huge and a great place to lounge in the morning, after a night on the town or in the evening after al long day. I have a flatscreen tv and wifi which you are welcome to use during your stay. My kitchen is new, since this july and has all the equipment one might need to make any type of meal and a dishwasher, so no need to wash up. Feel free to use anything you find there. Both the bedrooms and the kitchen open onto the balcony . The balcony is sunny in the morning and is one of my favorite places to sit. You are allowed to smoke on the balcony but not in the house please. My bed is also new and sleeps great! The second bedroom is small. I have an extra matras on which th","I am new to this neighborhood but already love it. There are many nice cafes in walking distance to go for coffee, drinks or a bite to eat (Louter, Thuis and Cook are a few I can recomend). ","From there you can hop on a tram to the city center (tram 13) or to the museums or the albert cuijp market (tram 12). Both stops are only a couple minutes walk from the house and within minutes you can reach all destinations. Of course if you really want to experience amsterdam like a local: rent a bike! It's the best way to get around and there are many rental places. Navigate the canals and stop at any shop, museum, terras or restaurant that takes your fancy.","I'd like anyone staying at my place to feel at home and treat it as you would your own. Please no smoking inside, on the balcony is ok.  Also no parties or loud music at the house."
