"Light and comfortable apartment in hip Amsterdam East. The apartment has two rooms, all private and a big balcony. Public transport, cinema and supermarkets are only a 5 minute walk away. The city centre is only a 10 minute bike ride away. It's been renovated only last year. Big windows that offer a view on the beautiful Javastraat, the coolest street in Amsterdam! Our apartment is equipped with everything you need; fast wifi and a beautiful calm balcony with hammock and grilling possibilities.","Light and comfortable apartment in hip Amsterdam East. The appartment has two rooms, all private and a big balcony. Public transport, cinema and supermarkets are only a 5 minute walk away. The city center is only a 10 minute bike ride away. It's been renovated only two years ago. Big windows that offer a view on the beautifull Javastraat, the coolest street in Amsterdam!  Our apartment is equipped with everything you need; wifi, shower and a beautiful calm balcony with hammock and grilling possibilities. Just make yourself at home.","Light and comfortable apartment in hip Amsterdam East. The apartment has two rooms, all private and a big balcony. Public transport, cinema and supermarkets are only a 5 minute walk away. The city centre is only a 10 minute bike ride away. It's been renovated only last year. Big windows that offer a view on the beautiful Javastraat, the coolest street in Amsterdam! Our apartment is equipped with everything you need; fast wifi and a beautiful calm balcony with hammock and grilling possibilities. Light and comfortable apartment in hip Amsterdam East. The appartment has two rooms, all private and a big balcony. Public transport, cinema and supermarkets are only a 5 minute walk away. The city center is only a 10 minute bike ride away. It's been renovated only two years ago. Big windows that offer a view on the beautifull Javastraat, the coolest street in Amsterdam!  Our apartment is equipped with everything you need; wifi, shower and a beautiful calm balcony with hammock and grilling possi","East Amsterdam is hip and happening. New bars open every week, cinema is around the corner. Supermarkets with flavours from all over the world are just a 1 minute walk away. And the east offers some of the finest of Amsterdam's park; good chilling in summertime! ","Five minute walk to tram and train to take you to city centre, other parts of the city or the airport. ",
