"Our apartment is located in one of Amsterdam's most trendiest neighbourhoods, in walking distance to city centre.  Over the last years Old West, Oud West as we say, has transformed to a lively place with many shops, restaurants, bars and coffee shops. At the end of our street there is a fresh daily market.  Live like a local and enjoy all the comfort you need in our bright, cozy comfortable home. We are in love with our apartment - with roof terrace - and we are sure you will love it too!","Totally renovated elegant and spacious apartment. Large living room, room en-suite, master bedroom, all new and fresh. We live in the apartment next door on the same level, these are the pictures in the advertisement. Pictures of the apartment will soon be updated. The space is absolutely fabulous, high ceilings, nicely decorated.","Our apartment is located in one of Amsterdam's most trendiest neighbourhoods, in walking distance to city centre.  Over the last years Old West, Oud West as we say, has transformed to a lively place with many shops, restaurants, bars and coffee shops. At the end of our street there is a fresh daily market.  Live like a local and enjoy all the comfort you need in our bright, cozy comfortable home. We are in love with our apartment - with roof terrace - and we are sure you will love it too! Totally renovated elegant and spacious apartment. Large living room, room en-suite, master bedroom, all new and fresh. We live in the apartment next door on the same level, these are the pictures in the advertisement. Pictures of the apartment will soon be updated. The space is absolutely fabulous, high ceilings, nicely decorated. Spacious living space, fully equipped kitchen (SMEG stove) and a balcony front and back. In the apartment is high speed WiFi. Clean sheets and towels are provided. You have ","Our neighborhood is called Amsterdam 'Oud West' (Old West). It's a friendly district with coffee shops, trendy restaurants, cosy lunchrooms and gastro cafes on every corner. We are right in the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and the Van Gogh Museum. Don't miss 'de 9 straatjes' (the nine streets), a great shopping area amidst the gorgious Amsterdam canals.  At the end of the street you'll find a daily fresh market, great bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants.","Public transport stops right in from of your doorstep, so you never have to stay in one place, we have many trams bringing you allover the city. Four tram-stops from Dam Square and two stops from Jordaan and the Westertoren.  When you arrive from Schiphol Airport it's 30 minutes by train and tram. From Amsterdam Central Station it's 15 minutes by tram. We will send you the route description as soon as you have booked. A taxi ride from Schiphol is €25 when booked with (URL HIDDEN) (lowest rate).","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment. Please be quiet on the stairs"
