,"When you enter the apartment you will be amazed by the light and space!  The apartment is 95 m2 with a 30 m2 sunny roof terrace!  On the third floor you will find a large dining room table with 6 chairs, a relax sofa, TV, toilet and access to the balcony. The apartment features a modern and complete kitchen with refrigerator, oven, dishwasher and large modern stovetop.   On the fourth floor you will find the master bedroom with walkin closet, a bathroom (shower, toilet and washing machine) and a great sunny roof terrace with lounge sofa, bbq and sun from 12.00 pm till sunset.  Location: The apartment is located in the upcoming neighborhood ""De Baarsjes"" with lots of bars, restaurants (which we can highly recommend!!!), shops, art galleries, bike rental and 2 large supermarkets very close by (one at the end of the street). *See the Petite Passport site: (3 resaurants mentioned here are in the Baarsjes!!)   (website hidden) It’s only 5 minutes by bike (10 minute walk) to the famous neigh","When you enter the apartment you will be amazed by the light and space!  The apartment is 95 m2 with a 30 m2 sunny roof terrace!  On the third floor you will find a large dining room table with 6 chairs, a relax sofa, TV, toilet and access to the balcony. The apartment features a modern and complete kitchen with refrigerator, oven, dishwasher and large modern stovetop.   On the fourth floor you will find the master bedroom with walkin closet, a bathroom (shower, toilet and washing machine) and a great sunny roof terrace with lounge sofa, bbq and sun from 12.00 pm till sunset.  Location: The apartment is located in the upcoming neighborhood ""De Baarsjes"" with lots of bars, restaurants (which we can highly recommend!!!), shops, art galleries, bike rental and 2 large supermarkets very close by (one at the end of the street). *See the Petite Passport site: (3 resaurants mentioned here are in the Baarsjes!!)   (website hidden) It’s only 5 minutes by bike (10 minute walk) to the famous neigh",,,
