,"****update: I have a cat. A wonderful and easygoing cat -2 years old, clean and friendly- that likes to play and being pet. She only needs to be fed ones a day. Catlovers wanted! If you plan on visiting Amsterdam this apartment is a great place to stay. It's light, modern & cosy.  -free Wi-Fi (fast!) -I provide clean bedsheets/ plenty fresh towels -coffee, espresso, tea included  -I gladly give you local tips and advice for your trip -bus and tram stop just 50/150mtrs away(10 minutes to downtown) -the whole place for yourself(s) This 55m2 apartment is recently restored, there is one double bed that sleeps two, and an extra mattress can be turned into a comfy bed to facilitate a third person or child in the other (small) bedroom. The bed is140x200cm + matrass 90x200cm. It’s on the third floor of a historic building (no lift!) after you climb the stairs you find a cosy & modern apartment, with lots of light.  While you're there nose around the books in the house, drink your coffee at the","****update: I have a cat. A wonderful and easygoing cat -2 years old, clean and friendly- that likes to play and being pet. She only needs to be fed ones a day. Catlovers wanted! If you plan on visiting Amsterdam this apartment is a great place to stay. It's light, modern & cosy.  -free Wi-Fi (fast!) -I provide clean bedsheets/ plenty fresh towels -coffee, espresso, tea included  -I gladly give you local tips and advice for your trip -bus and tram stop just 50/150mtrs away(10 minutes to downtown) -the whole place for yourself(s) This 55m2 apartment is recently restored, there is one double bed that sleeps two, and an extra mattress can be turned into a comfy bed to facilitate a third person or child in the other (small) bedroom. The bed is140x200cm + matrass 90x200cm. It’s on the third floor of a historic building (no lift!) after you climb the stairs you find a cosy & modern apartment, with lots of light.  While you're there nose around the books in the house, drink your coffee at the","Yes Bus & Tram are nearby: 50 mtrs & 150 mtrs, the city centre is just 10 minutes away.",,"I ask you  to keep the noise down in the after hours and not make the house a meetingpoint for friends. At the apartment I have a list of all sorts of things it ranges from which busses and tram stops nearby to where to rent bikes, a suggestion of where to eat in the neighbourhood and also a quick heads-up on how the appliances in the house work, what the code of the wifi is etc."
