,"Light, welcoming, newbuilt studio for 2 people (3 to 4 people possible) with fully equipped kitchen (including a dishwasher!) and a new, spacious bathroom (towels and laundry machine for use) - kingsize bed - if notified in advance: I can arrange for 2 extra people to sleep on an extra mattress and/or two person airbed.  - a 10 minute (7 minutes if you cycle like a Dutch)y bike ride and 15-20 min walk to Centraal Station and City Centre  - a 2-minute walk from Westerpark and the Westergasfabriek  - a 2-minute walk to Tram 10 (to Leidseplein), tram 3 (Museumplein) and bus 18, 21, 22 (Central Station) - The Netherlands' voted 'Best Shopping Street' Haarlemmerdijk and Haarlemmerstraat is around the corner. - There are two supermarkets on 200 meter distance and all other necessary shops are near by.  - The Jordaan is Amsterdam's most authentic en cosy neighborhood and only a 10 minute walk.  - Westerpark (entrance 300 meters from the front door) is a great park to hang out, picknick, go jo","Light, welcoming, newbuilt studio for 2 people (3 to 4 people possible) with fully equipped kitchen (including a dishwasher!) and a new, spacious bathroom (towels and laundry machine for use) - kingsize bed - if notified in advance: I can arrange for 2 extra people to sleep on an extra mattress and/or two person airbed.  - a 10 minute (7 minutes if you cycle like a Dutch)y bike ride and 15-20 min walk to Centraal Station and City Centre  - a 2-minute walk from Westerpark and the Westergasfabriek  - a 2-minute walk to Tram 10 (to Leidseplein), tram 3 (Museumplein) and bus 18, 21, 22 (Central Station) - The Netherlands' voted 'Best Shopping Street' Haarlemmerdijk and Haarlemmerstraat is around the corner. - There are two supermarkets on 200 meter distance and all other necessary shops are near by.  - The Jordaan is Amsterdam's most authentic en cosy neighborhood and only a 10 minute walk.  - Westerpark (entrance 300 meters from the front door) is a great park to hang out, picknick, go jo","The Jordaan, Amsterdam's most cosy part of town is just a 5 minute walk.  Great café's in the area Pacific Cafe (Friday and Saturday free dancing) Piet Gruyter (Limburg Stirumplein, named after 'A streetcar named desire and lots of locals working/sipping coffee)  Plaza cafe (next to Piet Gruyter, looks terrible, but great coffee and a grilled sandwich Pesto Parmesan)    The Movies - the most cosy and best cinema in town! I go there with friends, or alone during the day. Really a neighborhood hang (at the Haarlemmerdijk). 3 minutes cycling from my house.  I like walking the Haarlemmerdijk, but I think this might be a 'local' thing I.e.: if I look for company I just go to one of the coffee bars (Two for Joy, Coffee Company, Harlem) and I'll bump into friends.  Also on the Haarlemmerdijk: ecological an biological supermarket Marqt. I love their ready-made-meals for a quick fix. Or there fresh vegetables, juices, soups and cheese.  Next to Marqt there is Bikram yoga. I hear some people are","Tram 3, tram 10 to Leidseplein and all the way around town.  Bus 21, 22 and 18 to central station.  Central Station is a 15 minutes walk.",No smoking
