"Light and spacious apartment with two balconies in charming, friendly neighbourhood, 5-minute cycle ride from historic centre. Huge living room with sofa bed, three bedrooms upstairs. Child-friendly with cot and toddler bed available. All mod cons.  ","This is a light, spacious and charming apartment, in a quiet, friendly and safe area of Amsterdam, very close to the centre by public transport and bike. This is an up and coming area so there are plenty of places to go to for a drink or something to eat, as well as a cultural space with cinema and nightclub. There are parks nearby. The apartment is set over two-and-a-half floors with bedrooms on the second floor and a bathroom with bath. On the first floor is the open plan kitchen and living room with a sofa bed, and a toilet. We have two balconies, one at each end of the living room/open plan kitchen. In the spring/summer, we have mosquito nets on the beds. For musicians, there is a marimba phone. There is also a cheerfully decorated children's bedroom with a cot and child bed and, of course, toys. There are stairs up to the apartment and within in, so please be aware of that.","Light and spacious apartment with two balconies in charming, friendly neighbourhood, 5-minute cycle ride from historic centre. Huge living room with sofa bed, three bedrooms upstairs. Child-friendly with cot and toddler bed available. All mod cons.   This is a light, spacious and charming apartment, in a quiet, friendly and safe area of Amsterdam, very close to the centre by public transport and bike. This is an up and coming area so there are plenty of places to go to for a drink or something to eat, as well as a cultural space with cinema and nightclub. There are parks nearby. The apartment is set over two-and-a-half floors with bedrooms on the second floor and a bathroom with bath. On the first floor is the open plan kitchen and living room with a sofa bed, and a toilet. We have two balconies, one at each end of the living room/open plan kitchen. In the spring/summer, we have mosquito nets on the beds. For musicians, there is a marimba phone. There is also a cheerfully decorated chi",It's lively but calm and friendly too. Good for kids and also plenty to do in the evenings.,"Convenient public transport gets you into the centre in 10 minutes. Train station (Muiderpoort) with trains to centre, Centraal Station, farther parts of Amsterdam and other towns, two minutes from the apartment.",
