Simply happy in the Dapperstreet. It's the first line of a famous dutch poem. Well the dapperstreet is just around my corner and we can tell ya: we're superhappy in our beautiful light apartment.,"Our apartment is 60m2, but it feels much more spacious. The first thing people say when the walk in the door is: it's so light! Thee big windows offer a nice view on the calm street and when you look to the right you can see the first stands of the Dappermarket. The livingroom (with sofa and diningtable) has an open kitchen attached which gives the spacious feel. In the back of the apartment you find the bedroom with a comfy, new, large bed (picture following soon!). In the hallway you find a door to the seperate toilet and bathroom. The bedroom has doors to the balcony on the southside of the appartement, which is a lovely place for breakfast in the sun.","Simply happy in the Dapperstreet. It's the first line of a famous dutch poem. Well the dapperstreet is just around my corner and we can tell ya: we're superhappy in our beautiful light apartment. Our apartment is 60m2, but it feels much more spacious. The first thing people say when the walk in the door is: it's so light! Thee big windows offer a nice view on the calm street and when you look to the right you can see the first stands of the Dappermarket. The livingroom (with sofa and diningtable) has an open kitchen attached which gives the spacious feel. In the back of the apartment you find the bedroom with a comfy, new, large bed (picture following soon!). In the hallway you find a door to the seperate toilet and bathroom. The bedroom has doors to the balcony on the southside of the appartement, which is a lovely place for breakfast in the sun. I've been living in Amsterdam for 6 years now and love to explore the city. I'm more than happy to share my findings with my guests! My neig","My neighbourhood is lively and filled with places you should see and experiences you can't miss when visiting Amsterdam. My street is quiet and green but just around the corner is the daily market Dappermarkt. It has won a prize for best Dutch market twice. I go there every weekend for cheap groceries and just walking around there makes me happy. The salesmen goofing around and people of all nationalities strolling around to get their daily things.  This area of Amsterdam is booming and around the other corner you'll find a wide variety of great bars and restaurants. At the end of my street is a lovely big park, Oosterpark, next to the Tropenmuseum. On walking distance you'll find the famous Artis Zoo and local brewery 't IJ in it's typical windmill.","The citycentre is about a 25 min walk, but there's a lot of public transportation in this area that can take you anywhere in the city. A bike rental shop is also around the corner and to get the real Amsterdam-feel this is the best transportation in the city.","Please be considerate of the neighbors, the hallway is very noisy and they have little kids. Inside the apartment it's mostly quiet, but loud music won't make the neighbors happy."
