,"Welcome to my light and spacious modern apartment located in “Slotervaart” an upcoming trendy suburb just outside the center of Amsterdam and close to the beautiful Rembrandtpark. Public transport (subway, bus, tram and train) will easily take you to the city centre within 20 minutes 24/7. Other places of interest such as sandy beaches, the Keukenhof Gardens or the cities of Utrecht and Den Haag are all within a 45 minute journey. Situated on the fourth flour of a brand new complex, the apartment has a fully equipped kitchen , a designer bathroom including bathtub and shower. A double bedroom and a spacious  living area including a flatscreen television. The wonderfully decorated  southfacing balcony complete with custom made furniture provides a peaceful relaxing spot, perfect for an al fresco breakfast or simply enjoying a book in the sun. This fully furnished apartment with tasteful decoration throughout provides the perfect place to explore all that Amsterdam has to offer whether i","Welcome to my light and spacious modern apartment located in “Slotervaart” an upcoming trendy suburb just outside the center of Amsterdam and close to the beautiful Rembrandtpark. Public transport (subway, bus, tram and train) will easily take you to the city centre within 20 minutes 24/7. Other places of interest such as sandy beaches, the Keukenhof Gardens or the cities of Utrecht and Den Haag are all within a 45 minute journey. Situated on the fourth flour of a brand new complex, the apartment has a fully equipped kitchen , a designer bathroom including bathtub and shower. A double bedroom and a spacious  living area including a flatscreen television. The wonderfully decorated  southfacing balcony complete with custom made furniture provides a peaceful relaxing spot, perfect for an al fresco breakfast or simply enjoying a book in the sun. This fully furnished apartment with tasteful decoration throughout provides the perfect place to explore all that Amsterdam has to offer whether i",,,
