"My small (54 m2) apartment is situated in the lively eastern part of Amsterdam, close to the zoo and near public transport to the centre of the centre of town (10-15 minutes away). Also possible to rent a bike just around the corner.","My small (54 m2) apartment is situated in the eastern part of Amsterdam, close to the zoo and near public transport to the epicentre of the centre of town (15 minutes away). Also possible to rent a bike just around the corner. My place is cozy, although I say so myself. Access to everything. It's a private apartment. My cellphone is always working, so you can always reach me. The neighborhood is a very friendly area with a lovely mix of young and old people and a lot of nationalities. There are a few very nice places in the neighborhood.  -Studio/K, which is a bar/restaurant/club/(movie)theatre -ComfortCaffe, a very good Italian place  -Drovers Dog, a small cafe with Australian kitchen and the best cake in town -Badhuis, a nice coffee place  -Wilde Zwijnen, a very nice restaurant with local products -About ten minutes by bike (twenty minutes walking/5 minutes taxi) there is the Wibautstraat with big nightclubs, such as ClubTrouw and DoKa. -The Artis Zoo is nearby. -Close to architectua","My small (54 m2) apartment is situated in the lively eastern part of Amsterdam, close to the zoo and near public transport to the centre of the centre of town (10-15 minutes away). Also possible to rent a bike just around the corner. My small (54 m2) apartment is situated in the eastern part of Amsterdam, close to the zoo and near public transport to the epicentre of the centre of town (15 minutes away). Also possible to rent a bike just around the corner. My place is cozy, although I say so myself. Access to everything. It's a private apartment. My cellphone is always working, so you can always reach me. The neighborhood is a very friendly area with a lovely mix of young and old people and a lot of nationalities. There are a few very nice places in the neighborhood.  -Studio/K, which is a bar/restaurant/club/(movie)theatre -ComfortCaffe, a very good Italian place  -Drovers Dog, a small cafe with Australian kitchen and the best cake in town -Badhuis, a nice coffee place  -Wilde Zwijnen","The neighborhood is a very friendly area with a lovely mix of young and old people and a lot of nationalities. There are a few very nice places in the neighborhood.  -The Javastraat, the main street in my neighborhood, with groceryshops, cafe's, restaurants etc.  -Studio/K, which is a bar/restaurant/club/(movie)theatre, just around the corner. -Brouwerij het Ij, a local beer brewery with some really good beers. Next to the only windmill left in Amsterdam. -Drovers Dog, a small cafe with Australian kitchen and the best cake in town -Badhuis, a nice coffee place  -Wilde Zwijnen, a very nice restaurant with local products -The Artis Zoo is nearby","There is public transport at every corner. By foot 3 minutes away is Tram 14, which goes to Rembrandtsquare (Centre)(about 15 minutes). 6  minutes away is Tram 9, which goes to Leidsesquare (Centre)(about15 minutes). Tram 9 also passes the Museumsquare. Also 6 minutes away is Muiderpoort Trainstation with direct connection to Amsterdam Central Station. Near my place you can rent bikes. Bikes are easy to get around town.",No rules
