"This light apartment on the second floor is looking to the canals of Amsterdam just on the border of the city center. On the back side, there is a balcony where you have sun all day and where you can relax and look over a quiet garden.","This modern, comfortable, clean and light apartment for two persons is on the second floor. There is a very coisy living room with lots of light and a very convenient chaise longue / couch and a new flatscreen TV.  You have a wonderful view of the canal from the living room.  There is also a great table with comfortable design chairs.  There is a luxury/ design bathroom, with an incredible rain shower.  The bedroom has a large white bed and closet, with a door to the balcony. It's very quiet on the balcony, where you have sun almost all day. There are two extra (2 persons) tables, one in the kitchen and the other on the balcony where you can have your breakfast.  The entire apartment is at your disposal. Everything is there, the kitchen is fully furnished and there's internet/TV and a private balcony.  I will do my best to greet you myself. If I can't , a close friend of mine will take care of everything (check-in/check-out and any other issue you might have). Apt. is located near Wees","This light apartment on the second floor is looking to the canals of Amsterdam just on the border of the city center. On the back side, there is a balcony where you have sun all day and where you can relax and look over a quiet garden. This modern, comfortable, clean and light apartment for two persons is on the second floor. There is a very coisy living room with lots of light and a very convenient chaise longue / couch and a new flatscreen TV.  You have a wonderful view of the canal from the living room.  There is also a great table with comfortable design chairs.  There is a luxury/ design bathroom, with an incredible rain shower.  The bedroom has a large white bed and closet, with a door to the balcony. It's very quiet on the balcony, where you have sun almost all day. There are two extra (2 persons) tables, one in the kitchen and the other on the balcony where you can have your breakfast.  The entire apartment is at your disposal. Everything is there, the kitchen is fully furnishe","Apt. is located near Weesperplein which is close to popular cafes and restaurants like Bar Lempicka, Amstelhaven and Ijsbreeker. Walking distance to Metro line Weesperplein is 6-7 minutes, and from here to Centraal Station is 5 minutes.  Tram stop for line 7&10 to leidseplein is 3 min walking. Famous Rembrantplein, Utrechtsestraat and Albert Cuyp Markt are walking distance (17-20 min) or 1 metro stop.  Only 15 minutes away from the historic city centre with its renowned museums, fashionable shops, Nieuwmarkt, Leidseplein and Rembrandplein nightlife. Both metro and tram stops are at easy walking distance.",,"HOUSE RULES 1- Please do not disturb the neighbour families, paying extra attention to keep quiet also once going up/downstairs in the common hallway. 2-Please take off your shoes as you enter the apartment. 3-Please refrain from smoking inside the apartment. The balcony is a perfect spot to smoke outside, you are protected against rain and wind. 4-Please leave the apartment as you found it."
