"It is a beautifully styled apartment. It is spacious. Shower, toilet, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine and milk frother are present. Internet is available. As well as a gorgeous big bed. The apartment is located in Bos en Lom","It is a beautifully styled apartment. It is spacious. Shower, toilet, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine and milk frother are present. Internet is available. As well as a gorgeous big bed. The apartment is located in Bos en Lommer. This is about 2/3 kilometers from the center. You can use my bike. If you take the tram, it wil take 14 minutes to the dam (heart of the centre). Bos en Lommer is an emerging district. I live there with pleasure. The street where it is located in a dead end and therefore quiet. It is located next to the park. Breakfast is available at a few hunderd meters.  If you come in summer, then there is the stunning roof terrace for a delightful breakfast or watch the sun go down. You can see many parts of Amsterdam. It's an apartment, so you get the keys and from then you are private. ","It is a beautifully styled apartment. It is spacious. Shower, toilet, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine and milk frother are present. Internet is available. As well as a gorgeous big bed. The apartment is located in Bos en Lom It is a beautifully styled apartment. It is spacious. Shower, toilet, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine and milk frother are present. Internet is available. As well as a gorgeous big bed. The apartment is located in Bos en Lommer. This is about 2/3 kilometers from the center. You can use my bike. If you take the tram, it wil take 14 minutes to the dam (heart of the centre). Bos en Lommer is an emerging district. I live there with pleasure. The street where it is located in a dead end and therefore quiet. It is located next to the park. Breakfast is available at a few hunderd meters.  If you come in summer, then there is the stunning roof terrace for a delightful breakfast or watch the sun go down. You can see many par",The park is beautifull. ,You get by bus and tram to the centre. it takes 10 to 15 minutes. Met de fiets is het 15 minuten,"Direct  booking is possible.  If you book more then 3 days,  contact  before booking is needed.  No smoking inside the house No party inside the house Maximum allowed people is 2"
