"My apartment will be available for nice an relaxed people. My house is bright and peaceful and I live in the middle of the Jordaan. A picturesque neighborhood with cafes, shops, galleries and secret gardens.","first floor apartment, recently redecorated, 1 big living room including open kitchen, 1 open sleeping room.  The apartment features: -open kitchen with all appliances -oven -dishwasher -washing machine","My apartment will be available for nice an relaxed people. My house is bright and peaceful and I live in the middle of the Jordaan. A picturesque neighborhood with cafes, shops, galleries and secret gardens. first floor apartment, recently redecorated, 1 big living room including open kitchen, 1 open sleeping room.  The apartment features: -open kitchen with all appliances -oven -dishwasher -washing machine With its narrow, winding streets and hidden garden courtyards, the Jordaan area is a very charming neighbourhood. Located just off the canal district, the Jordaan is within walking distance of Central Station, Dam Square, Leidseplein and many more. While bustling with markets, shops and outdoor cafés during the day, it’s a quiet area at night with plenty of historic charm. Organic and vintage markets on Saturday/Monday. Easily accessible by public transport, both the tram and the bus station are within walking distance .","With its narrow, winding streets and hidden garden courtyards, the Jordaan area is a very charming neighbourhood. Located just off the canal district, the Jordaan is within walking distance of Central Station, Dam Square, Leidseplein and many more. While bustling with markets, shops and outdoor cafés during the day, it’s a quiet area at night with plenty of historic charm. Organic and vintage markets on Saturday/Monday.","Easily accessible by public transport, both the tram and the bus station are within walking distance .","I actually live in this house and would love to share it with nice people. Please respect all things and people no unruly or illegal behavior on entire property whatsoever. I do not smoke in the house and smoking is not allowed . Unfortunately it is not possible to smoke on the balcony. It is very noisy on the balcony, so please keep account of the neighbors after 10pm."
