"Our guests love the place because: * direct, hassle free connection Airport Schiphol  * 100% central historic Amsterdam  * all high lights within walking distance  * 9 streets, restaurants, shops, supermarke (Website hidden by Airbnb) around the corner ","A very quiet, light and pleasant place in the heart of historic Amsterdam. In the heart? Yes, the Anne Frank House is less than 100 yards away.  Quiet? Yes, because of the inner gardens of the canal-houses. You are also next to all the museums, the 9 Straatjes (shopping boutiques: clothing, antiques, shoes, food, watches, art ... And cheese of course. The best you can find in Amsterdam.) Great restaurants are around the corner. This location gives you the opportunity to savour Amsterdam in a very special and intimate way.  master bedroom - 1 double bed (for 2 persons) bedroom - 1 single bed (for 1 person) middle room - 1 extra bed (for 1 person), real mattress The house offers; = cable television = wireless internet = washer The house has a well equipped kitchen and has one bathroom. There is a living room, a huge, comfy terrace (non windy!) and the bathroom has a tub as well as a shower.","Our guests love the place because: * direct, hassle free connection Airport Schiphol  * 100% central historic Amsterdam  * all high lights within walking distance  * 9 streets, restaurants, shops, supermarke (Website hidden by Airbnb) around the corner A very quiet, light and pleasant place in the heart of historic Amsterdam. In the heart? Yes, the Anne Frank House is less than 100 yards away.  Quiet? Yes, because of the inner gardens of the canal-houses. You are also next to all the museums, the 9 Straatjes (shopping boutiques: clothing, antiques, shoes, food, watches, art ... And cheese of course. The best you can find in Amsterdam.) Great restaurants are around the corner. This location gives you the opportunity to savour Amsterdam in a very special and intimate way.  master bedroom - 1 double bed (for 2 persons) bedroom - 1 single bed (for 1 person) middle room - 1 extra bed (for 1 person), real mattress The house offers; = cable television = wireless internet = washer The house ha","You live in the heart of historic Amsterdam. Next to ***** Pulitzer hotel. All museums, shops, Nine Streets, Dam Square are in walking distance. That's why we and our guests like the place so much.",Tramway and bus stop around the corner. In the historic heart of Amsterdam everything is in walking distance.,"No cats, no dogs, no smoking no partying. And no more people than we agreed on. If you are new to Airbnb please be informed that the concept is based on the principle 'sharing is caring'. Therefore you are supposed to clean our place  before you leave. Airbnb is entitled to debit your deposit if not respected. (We take care of the laundry of course.)"
