We liggen op het water in de Schinkel om ons heen veel groen maar toch ook dicht bij de stad!,"The apartment is a part of our houseboat, that is moored near the Olympic Stadium at the through-going waterway near the Nieuwe Meer locks. A (small) boat can moor at our home. Our houseboat is direct accessible  from the street between ship and street is a comfortable big terrace situated, including furniture.  The apartment is separated from our living-part. It has his own front door on the terrace. Two beds are available and a sleeping couch  each for one person, a dining place and a kitchen unit with microwave oven. There are also a bathroom with toilet and shower.  Maps and documentation about the town of Amsterdam are present. Town, waterways and park are nearby. At the square Stadionplein is the Olympic Stadium (from the games of 1928) located. It offers a the Olympic museum, fitness facilities and a restaurant) and at the square are many bars and restaurants. The park ""het Amsterdamse Bos"" offers a lot of recreation facilities just as info-center, rent a bike and the Fun Forest","The apartment is a part of our houseboat, that is moored near the Olympic Stadium at the through-going waterway near the Nieuwe Meer locks. A (small) boat can moor at our home. Our houseboat is direct accessible  from the street between ship and street is a comfortable big terrace situated, including furniture.  The apartment is separated from our living-part. It has his own front door on the terrace. Two beds are available and a sleeping couch  each for one person, a dining place and a kitchen unit with microwave oven. There are also a bathroom with toilet and shower.  Maps and documentation about the town of Amsterdam are present. Town, waterways and park are nearby. At the square Stadionplein is the Olympic Stadium (from the games of 1928) located. It offers a the Olympic museum, fitness facilities and a restaurant) and at the square are many bars and restaurants. The park ""het Amsterdamse Bos"" offers a lot of recreation facilities just as info-center, rent a bike and the Fun Forest",,Het openbaar vervoer is op loopafstand aan het einde van de straat. Directe busverbinding met Schiphol!,-Inside no smoking -Do not feed animals on the water -after 11.00 pm please reduce your noise production
