Feel at home in our own canalhouse apartment in Amsterdam. We are glad to be able to rent it out when we don't have to use it ourselves.. ,"The apartment is 50 m2 (538 square feet).  •A living room with view on one of the oldest canals in Amsterdam;  •a kitchen, fully equipped; (like dishwasher, microwave/oven etc.)  •a separate toilet;  •a bathroom;  •a bedroom (2 persons)  •a balcony with outside seating (accessible both from the kitchen as from the bedroom). •unlimited high speed internet (120 MB downloadspeed) and a HD television with about 100 channels  The apartment is located on the first floor of a canalhouse. It is spacious and has just been renovated.Just look out of the window and  you will see the world pass by. See boats floating through the canal from your own quiet apartment. Just walk out the door and you will be in the midst of Old Amsterdam. Nearby you will find The Bulldog and various cafés with outside seatings. Walk through the safe narrow streets and you see the ladies earnig their money with the oldest profession in the world. •Minimum stay is three nights; however a 2 night stay is sometimes possibl","Feel at home in our own canalhouse apartment in Amsterdam. We are glad to be able to rent it out when we don't have to use it ourselves.. The apartment is 50 m2 (538 square feet).  •A living room with view on one of the oldest canals in Amsterdam;  •a kitchen, fully equipped; (like dishwasher, microwave/oven etc.)  •a separate toilet;  •a bathroom;  •a bedroom (2 persons)  •a balcony with outside seating (accessible both from the kitchen as from the bedroom). •unlimited high speed internet (120 MB downloadspeed) and a HD television with about 100 channels  The apartment is located on the first floor of a canalhouse. It is spacious and has just been renovated.Just look out of the window and  you will see the world pass by. See boats floating through the canal from your own quiet apartment. Just walk out the door and you will be in the midst of Old Amsterdam. Nearby you will find The Bulldog and various cafés with outside seatings. Walk through the safe narrow streets and you see the lad",The apartment is situated in the heart of the red-light-and-gay-district in Amsterdam.,"It is only  a 7 minutes walk from Central (train)Station (direct connection to the international airport Schiphol), 1 minute walk to the Dam with the royal palace,","Since it is our own house, we expect people to treat is as such.  Check in time is 15.00, check out time is 11.00, because we need to have time to clean the house. But there is a possibility to leave your luggage and sometimes a late/early check in/out is possibel."
