,"Nice spacious downfloor appartment of 110 square meters to rent in period from March 8th until March 22nd. The appartment is especially suited for a (young) couple with a baby or a small child. Two kids also possible. Of course, couples (or singles) without a baby/child can rent the place too. We have two cats, called Ukke and Lola and we look for tenants who love cats and like to take care of them while staying in our place. Ukke is a male cat and loves and seeks attention all the time. Lola the female cat is the oppossite, she is shy and quickly scared and usually runs away from people. The location of the appartment is in Amsterdam-West, in an area called Bos en Lommer. This area is multicultural. We have public transport (metro, tram, bus) next to our house and you are in the city centre within 15 minutes. The metro and nearby train station bring you to the airport in 15 minutes too.  Nearby you find shops and supermarkets for your groceries. The appartment is split-level and loft ","Nice spacious downfloor appartment of 110 square meters to rent in period from March 8th until March 22nd. The appartment is especially suited for a (young) couple with a baby or a small child. Two kids also possible. Of course, couples (or singles) without a baby/child can rent the place too. We have two cats, called Ukke and Lola and we look for tenants who love cats and like to take care of them while staying in our place. Ukke is a male cat and loves and seeks attention all the time. Lola the female cat is the oppossite, she is shy and quickly scared and usually runs away from people. The location of the appartment is in Amsterdam-West, in an area called Bos en Lommer. This area is multicultural. We have public transport (metro, tram, bus) next to our house and you are in the city centre within 15 minutes. The metro and nearby train station bring you to the airport in 15 minutes too.  Nearby you find shops and supermarkets for your groceries. The appartment is split-level and loft ",,,We expect our guests to be neat/clean and respectful towards our belongings!
