,"You will not expect this! In the popular area Old-West, parallel to the shoppingstreet de Kinkerstraat and close to the Vondelpark and the entertaining Leidse Square, you can find my appartment of approximately 66m2, with a good balcony towards the south, on the second floor.  I bought this apartment and decided to completely rebuild it. I had a couple of specific wishes, like a brick texture wall, a kitchen made of concrete and the extremely heavy metal bathroom door. It took some effort but every piece of furniture has a special story. I transformed a simple apartment into a  New York style loft. The urban, metrostyle combined with old family treasures and secondhand furniture found in thriftstores and on the Internet, makes it a special and intimate home. For your use there is wifi, cable tv and of course central heating.  Parking is possible in the street, but local parking prices are due. I am clean and take good care of my beloved home. Though, also for you if you would rent my h","You will not expect this! In the popular area Old-West, parallel to the shoppingstreet de Kinkerstraat and close to the Vondelpark and the entertaining Leidse Square, you can find my appartment of approximately 66m2, with a good balcony towards the south, on the second floor.  I bought this apartment and decided to completely rebuild it. I had a couple of specific wishes, like a brick texture wall, a kitchen made of concrete and the extremely heavy metal bathroom door. It took some effort but every piece of furniture has a special story. I transformed a simple apartment into a  New York style loft. The urban, metrostyle combined with old family treasures and secondhand furniture found in thriftstores and on the Internet, makes it a special and intimate home. For your use there is wifi, cable tv and of course central heating.  Parking is possible in the street, but local parking prices are due. I am clean and take good care of my beloved home. Though, also for you if you would rent my h",,,No smoking inside
