An extraordinary space right in the city centre. Around the corner of the Heineken brewery. ,"This is your chance to enjoy the centre of Amsterdam from a unique location.  As part of a former catholic school building, built in 1907, our apartment – located in the former gymnasium – has a modern interior style. Next to its immense living with an entresol, the (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) completely furnished property has 4 bedrooms and features: Open kitchen  6 pits stove with double oven  Microwave  Refrigerator / freezer Dishwasher Espresso machine  Broadband Internet 110 cm flatscreen DTV, VD and VCR Piano Wooden floor 4 bedrooms, one kingsize, one French, one queensize, one bunk bed  2 Bathrooms with shower, one with bathtub 2 separate toilettes Storage room with washing machine / dryer  Garden Minimum rental period is a week!","An extraordinary space right in the city centre. Around the corner of the Heineken brewery.  This is your chance to enjoy the centre of Amsterdam from a unique location.  As part of a former catholic school building, built in 1907, our apartment – located in the former gymnasium – has a modern interior style. Next to its immense living with an entresol, the (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) completely furnished property has 4 bedrooms and features: Open kitchen  6 pits stove with double oven  Microwave  Refrigerator / freezer Dishwasher Espresso machine  Broadband Internet 110 cm flatscreen DTV, VD and VCR Piano Wooden floor 4 bedrooms, one kingsize, one French, one queensize, one bunk bed  2 Bathrooms with shower, one with bathtub 2 separate toilettes Storage room with washing machine / dryer  Garden Minimum rental period is a week! You will have access to the whole apartment and the garden. There is one lovely cat in the house, we kindly ask you to care for. For any question you can co","This property is located in the city centre of Amsterdam, close to the Heineken Brewery. The historical center is one the most desired areas of Amsterdam. It is the vibrant heart of the city with a vast choice of restaurants, cafés, and clubs. Specialty shops are abundant in the many narrow streets and the city's famous architecture can best be viewed by a stroll along the canals or a boat tour. Parking garages can be found close by.",,"Basically the house is yours for the agreed period and we trust you treat our home with care. Feel free to use whatever the house and the kitchen provide. We appreciate refilling our stocks before leaving. Also we kindly ask you to consider our neighbours when sitting in the garden. Please lower the volume of the music and you voice when sitting outside aft (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) pm. We do some effort to be green, and put off equipment and light when not in use. Also we separate glass and plastics to put them in dedicated containers (close to most supermarkets in the neighbourhood). If you are a smoker, please do that outside. We appreciate not leaving stubs in the garden. Please make sure you close and lock all doors. There might always be people trying to enter and take what is not theirs’."
