"Old gin distillery converted to family apartment loft (185 sq meters) in center of Amsterdam's Jordaan area with 1 bedroom for 2 adults and two smaller child bedrooms both with twin pull-out beds.  Bathroom with separate bathtub and shower, gourmet kitchen & roof terrace of 50 sq meters.","The house is an old gin distillery from early 18th century which has been converted to a loft with open kitchen and cozy living room. Modern kitchen is fully equipped with everything to make a foodie happy including indoor bbq, dishwasher, large oven, gas stove, juicer, fondue set and Nespresso coffee machine. Living area has digital t.v., piano, blueray dvd player, B&O stereo for cds and a HarmonKardon airplay/bluetooth stereo. Outside you can walk out to the fenced in (safe for children) roof terrace garden (50 sq meters) to enjoy the afternoon sun. We also have a trampoline for the kids. Main bedroom has a two person Hastens bed with down comforter and the children's rooms have single beds with pull-out mattresses to accommodate two additional guests. Separate laundry room with washer and iron. Wireless access is available. We also have a Wii and PlayStation with games.   DVDs are available in the bookshelf.   The neighborhood is very safe and child friendly-there are many quiet str","Old gin distillery converted to family apartment loft (185 sq meters) in center of Amsterdam's Jordaan area with 1 bedroom for 2 adults and two smaller child bedrooms both with twin pull-out beds.  Bathroom with separate bathtub and shower, gourmet kitchen & roof terrace of 50 sq meters. The house is an old gin distillery from early 18th century which has been converted to a loft with open kitchen and cozy living room. Modern kitchen is fully equipped with everything to make a foodie happy including indoor bbq, dishwasher, large oven, gas stove, juicer, fondue set and Nespresso coffee machine. Living area has digital t.v., piano, blueray dvd player, B&O stereo for cds and a HarmonKardon airplay/bluetooth stereo. Outside you can walk out to the fenced in (safe for children) roof terrace garden (50 sq meters) to enjoy the afternoon sun. We also have a trampoline for the kids. Main bedroom has a two person Hastens bed with down comforter and the children's rooms have single beds with pull","The museum district, like most of the attractions in Amsterdam are mostly within walking distance- Rijks, Stedelijks & Van Gogh museums are only a 10 minute tram ride or 15 minute bike ride.   Anne Franke house is just a 5 minute walk away.  The train station is a 15 minute walk or 5 minutes from the tram.  Canals are all around the Jordaan, so rent a boat and enjoy Amsterdam from a locals point of view. The Jordaan is the area at the west side of the 'grachtengordel' (main canals). The district's borders are formed by the Lijnbaansgracht, Brouwersgracht, Prinsengracht and the Passeerdersgracht. It is located within walking distance of the Central Station, the Dam, the 9 streets boutique shopping area or the Leidseplein. It is also easy to reach with public transport (trams). Renting bikes or taking the trams are the best option for most visitors. In the Jordaan, you will find all the shops, bars, restaurants, hairdressers, galleries, cafes all located within a few minutes of our home ",Public trams are readily available in the area.  Bicycles are the preferred choice of transport. Look at our online guidebook for local bicycle rentals. (website hidden),"We have two sets of neighbours upstairs and they appreciate keeping it pretty quiet in the evenings after 10 pm.   Make sure that you keep the hall passage clear.   Also ensure that the front door to the hall is closed behind you and triple lock our front door, close all windows when you leave and lock the door to the roof terrace.  Also, please do not open the front windows to the street (they date from the 1700s).   We do not allow other pets-fortunately we only have 2 goldfish.  You can smoke on the roof terrace, please try not to smoke below the neighbour's windows."
