"Our light and spacious apartment is situated in a quiet street, only 5 minutes by foot from the Vondelpark and 10 minutes by bike from the city center. It offers enough space for four people, has an open kitchen and a unique relaxing net.","Large living room with an open kitchen and a bar. The kitchen is equipped with all necessities such as a dishwasher, oven, microwave, stove, coffee machine with fresh coffee beans and cooking utensils. The living room has a lovely big comfy sofa and above the living room we've created a unique relaxing net where you can just chill, read a book or listen to music. The balcony is located towards the south where you have sun throughout the day. Bedroom 1: The master bedroom with a lovely kingsize bed (160x200cm).  Bedroom 2: Extra bedroom with a double aerobed.  Bedroom 3: This room has glass walls around and via this room you have access to the relaxing net.   The bathroom is renovated in February 2016, and has a bathtub, rain shower and double sink.  There is a separate toilet located near the front door. And the front door is located on the third floor.","Our light and spacious apartment is situated in a quiet street, only 5 minutes by foot from the Vondelpark and 10 minutes by bike from the city center. It offers enough space for four people, has an open kitchen and a unique relaxing net. Large living room with an open kitchen and a bar. The kitchen is equipped with all necessities such as a dishwasher, oven, microwave, stove, coffee machine with fresh coffee beans and cooking utensils. The living room has a lovely big comfy sofa and above the living room we've created a unique relaxing net where you can just chill, read a book or listen to music. The balcony is located towards the south where you have sun throughout the day. Bedroom 1: The master bedroom with a lovely kingsize bed (160x200cm).  Bedroom 2: Extra bedroom with a double aerobed.  Bedroom 3: This room has glass walls around and via this room you have access to the relaxing net.   The bathroom is renovated in February 2016, and has a bathtub, rain shower and double sink.  T","It's a quiet street, but within five minutes you'll walk into the Vondelpark and there are all kinds of restaurants, terraces and shops nearby. On the bike you'll ride through the Vondelpark in 10 minutes to the Leidseplein and the city centre. There is a bus stop a minute away by foot and several trams stops 5 minutes away by foot.","The easiest way to get to the apartment is by taxi and will cost about €35,- from Schiphol or €20,- from the train station.  But it is also possible to go from the trainstation by tram or bus to the apartment.  Parking near the apartment is possible but will cost you €19,- a day except on Sunday, then it's free parking.",No smoking. Please have respect for the neighbors.  No pets allowed.  No extra persons than booked for.
