"Complete 1,5 room condominium/Ground fl./33m2/Centrally located in quiet communal courtyard/Cosy&simple/17th C. elements/Bed= 190x180cm/Espressomach./Dishwasher/TV/Quiet house with neighbors/NO parties or drugs/ Central Station&Metro 10&5 min walk","With it's 33m2 size, this studio has everything a person needs and expects from a private house. I feel that it is equally well suited to the business traveller or the expat who wants something different from the hotels or ready made B&B's. This house is available for a minimum of 2 months and a maximum of 2 years. (Detailed contract and cancellation policy upon request.) It provides you the comfort and feel of a private home in one the best locations of the city. You can experience Amsterdam like a local while still having all the major tourist attractions within walking distance. Please note: the bed is 1.60m wide and 1.90m long. When I first entered this studio with my real estate agent, looking for a house in the centre of town, I was immediately taken by it's natural charm, warmth and character. Coupled to it's extremely central location in certainly the nicest neighborhood of town, it was ideal for me to live in. I bought it with little further ado and have lived here with great ","Complete 1,5 room condominium/Ground fl./33m2/Centrally located in quiet communal courtyard/Cosy&simple/17th C. elements/Bed= 190x180cm/Espressomach./Dishwasher/TV/Quiet house with neighbors/NO parties or drugs/ Central Station&Metro 10&5 min walk With it's 33m2 size, this studio has everything a person needs and expects from a private house. I feel that it is equally well suited to the business traveller or the expat who wants something different from the hotels or ready made B&B's. This house is available for a minimum of 2 months and a maximum of 2 years. (Detailed contract and cancellation policy upon request.) It provides you the comfort and feel of a private home in one the best locations of the city. You can experience Amsterdam like a local while still having all the major tourist attractions within walking distance. Please note: the bed is 1.60m wide and 1.90m long. When I first entered this studio with my real estate agent, looking for a house in the centre of town, I was imm","Nieuwmarktbuurt & Lastage ('buurt' means neighborhood) is one of the oldest parts of the city. There are still many residents here from all walks of live, much local life going on, local shops, restaurants and bars, the Saturday Biological food market on the Nieuwmarkt square (which actually means New Market) but also Rembrandthouse museum, the new Hermitage on the Amstel, the Architecture Institute ARCAM, Film and Art Academy and Operahouse/City Hall are around the corner. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum are a ten minutes cycle away, which will take you right through the heart of Amsterdam and along it's World Heritage Canals (Herengracht, Keizersgracht and Prinsengracht). Dam Square and the Royal Palace are a 15 minutes walk through the oldest part of town, with the Old Church and Wallen district on the way. The Wallen do not only house the red light area, but also many fine and very old buildings along picturesque canals (whether the red lights contribute to the pi","Central Station for all trains and busses 10 to 15 minutes walk away. Metro (Waterlooplein or Nieuwmarkt stations) 5 minutes walk. A few trams on Waterlooplein and more on Rembrandtplein 5 and 8 minutes away on foot. Airport 30 minutes door-to-door by train from Central Station. Amstel station (for trains to Utrecht and beyond, except ICE) 15 minutes by metro from Waterlooplein.","NO DRUGS, NO smoking. I have nothing against people using soft drugs, but do not want it used in my house or smoked in the complex by my guests (many residents here are no big fan of it). As this house is my private place, I prefer guests who do not come to Amsterdam do drugs. I do not want the risks in my house involved with people who do not know  what they are doing when under the influence of drugs. Please respect that. That is also a reason why I always want to get to know a guest via mail and chat and/or (website hidden) before I decide to rent it out to him or her. As this is a private appartement complex, respecting the neighbors and their privacy, both in your conduct and the amount of sound you produce, are very important. They will do the same for you. Basically the same rule aplies here as would in your own home: don't do anything you wouldn't want to be done to you. Last but not least...Pets are not allowed either. Sorry...."
