"'LORE'S PLACE' A lovely, open writers home in the fun 'Indische Buurt' in Amsterdam! We are offering a open plan apartment in the east of Amsterdam, with two bedrooms, a light living room with open plan kitchen and two balcony's of which one large and sunny all afternoon and evening. Its suitable for two adults and two children or three adults.","It is a spacious apartment with a tv corner and a big dining room table with place for six. We have worn wooden floors throughout the apartment. There's a master bedroom with a new electronic bed with luxury mattresses for a good nights rest. It is separated from the living room with two grand sliding doors (the bathroom as well) so we think the apt is best suited for a couple with or without children. The second kidsbedroom is small but cosy and very quiet. It's suited with a children's bed. We have a big airbed with electric pump available if more than two persons would like to stay. It goes well in the second bedroom.  The bathroom is recently renovated and has a bath with shower, washing table and toilet. There is a step up to the shower/bath.  The kitchen is in good shape, equipped with all the usual appliances including a dishwasher and Nespresso machine.  The apartment is comfortably decorated to feel homely and well lit. It is our home, not a holiday let, so our things will be ","'LORE'S PLACE' A lovely, open writers home in the fun 'Indische Buurt' in Amsterdam! We are offering a open plan apartment in the east of Amsterdam, with two bedrooms, a light living room with open plan kitchen and two balcony's of which one large and sunny all afternoon and evening. Its suitable for two adults and two children or three adults. It is a spacious apartment with a tv corner and a big dining room table with place for six. We have worn wooden floors throughout the apartment. There's a master bedroom with a new electronic bed with luxury mattresses for a good nights rest. It is separated from the living room with two grand sliding doors (the bathroom as well) so we think the apt is best suited for a couple with or without children. The second kidsbedroom is small but cosy and very quiet. It's suited with a children's bed. We have a big airbed with electric pump available if more than two persons would like to stay. It goes well in the second bedroom.  The bathroom is recentl","We live in the quiet part of the Indische buurt so you'll sleep wel, but are very close to the lively Javastraat. The Java square, Dappermarket, the wonderful Flevopark and the easy Watergraafsmeer are all within a ten minute walk from here. The IJ-brewery is not far by foot and there are numerous good restaurants in the neighborhood, also a lot of excellent budget options. A bunch of nice cafes and coffee places are around the corner. All kinds of ethnicities are represented in this neighborhood and that reflects on the shopping possibilities. Apart from the regular supermarkets we have great Turkish, Moroccan, Indian and Surinam shops with great value for your money and nice variety to the surroundings.","The apartment is a stones throw away from the Muiderpoort train station from where you'll be at Amsterdam Central in no less than 7 minutes. Tramlines 3, 7 and 14 stop 2 minutes away and take you right to the center along with bus nr 22, 37, 40 and 65.  Parking is never a problem, however, it's not free. There is a meter. There is a Park & Ride a short bus ride away where you can park for 8 euro's incl. public transport tickets for up to five people.  Bike rentals ( the regular way of traveling in Amsterdam) are just around the corner.","We live here with pleasure and have good relations with our neighbors, so be kind with music late at night. We have good outside space so please smoke on the balcony's."
