"Staying on our sailing ship is a truly unique experience, not only is it comfortable and one of the cheapest and nicest spots to stay with a larger group, it has everything you need while being away from home. It's located in  Amsterdams 'up & coming'  NDSMdistrict, that's packed with old warehouses, graffiti arts and plenty of cultural cafes and restaurants, within walking distance. The free ferry will get you from the ship to central station and thus downtown within 10 minutes.","Experience the life on the water in the centre of Amsterdam on board of sailing ship the LOTUS (build in 1889)  The LOTUS has a large living room with an fully equipped open plan kitchen and a beerdraft. There are 8 cabins all of them which have comfortable made beds, towels and hot & cold running water. Feel free to contact us to discuss all the possibilities to make your visit to Amsterdam as enjoyable and comfortable as possible.","Staying on our sailing ship is a truly unique experience, not only is it comfortable and one of the cheapest and nicest spots to stay with a larger group, it has everything you need while being away from home. It's located in  Amsterdams 'up & coming'  NDSMdistrict, that's packed with old warehouses, graffiti arts and plenty of cultural cafes and restaurants, within walking distance. The free ferry will get you from the ship to central station and thus downtown within 10 minutes. Experience the life on the water in the centre of Amsterdam on board of sailing ship the LOTUS (build in 1889)  The LOTUS has a large living room with an fully equipped open plan kitchen and a beerdraft. There are 8 cabins all of them which have comfortable made beds, towels and hot & cold running water. Feel free to contact us to discuss all the possibilities to make your visit to Amsterdam as enjoyable and comfortable as possible. You rent the entire ship and can bring up to 18 people. Your host also lives o","The former NDSM Amsterdam ship wharf is a stunning hangout. Just 10 minutes by free ferry from Amsterdam Central Station. A former shipyard located on the banks of the River IJ in Amsterdam Noord, the NDSM Wharf has blossomed into an enormous cultural hotspot in recent years with a vibrant artist community and an ever-expanding variety of bars and restaurants. With grounds exceeding the size of ten football pitches, the area hosts multi-disciplinary festivals, performances, exhibitions, dance parties and a wide range of other events in unique, post-industrial surroundings.","Bus 391, 394, NDSM-ferry. This information is subject to change; for up-to-date public transport info check the GVB website.",
