"Hello stranger!  Welcome to my great hip apartment in one of the nicest residential neigbourhoods to stay in Amsterdam! Located in between the lively old Jordaan and the cultural, green and trendy Westergasfabriek.  Bright, cozy and comfortable; you'll love your stay :)","Welcome to my great hip apartment in one of the nicest residential neigbourhoods to stay in Amsterdam! Located in between the lively old Jordaan and the cultural, green and trendy Westergasfabriek. Strolling down the Jordaan streets or the Westerpark, visiting one of the many small and affordable restaurants, cafe's or shops, clubbing in the Westergasfabriek cultural park, swimming in the Marnixbad, yoga classes, the biological market on Sundays and the vintage clothing market on Mondays, a few small movie theatres; name it and you will find it within walking distance! Public transport to other parts of the city (bus / tram) you will find within 2 minutes walking distance.   My super nice apartment has a bright living room (the sofa can easily sleep 1 person), an open kitchen with all necessary equipment and a large dining table, a bedroom with a comfortable queen size double bed, a small clean bathroom with shower and a sunny balcony. My guests are more than welcome to use all availab","Hello stranger!  Welcome to my great hip apartment in one of the nicest residential neigbourhoods to stay in Amsterdam! Located in between the lively old Jordaan and the cultural, green and trendy Westergasfabriek.  Bright, cozy and comfortable; you'll love your stay :) Welcome to my great hip apartment in one of the nicest residential neigbourhoods to stay in Amsterdam! Located in between the lively old Jordaan and the cultural, green and trendy Westergasfabriek. Strolling down the Jordaan streets or the Westerpark, visiting one of the many small and affordable restaurants, cafe's or shops, clubbing in the Westergasfabriek cultural park, swimming in the Marnixbad, yoga classes, the biological market on Sundays and the vintage clothing market on Mondays, a few small movie theatres; name it and you will find it within walking distance! Public transport to other parts of the city (bus / tram) you will find within 2 minutes walking distance.   My super nice apartment has a bright living r",,Orientation (by bicycle or public transport):  Jordaan: 5 minutes Central Station: 10 minutes Dam Square: 10 minutes Museum Quarter: 15 minutes Schiphol Airport: 15 minutes train plus 10 minutes bus,"• No pets of any kind are allowed • Using any kind of drugs in the apartment is not allowed • The guest has the responsibility to pay for any damages caused by carelessness, willful destruction, or through unintended use of the furnishings or other contents of the apartment.   • In the hours between 22:00 and 09:00 guests are requested to maintain peace and quiet in consideration of the other tenants in the building."
