* Our house is only suitable for a couple or families with children (3) and not for adults groups *,"* Dear travelers, welcome to our great FAMILY house (175 sqm) near the Amsterdam Vondelpark. You will be staying in a refurbished loft in Amsterdam: have a look at the pictures for a good impression of what the house is like. * Our house is only suitable for a couple or families with children and not for adults groups  On the ground floor we have a large loft like space with a kitchen, a dining area, the living, laundry room, the patio and the kids room. On the first floor you can find one bedroom with double bed, two kids rooms (one with bunk bed and other a baby cot)  as well as a large bathroom (with a bath and a walk in shower). The ground floor used to be an old garage and is now converted to a design loft. All amenities are included: we have cable television, high speed internet access, a kitchen with 2 ovens (which includes a steam oven), a coffee machine etc. Our house is situated in Oud West on the Jacob van Lennepkade which is overlooking a canal and it is very close to the V","* Our house is only suitable for a couple or families with children (3) and not for adults groups * * Dear travelers, welcome to our great FAMILY house (175 sqm) near the Amsterdam Vondelpark. You will be staying in a refurbished loft in Amsterdam: have a look at the pictures for a good impression of what the house is like. * Our house is only suitable for a couple or families with children and not for adults groups  On the ground floor we have a large loft like space with a kitchen, a dining area, the living, laundry room, the patio and the kids room. On the first floor you can find one bedroom with double bed, two kids rooms (one with bunk bed and other a baby cot)  as well as a large bathroom (with a bath and a walk in shower). The ground floor used to be an old garage and is now converted to a design loft. All amenities are included: we have cable television, high speed internet access, a kitchen with 2 ovens (which includes a steam oven), a coffee machine etc. Our house is situate",,"The best way to travel in Amsterdam is to rent bicycles or to walk around.  Our house is close to the centre, around 20 min walk. But public transport (tram) is very close to the house as well, only 5 minutes walk.","Only rents out to families with small children... Rates are based on 2 persons, any extra adult is E50"
