My cool urban apartment is situated at one of the most beautiful canals in Amsterdam. Because of the large windows you can enjoy the view and lots of daylight. It comfortably fits two and is only a 5 min. walk from central station.,"I'm renting out my beautiful apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. The apartment is situated at the 3rd floor of an typical old canal house.  The apartment has 2 rooms, one bedroom and one living room, a kitchen and a bathroom.  The apartment is in the quiet area of the red-light district. That means you can go after the music, but you can also relax in a quiet and peace-full home. Perhaps watch some Dutch TV if you like. The apartment is completely furnished, so you can move right in. If you would like to wash your clothes that is also possible. There are a washer, dryer and washing soap present. The location of my apartment is unique. Dam-square, de kalverstraat, spui, nieuwmarkt, waterlooplein are only a few minutes away. That means that there are lots of stores, restaurants and bars to go to.  However, Central station is also only 2 minutes away. If you are coming by plane, I would advice to take the 10 min train from Schiphol Airport to central station and walk from there. It is fa","My cool urban apartment is situated at one of the most beautiful canals in Amsterdam. Because of the large windows you can enjoy the view and lots of daylight. It comfortably fits two and is only a 5 min. walk from central station. I'm renting out my beautiful apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. The apartment is situated at the 3rd floor of an typical old canal house.  The apartment has 2 rooms, one bedroom and one living room, a kitchen and a bathroom.  The apartment is in the quiet area of the red-light district. That means you can go after the music, but you can also relax in a quiet and peace-full home. Perhaps watch some Dutch TV if you like. The apartment is completely furnished, so you can move right in. If you would like to wash your clothes that is also possible. There are a washer, dryer and washing soap present. The location of my apartment is unique. Dam-square, de kalverstraat, spui, nieuwmarkt, waterlooplein are only a few minutes away. That means that there are lots of ","I love love love to go out to dinner, drink wine and go dancing with my friends. There are so many nice things to do here in the neighbourhood and the rest of Amsterdam. But you should definitely have dinner at Mata Hari, which is a cosy restaurant and 1 min from my place. If you eat pork and cheese you should try the ham and cheese croissant from Brood on the Zeedijk for breakfast, they are the best!","Public transportation is great, but as a true Dutchie I would be lost without my bike. Go rent a bike if you feel comfortable to cycle in Amsterdam, because cycling around town if the fastest way to get around. Besides that it is good for your condition and free, except for the rent of the bike ;)  . If my pro-bike speech didn't convince you, you can take the train, metro, tram, bus or taxi. For the metro you need a card, which you can buy in the vending machine at the subway. For the bus and tram you can use the same card, but you can also buy a one-way ticket from the driver. Taxi wise you can use Uber, Abel or TCA.","No smoking and no crazy parties, because I want to stay friends with my neighbours. Have fun!"
