"*NOW ALSO AVAILABLE FOR LONG TERM RENT, PLEASE CONTACT US* In the very heart of the beloved De Pijp this stylish, comfortable and beautifully furnished 60 m² (645 ft²) apartment is ideal for a couple or individual traveler, looking for an unforgettable stay at an unbeatable location in De Pijp.","Situated parallel to the famous Albert Cuyp market this charming apartment, to be reached by a (steep) typical Amsterdam black marble staircase, sits on one of the lower floors of the late 19th century building. You enter the L shaped living room with open kitchen, 2 large windows on the front side of the building and a nice lounge corner with a flat screen tv, comfortable couch and feet chairs. From the kitchen area you enter a small corridor separating the ‘Pijp-style’ bathroom (toilet & shower), a small room equipped with a washing machine & dryer, cattle and storage space and a large master bedroom with a very comfortable double queen size bed (with a brand new Matt Sleeps mattress!), a spacious and mirrored wardrobe and a sink with cold & hot water.  The apartment was renovated in 2011 and has double glass windows throughout, an oak wooden floor and is fully equipped with anything you could possibly need, including:  • fast WIFI; • Sony Bravia flatscreen TV (digital);  • DVD playe","*NOW ALSO AVAILABLE FOR LONG TERM RENT, PLEASE CONTACT US* In the very heart of the beloved De Pijp this stylish, comfortable and beautifully furnished 60 m² (645 ft²) apartment is ideal for a couple or individual traveler, looking for an unforgettable stay at an unbeatable location in De Pijp. Situated parallel to the famous Albert Cuyp market this charming apartment, to be reached by a (steep) typical Amsterdam black marble staircase, sits on one of the lower floors of the late 19th century building. You enter the L shaped living room with open kitchen, 2 large windows on the front side of the building and a nice lounge corner with a flat screen tv, comfortable couch and feet chairs. From the kitchen area you enter a small corridor separating the ‘Pijp-style’ bathroom (toilet & shower), a small room equipped with a washing machine & dryer, cattle and storage space and a large master bedroom with a very comfortable double queen size bed (with a brand new Matt Sleeps mattress!), a spac","The location is absolutely fantastic: the gorgeous Sarphatipark is literally around the corner and the area is packed with fantastic cafés, exquisite restaurants, bars and of course coffee shops. Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, Leidse square and the Rijksmuseum are all just a stroll away. Within minutes you reach the canals where you can hop on a canal boat.","The Pijp can be reached by a short tram ride from Amsterdam Central Station (tram 24), Amsterdam Zuid/WTC (tram 5 and then tram 3 or 12) or Amsterdam Amstel (tram 12). The stops Albert Cuypstraat and Ceintuurbaan are both within 5 minutes reach. Also, bicycles can be rented in several places. From Amsterdam Schiphol Airport it will take you about 30-35 minutes to the apartment by public transport (approximately EUR 8) and about 20 minutes by taxi (approximately EUR 55, around EUR 40 is you use an Uber). During the night you can also take the night bus that commutes between Central Station and Schiphol.",* We ask you to treat our house with respect as if it were your own ^_^ * This is a NON SMOKING and NO PARTY house
