Private apartment for 2 with King bed.  Please check carefully house rules before booking. The Living room with open kitchen is included in rent for use.  Shared (separate) bathroom& wc.  No room for extra persons or children.,"Please read carefully before booking:  I rent out the b whole apartment. It is my home so I only rent out when possible.  The apartment is not in the City Center but in the East part of town, 30 min. on foot to dam square, 5 min. by train to Amsterdam Central Station.  Excellent public transport to anywhere in the city.  The bedroom is medium size with a king bed, 1.80 by 2.00 with nasa foam pocket mattress that is super comfortable. Hypoallergenic bedding& pillows. Coffee& tea available in the room.  There is a hallway when you enter from the main door . From the hallway there is direct access to your room, bathroom and the WC.  Separate bathroom and wc are shared with host.  The East of Amsterdam is an up and coming residential neighborhood in Amsterdam.  An eclectic melting pot of cultures that I absolutely love. Cafe's; bakery's; coffee bars; restaurants; supermarkets; grocery stores and a daily market (Dappermarkt) are all around the corner. It's not in the City Center, but a nice","Private apartment for 2 with King bed.  Please check carefully house rules before booking. The Living room with open kitchen is included in rent for use.  Shared (separate) bathroom& wc.  No room for extra persons or children. Please read carefully before booking:  I rent out the b whole apartment. It is my home so I only rent out when possible.  The apartment is not in the City Center but in the East part of town, 30 min. on foot to dam square, 5 min. by train to Amsterdam Central Station.  Excellent public transport to anywhere in the city.  The bedroom is medium size with a king bed, 1.80 by 2.00 with nasa foam pocket mattress that is super comfortable. Hypoallergenic bedding& pillows. Coffee& tea available in the room.  There is a hallway when you enter from the main door . From the hallway there is direct access to your room, bathroom and the WC.  Separate bathroom and wc are shared with host.  The East of Amsterdam is an up and coming residential neighborhood in Amsterdam.  An ec","The East of Amsterdam is an up and coming residential neigbourhood in Amsterdam.  An eclectic melting pot of cultures that I absolutely love. Cafe's; bakery's; coffee bars; restaurants; supermarkets; grocery stores and a daily market (Dappermarkt) are all around the corner. Again: it's not in the City Center, but a nice and quiet place to rest your head after a long day of exploring the city.",There are 4 trams and a train station within 5 min walk from the apartment with great access to anywhere in the city center; airport& the rest of the Netherlands. 30  minutes via direct train from Schiphol Airport and 5 minute train ride from Amsterdam Central Station. Walking is also a good option (to Central Station about 30 minutes) or renting a bike. There is also a P&P parking close by where you can park your car for 1 euro per day and head into town by public transport.,"I would appreciate if you could take care of my home as I do.  Bare in mind you are staying in a residential neighbourhood and in my home. I will always clean the whole apartment before you arrive and I don't charge a cleaning fee like others do. If you are staying longer, I'll vacuum and mop the room in between, but only in consultation with you. But please remember you're not staying in a hotel but in a home so there is no everyday cleaning service.   I will take care of the dishes, It's your holiday so no dishes for you. Take your hairs out of the shower drain etc.  Please do not blow your nose while showering. I'll provide you with paper towels for blowing your nose.  Gentlemen: please use the toilet with the seat Down and not standing up. Let me know if there is anything I can do  for you to make your stay as pleasant as possible.  No party's or extra guests are allowed in the house."
