"Our lovely ground-floor house in Amsterdam-west is situated just a 10 minutes bike-ride from Dam Square, Jordaan-area and Vondelpark! You may use our bikes to have a full Amsterdam experience.","Our lovely ground-floor house in Amsterdam-west is situated just a 10 minutes bike-ride from Dam Square, Jordaan-area and Vondelpark! You may use our bikes to have a full Amsterdam experience. Bars, cafes, parks and sightseeing are all very easy to reach. Tram- and busstops are around the corner, we live opposite a supermarket. The house is very suitable for two adults. Wifi, cabletv etcetera. all available. You can smoke in the garden (though not inside please).  I hope you will love your stay in Amsterdam, and you will like our Amsterdam-house! p.s. our price is 69 euros/night - it seems to show up wrong sometimes.","Our lovely ground-floor house in Amsterdam-west is situated just a 10 minutes bike-ride from Dam Square, Jordaan-area and Vondelpark! You may use our bikes to have a full Amsterdam experience. Our lovely ground-floor house in Amsterdam-west is situated just a 10 minutes bike-ride from Dam Square, Jordaan-area and Vondelpark! You may use our bikes to have a full Amsterdam experience. Bars, cafes, parks and sightseeing are all very easy to reach. Tram- and busstops are around the corner, we live opposite a supermarket. The house is very suitable for two adults. Wifi, cabletv etcetera. all available. You can smoke in the garden (though not inside please).  I hope you will love your stay in Amsterdam, and you will like our Amsterdam-house! p.s. our price is 69 euros/night - it seems to show up wrong sometimes. As for the public transport:trams and buses are all just around the corner. They will take you straight to Central Station, Dam square, Museum square, Vondelpark and the Artis region",,"As for the public transport:trams and buses are all just around the corner. They will take you straight to Central Station, Dam square, Museum square, Vondelpark and the Artis region. It's literally a 10 minutes ride to most hotspots in the city centre.",
