"Quiet private room (penthouse), in famous 'Pijp', very close to the center. Small but new and private shower&wc, great boxspring bed! Wifi. Steep stairs - not convenient for very big heavy suitcases -, but spacious and bright inside the room, great view. Close: famous Albert Cuyp market, tram stop just around the corner, Van Gogh- and Rijksmuseum.","A great place with a cosy original wooden ceiling with beams. Consists of a private room (25m2), small hall, shower&toilet. Kichenette, tea (water boiler) and coffee making facilities, toaster, microwave and a small fridge. Central heating (3 radiators). Duvet covers, sheets, towels and hairdryer provided. Extra quilts and blankets in the closet. Wifi.  [Cooking facilities as electric cooker, pans etc., iron and ironing board on request.]","Quiet private room (penthouse), in famous 'Pijp', very close to the center. Small but new and private shower&wc, great boxspring bed! Wifi. Steep stairs - not convenient for very big heavy suitcases -, but spacious and bright inside the room, great view. Close: famous Albert Cuyp market, tram stop just around the corner, Van Gogh- and Rijksmuseum. A great place with a cosy original wooden ceiling with beams. Consists of a private room (25m2), small hall, shower&toilet. Kichenette, tea (water boiler) and coffee making facilities, toaster, microwave and a small fridge. Central heating (3 radiators). Duvet covers, sheets, towels and hairdryer provided. Extra quilts and blankets in the closet. Wifi.  [Cooking facilities as electric cooker, pans etc., iron and ironing board on request.] You can reach the place on the top (third) floor through the challenging steep, typical 19th century, Amsterdam staircase. Small entrance, but once inside the room is spacious and bright with a great view. T","The neighborhood is great!! It's trendy, cozy, with a lot of nice shops, bars, terraces, multicultural restaurants and a beautiful park (Sarpahipark). Just 2 minutes walk to the Amstel Canal (end of our street), just minutes walk to the center with the canals ('grachten'), and 15/20 minutes to the international famous museum district (Rijksmuseum: to see Rembrandt, and Van Gogh-museum).  Amsterdam RAI congress center is easily accessible (tram 4).","Public Transportation Tips:   The Amsterdam Travel Ticket includes unlimited travel between Schiphol Amsterdam Airport and any (train)station in Amsterdam, combined with unlimited travel throughout Amsterdam on tram, bus and metro. 1 day €15, 2 days €20, 3 days €25. One way NS* Train Ticket from Schiphol to Amsterdam Central Station €4,20. GVB* Ticket for bus, tram and metro €2,90. Valid one hour. GVB Day Ticket for bus, tram and metro €7,50, 2 days €12,50, 3 days €17. Valid for 24 hours from first check-in. NS (Nationale Spoorwegen): National Railways GVB (Gemeentelijk Vervoers Bedrijf): Municipal Transport Company Around the corner of the apartment:  Tram 4 (northbound): to Central Station and the whole center. Tram 4 (southbound): to RAI congress center and swimming pool: 'Miranda Bad' Tram 3 (westbound): to the museum district and Vondelpark and Jordaan district (Center West).","- No smoking, no drugs. - Always close the windows before going downtown. - Please take the garbage down. Dumpster just around the corner to the right. - Despite the vibrancy of the district De Pijp, the apartment is located in a quiet street: so be gently down the street and entry,, especially at night."
