,"Close to museum square, albert cuyp market, RAI & access to A10 highway. Bars, shops, restaurants, galleries, you are right in the middle of it!! If you want to have a real Amsterdam experience, enjoy this beautiful and spacious appartement in the centrally located 'Pijp': this very hip neighborhood is one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam!! The house is perfectly located in a quiet street just a minutes walk from plenty of restaurants, bars and other attractions! Lay out: A very typical Amsterdam apartment in a classical Amsterdam house! You'll have the entire appartement to yourselves! The apartment is light and spacious! The apartment is based on the second floor. 1 bedroom, a sitting room and a dining room with an open kitchen. The kitchen/dining room has wide opening doors to the comfortable balcony, giving you a special view into the hidden green courtyard! These indoor gardens are typical in Amsterdam.  As is typical in most 'de Pijp' houses, not much s","Close to museum square, albert cuyp market, RAI & access to A10 highway. Bars, shops, restaurants, galleries, you are right in the middle of it!! If you want to have a real Amsterdam experience, enjoy this beautiful and spacious appartement in the centrally located 'Pijp': this very hip neighborhood is one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam!! The house is perfectly located in a quiet street just a minutes walk from plenty of restaurants, bars and other attractions! Lay out: A very typical Amsterdam apartment in a classical Amsterdam house! You'll have the entire appartement to yourselves! The apartment is light and spacious! The apartment is based on the second floor. 1 bedroom, a sitting room and a dining room with an open kitchen. The kitchen/dining room has wide opening doors to the comfortable balcony, giving you a special view into the hidden green courtyard! These indoor gardens are typical in Amsterdam.  As is typical in most 'de Pijp' houses, not much s",,,"-	My apartment is on the second floor, so you have to take 2 steps. -	Non-smoking apartment and no place for parties -	My neighbours are friendly and nice. Please be respectful to them ( I would like to live here some more years in peace ;-)"
