"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street close to the famous Vondelpark. There is a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with comfortable bed, a modern bathroom and a great balcony! There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach from the apartment. I am sure you will have a great time in it!","An entire loft apartment for 2 people, all to yourself in the most sought-after neighborhood in the heart of Amsterdam! You are going to love it here! It's located next to the City Centre and very close to the lovely Vondelpark! Enjoy a nice stroll through the park and see the locals make their daily run. Or go for a drink in one of the many nice little café's, such as Blauwe Theehuis or Vondeltuin.  The apartment has been completely renovated last year and has a great atmosphere! The apartment is spacious, light and airy with and comes with a huge terrace (10m2) where you can enjoy a nice cup of coffee or tea in the sun! The living room is spacious and very comfortable with a great atmosphere. You can just sit down on the couch and relax while watching some television. The big kitchen (which is 5 meters wide) is fully equipped and ideal for making breakfast or dinner, but of course you also can enjoy some of the best take out food or have something to eat at the many nearby lunchrooms","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street close to the famous Vondelpark. There is a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with comfortable bed, a modern bathroom and a great balcony! There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach from the apartment. I am sure you will have a great time in it! An entire loft apartment for 2 people, all to yourself in the most sought-after neighborhood in the heart of Amsterdam! You are going to love it here! It's located next to the City Centre and very close to the lovely Vondelpark! Enjoy a nice stroll through the park and see the locals make their daily run. Or go for a drink in one of the many nice little café's, such as Blauwe Theehuis or Vondeltuin.  The apartment has been completely renovated last year and has a great atmosphere! The apartment is spacious","Amsterdam Oud West is part of the city centre, in the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, RijksMuseum and van GoghMuseum. Do go and visit ""de 9 straatjes"" (9 little streets), a great shopping area, and the canals nearby. At the end of my street you'll find great bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants. Public transport stops almost right in front of your doorstep, so you never have to stay in one place. And all on walking distance. My apartment is only 25 min. from the airport or central station by car. ‘Oud West’ is an easy-going and friendly neighbourhood with lots of excellent café's to drink coffee, lunchrooms, markets and restaurants. Just around the corner there is a very long ""shopping"" street the ""Kinkerstraat"" for all your daily needs and more. Only 200 meters away is de daily market called Ten Kate-market. I love living here. The neighborhood is quiet but near everything! I love the apartment, it's located on the ground floor so the","The easiest way to get around the city is by bike, but you can also use public transport. Close to the apartment you can find stop Eerste Constantijn Huygensstraat where you can take tram 1 to take you around the city!","Please don’t trash the place, don’t smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that enjoy as it is your own apartment. Smoking on the balcony is allowed, when you're not on the balcony please lock the door."
