"My wonderful home, with clean kitchen, bathroom and good vibes available to have a nice time in the liveliest neigbourhood of Amsterdam. 3 min. walk to trains, trams, buses. And just a bikeride away from everything good (and naughty) this city has to offer.","Beautiful, bright apartment in the lively east of Amsterdam. Close to tram, train, and a bikeride away from the city-center. Nice kitchen en bathroom and all very clean and new. Dishwasher, espresso-machine, fast internet, oven, and a recordplayer with lots of good vinyl! (Tom Waits, Patti Smith, the Beatles.) The Heineken-brewery is close by so is the Waterlooplein. Rent bikes and explore the whole city. To come home to a warm, cosy home where you can cook your own food and go to the movies (Studio K) or cycle to Club Canvas. I have a very sunny balcony where you can have breakfast in the morning-sun but you have to share with my balcony my tomato and other vegetable plants. I try to run a little eco-friendly household with eco-friendly cleaning detergents and i do lots of recycling. Ofcourse you don't have to re-cycle (it is your holiday) but if you would,  that would be great! In this neighbourhood you will find many places to eat  just a simple pizza or great Surinam Roti around th","My wonderful home, with clean kitchen, bathroom and good vibes available to have a nice time in the liveliest neigbourhood of Amsterdam. 3 min. walk to trains, trams, buses. And just a bikeride away from everything good (and naughty) this city has to offer. Beautiful, bright apartment in the lively east of Amsterdam. Close to tram, train, and a bikeride away from the city-center. Nice kitchen en bathroom and all very clean and new. Dishwasher, espresso-machine, fast internet, oven, and a recordplayer with lots of good vinyl! (Tom Waits, Patti Smith, the Beatles.) The Heineken-brewery is close by so is the Waterlooplein. Rent bikes and explore the whole city. To come home to a warm, cosy home where you can cook your own food and go to the movies (Studio K) or cycle to Club Canvas. I have a very sunny balcony where you can have breakfast in the morning-sun but you have to share with my balcony my tomato and other vegetable plants. I try to run a little eco-friendly household with eco-fri","The people! And all the good food. Great vegetable stores, good bread, coffee. ","Yes! Plenty. Trains, trams, busses. But rent a bike, it is the best way to see and feel Amsterdam.","Respectful to the neigbours and to my house and my furniture. But please laugh, dance as much as you like. But it is my house, not an anonymous hotelroom. Please keep that in mind. No smoking in the house!"
