"Our modern and spacious 3 room apartment offers tranquility in the centre of the city. It includes extras like a sunny balcony, a jacuzzi and netflix. It is located close to the Oosterpark and the Amstel river. Subway line Wibautstraat is located at 100 mtrs distance.  ","The apartment (75m2) includes a spacious living room with: dining area, tv area, bar and fully equipped kitchen. Attached to the living room is a large, sunny balcony with a loungeset. The toilet and bathroom are modern and luxurious as there is a bath with whirlpool as well. There are two bedrooms, but only one has a comfortable boxspring bed, which sleeps 2. It is a comfortable apartment for 2.","Our modern and spacious 3 room apartment offers tranquility in the centre of the city. It includes extras like a sunny balcony, a jacuzzi and netflix. It is located close to the Oosterpark and the Amstel river. Subway line Wibautstraat is located at 100 mtrs distance.  The apartment (75m2) includes a spacious living room with: dining area, tv area, bar and fully equipped kitchen. Attached to the living room is a large, sunny balcony with a loungeset. The toilet and bathroom are modern and luxurious as there is a bath with whirlpool as well. There are two bedrooms, but only one has a comfortable boxspring bed, which sleeps 2. It is a comfortable apartment for 2. The Oosterpark area is located next to the city centre of Amsterdam,  but offers a bit more space and tranquility. Because the metro stops next to our door, the city centre is only a few minutes ride. The area itself also contains a lot of nice places, with the Oosterpark itself only a few minutes walk and the Amstel river nearb","The Oosterpark area is located next to the city centre of Amsterdam,  but offers a bit more space and tranquility. Because the metro stops next to our door, the city centre is only a few minutes ride. The area itself also contains a lot of nice places, with the Oosterpark itself only a few minutes walk and the Amstel river nearby.  ",,
