"Amsterdam apartment, full of light and perfect start to explore the city by foot. New kitchen, new 2-person bed (not on the photo's), new sofa (not on the photo's). Check the reviews for a better understanding :)","Located right in the center of Amsterdam is the popular Helmers neighbourhood, we offer this renovated privately owned apartment. It is close (walking distance) to all the interesting things Amsterdam offers you.  The apartment is situated at the 3rd floor and accessed via traditional steep Amsterdam stairs. Perfect for couples. Living in this house gives you a cozy & warm feeling (see photos). Once your inside the house, you will notice the peaceful feeling, but when you step out of the door, energy is all around you. There is room for a child or small third person at the big sofa.  If you stay a bit longer and like to cook, the kitchen has everything you need, including a big Boretti stoof. The apartment gets a lot daylight, high ceilings, ensuite bedroom, very convenient badroom (underfloor heating, big bathtub) and a balcony. Everything is new, from the washing machine, to the dishwasher, the floor etc (see photo's). The apartment is situated close to the Vondelpark, Museum Square,","Amsterdam apartment, full of light and perfect start to explore the city by foot. New kitchen, new 2-person bed (not on the photo's), new sofa (not on the photo's). Check the reviews for a better understanding :) Located right in the center of Amsterdam is the popular Helmers neighbourhood, we offer this renovated privately owned apartment. It is close (walking distance) to all the interesting things Amsterdam offers you.  The apartment is situated at the 3rd floor and accessed via traditional steep Amsterdam stairs. Perfect for couples. Living in this house gives you a cozy & warm feeling (see photos). Once your inside the house, you will notice the peaceful feeling, but when you step out of the door, energy is all around you. There is room for a child or small third person at the big sofa.  If you stay a bit longer and like to cook, the kitchen has everything you need, including a big Boretti stoof. The apartment gets a lot daylight, high ceilings, ensuite bedroom, very convenient ba",,"Since it is a 5 minute walk to the main public transport square of Amsterdam, you can easily travel to areas outside of Amsterdam. For example to Schiphol airport, a direct bus goes there (line 197).","Since this is my home and not a commercial rental, I'd like you to respect it the same way as you do with your own house. Ill make sure you will feel like you are in your own house :)"
