"You're welcome to stay in our lovely apartment with balcony and roof terrace! It's located in the vibrant neighbourhood 'Bos en Lommer' and is the perfect spot for a short holiday. Only 5 minutes from the Jordan area, and within 10 minutes you're at the Leidseplein.","The whole city in reach within 10 minutes by bike! The apartment is located on the second and third floor and has everything you could wish for. Whether you're looking for a quiet place to come home to after a long day of sightseeing, or a spacious home in which you can enjoy a lovely dinner and glass of wine on the balcony. Here's what our home has to offer: + A spacious living room  + Open kitchen with all amenities, (oven, dish washer, coffee maker etc.)  + Dining area next to kitchen with dining table  + Balcony next to dining area  + Spacious bedroom with double bed and wardrobe  + Bathroom with tub (our beloved tub!)  + Roof terrace adjacent to bedroom  Come and see for yourself!","You're welcome to stay in our lovely apartment with balcony and roof terrace! It's located in the vibrant neighbourhood 'Bos en Lommer' and is the perfect spot for a short holiday. Only 5 minutes from the Jordan area, and within 10 minutes you're at the Leidseplein. The whole city in reach within 10 minutes by bike! The apartment is located on the second and third floor and has everything you could wish for. Whether you're looking for a quiet place to come home to after a long day of sightseeing, or a spacious home in which you can enjoy a lovely dinner and glass of wine on the balcony. Here's what our home has to offer: + A spacious living room  + Open kitchen with all amenities, (oven, dish washer, coffee maker etc.)  + Dining area next to kitchen with dining table  + Balcony next to dining area  + Spacious bedroom with double bed and wardrobe  + Bathroom with tub (our beloved tub!)  + Roof terrace adjacent to bedroom  Come and see for yourself! As a guest you will have access to: + ","'Landlust' is part of Bos and Lommer, one of the most vibrant areas of Amsterdam. There are plenty of nice restaurants and bars in the area.","Amsterdam is best explored by bike, so we always advise our guests to rent them. If you prefer public transport there's a bus stop nearby and a tram stop a 3 minute walk. They'll both take you to the heart of Amsterdam in a few minutes!","- Our home is only suited for families, couples and business trips. - Please respect the house and the neighbourhood: quiet time after 9 pm. - Let us know your estimated time of arrival ánd departure as soon as possible. - No smoking inside  - No loud music	 - No parties - No drugs - No guests In case of breaking one of the rules you will be charged with a penalty of €200 per broken rule."
