"Our 2 floor, 110m2 house with 40m2 garden is only 2 minutes away from Vondelpark by foot.  The neighborhood is full of restaurants and bars and by foot only 20 mins from Leidseplein and Museumplein. Supermarket and tram are around the corner. Available for 4 persons: perfect family's stay!","Details:  Our lovely house nearby the centre of Amsterdam is located in a very nice neighborhood Oud West. Its a family neighborhood only 15 minutes away from the city centre by foot.  The supermarket and Vondelpark are just around the corner (2minute walk).  Also Leidseplein (5 minutes by tram for shopping, bars, restaurants and clubs) and Museumplein are nearby (20 minute walk). There is a big shopping street called Kinkerstraat (10 minutes walk) with a market with fresh vegatables, bread, fish, herbs and cheese. This market is there monday-saturday and is called Ten kate markt. Tram 1. on the Overtoom goes to the centre, central station, Leidseplein and Dam square every 10-15 minutes. This tram is only 1 minute away by foot from the house! Tram 17 on Kinkerstraat goes every 10-15 minutes to the 9 streets (famous for its nice clothing boutiques) in the old centre of Amsterdam called: Jordaan.  Our house has free use of WIFI. We have two seperate bathrooms with two toilets. Our kitche","Our 2 floor, 110m2 house with 40m2 garden is only 2 minutes away from Vondelpark by foot.  The neighborhood is full of restaurants and bars and by foot only 20 mins from Leidseplein and Museumplein. Supermarket and tram are around the corner. Available for 4 persons: perfect family's stay! Details:  Our lovely house nearby the centre of Amsterdam is located in a very nice neighborhood Oud West. Its a family neighborhood only 15 minutes away from the city centre by foot.  The supermarket and Vondelpark are just around the corner (2minute walk).  Also Leidseplein (5 minutes by tram for shopping, bars, restaurants and clubs) and Museumplein are nearby (20 minute walk). There is a big shopping street called Kinkerstraat (10 minutes walk) with a market with fresh vegatables, bread, fish, herbs and cheese. This market is there monday-saturday and is called Ten kate markt. Tram 1. on the Overtoom goes to the centre, central station, Leidseplein and Dam square every 10-15 minutes. This tram is",Sehr schönes Altes Zentrum Oud West.,Mit die Zug 15 minuten von Schophol Lufthafen.,"- We prefer families but group of friends are allowed as long as they treat the house and the peasefull neighboorhood with respect!  - Smoking is allowed in the garden. - Due to the peace of our neightboors it is not allowed to enter the garden between 00:00h at night and 8:00h in the morning.  - If you want to bring a pet, please let us know by forhand!"
