"Our cosy, light and spacious apartment is situated very close to the center of Amsterdam, public transportation and Amsterdam's nicest neighbourhoods for shopping, bars and culture. Including a lovely balcony, a fully equiped kitchen and Wi-Fi.","Our apartment features a large, light space to live in, with everything you need to make yourself feel at home. The cosy bedroom might be the cutest in Amsterdam and the sunny balcony is perfect for a chilled drink. The kitchen is full of gear you can use to fix yourself a meal and the shower in the bathroom is nice and hot.","Our cosy, light and spacious apartment is situated very close to the center of Amsterdam, public transportation and Amsterdam's nicest neighbourhoods for shopping, bars and culture. Including a lovely balcony, a fully equiped kitchen and Wi-Fi. Our apartment features a large, light space to live in, with everything you need to make yourself feel at home. The cosy bedroom might be the cutest in Amsterdam and the sunny balcony is perfect for a chilled drink. The kitchen is full of gear you can use to fix yourself a meal and the shower in the bathroom is nice and hot. All the area's on the pictures are for our guests to enjoy. We provide all our guests with a list of things to do in Amsterdam, directions to our apartment and some tips to make your trip to our city as nice as possible. You can always reach us by phone in case you need something. Our apartment is very close to the center, the hip De Pijp area, the Amstel river and tons of nice bars and restaurants. When you book we will pro","Our apartment is very close to the center, the hip De Pijp area, the Amstel river and tons of nice bars and restaurants. When you book we will provide you with an extensive list of nice things to do.","Public transportation is just around the corner. There's a tramstop in front of our house and a metro-stop at a three minute walk, which will take you to and from Amsterdam Central or Schiphol in no-time.",You can smoke on our lovely balcony. Pets are not allowed.
