"Charming, cosy and luminous studio apartment. Very well-located in lively area near a park.",For 2 people (or a family with max 2 children) in the east of Amsterdam. There is one double bed and a double sofa bed. It is a light place with double windows on the streetside (this is where you sleep) The apartment has a sunny balcony in the back of the house and a little french balcony on the streetside. The bathroom was recently renovated and has a bathtub/ shower. Separate toilet. Fully equipped kitchen!,"Charming, cosy and luminous studio apartment. Very well-located in lively area near a park. For 2 people (or a family with max 2 children) in the east of Amsterdam. There is one double bed and a double sofa bed. It is a light place with double windows on the streetside (this is where you sleep) The apartment has a sunny balcony in the back of the house and a little french balcony on the streetside. The bathroom was recently renovated and has a bathtub/ shower. Separate toilet. Fully equipped kitchen! this is a private apartment I will be away on holidays. But in case of need you can reach me on the phone. The apartment is located in one of the liveliest areas of Amsterdam right near the beautiful Oosterpark. Restaurants, bars and (super)markets are just around the corner. Furthermore Artis Zoo, Tropenmuseum, Volkshotel, cinemas Kriterion and Studio K, Brouwerij 't IJ and the best bakery in town (Hartog) are on walking distance. Public transportation is in close proximity. Tram/ bus sta","The apartment is located in one of the liveliest areas of Amsterdam right near the beautiful Oosterpark. Restaurants, bars and (super)markets are just around the corner. Furthermore Artis Zoo, Tropenmuseum, Volkshotel, cinemas Kriterion and Studio K, Brouwerij 't IJ and the best bakery in town (Hartog) are on walking distance.","Public transportation is in close proximity. Tram/ bus station is a 2 minutes walk, metro (connection to Central Station) is 7 minutes by foot. A trainstation (Muiderpoort, which connects to Schiphol airport and Central Station) is at 10 minutes walk.","Pleave leave the apartment clean and put everything back into its original place.  I expect you to treat my place as if it were your own. Please water the plants every now and then, especially if its sunny It is an old house so taking your shoes off will be highly appreciated by the neighbours."
