"Our quiet, charming, 1920's apartment situated near one of Amsterdam's most beautiful parks , het Frankendaelpark. Public transport right on your doorstep ( 15 min. to centre). Shops nearby. A well equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower and bathtub.","The house is light and quiet, and looks very much like when it was built in 1929, wich gives it a special atmosphere.","Our quiet, charming, 1920's apartment situated near one of Amsterdam's most beautiful parks , het Frankendaelpark. Public transport right on your doorstep ( 15 min. to centre). Shops nearby. A well equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower and bathtub. The house is light and quiet, and looks very much like when it was built in 1929, wich gives it a special atmosphere. Apart from two rooms that are used to store our private stuff the whole house is yours. On the second floor a bedroom with double bed, balcony overlooking a quiet and green inner garden  and a bathroom with shower and bathtub. On the first floor you have a big, well equipped kitchen and a sunny living-room. On top of all that a large rooftop-terrace  with a nice view and a great sunset. The house will be completely yours while you stay, but we can always be reached for help and questions. Our house is situated in the ""Watergraafsmeer"", a lake that was ""ingepolderd"" in 1629, wich means drained of water by windmills to create ","Our house is situated in the ""Watergraafsmeer"", a lake that was ""ingepolderd"" in 1629, wich means drained of water by windmills to create ""land"". It is a real polder, where a serious  sea battle took place before it became the lowest lying land in Amsterdam. For a long time it had only farms and ""country houses""for rich Amsterdammers, of wich only the Frankendael estate remains, now a very nice park. At the end of the nineteenth century  the expanding city of Amsterdam poured over into the Watergraafsmeer, and nowadays it has many different quarters in a very diverse mixture of architectural styles.","Public transport stops right outside the door and takes you to the centre in about 15 minutes. We're  close to the City Ring and very easy to find by car. No free parking unfortunately, like in most of Amsterdam, but we can point you to places where parking is free that are easily reachable by tram. (10 min.)","-Please be nice to our house and our neighbours. -Smoking is only allowed on the balconys.  -We have no pets and animal guests are not  allowed. -If you are on one of the balconys in the evening, -- please keep your voices down. Partys and/or extra guests are not allowed."
