"Come stay at this lovely houseboat in the North of Amsterdam, with a light living room, open kitchen and view over the water.  Outside you find the garden with a greenhouse, vegetable garden and plenty of room to enjoy a meal or a drink. It's located on the waters of a quiet neighborhood near the NDSM, that's known for it's creative character, great bars, street art & big second hand market. There is free parking, and the city centre is easy accessible with the free ferry or by bus (10 min).",You enter the boat through our garden and over the gang board.  In boat you'll find a light and spacious living room with lots of plants and large windows looking out over the garden and the water.   The open kitchen is fully equipped and has a big wooden table; great for lazy breakfasts and long nights. The big bedroom has a large and comfortable bed and room for your cloths.,"Come stay at this lovely houseboat in the North of Amsterdam, with a light living room, open kitchen and view over the water.  Outside you find the garden with a greenhouse, vegetable garden and plenty of room to enjoy a meal or a drink. It's located on the waters of a quiet neighborhood near the NDSM, that's known for it's creative character, great bars, street art & big second hand market. There is free parking, and the city centre is easy accessible with the free ferry or by bus (10 min). You enter the boat through our garden and over the gang board.  In boat you'll find a light and spacious living room with lots of plants and large windows looking out over the garden and the water.   The open kitchen is fully equipped and has a big wooden table; great for lazy breakfasts and long nights. The big bedroom has a large and comfortable bed and room for your cloths. Our neighborhood has the best of both worlds; it's a quiet en green area, but also near the lively NDSM. An old ship wharf,","Our neighborhood has the best of both worlds; it's a quiet en green area, but also near the lively NDSM. An old ship wharf, where you can drink coffee on the water side, see the best street art of the city, have a great meal or go dancing until the sun comes up.  But if you want to go to the city centre, that easy to: 10 min by boat or bus.",There is free parking in front of the house.  Bus 35 (5 min walk)  or the NDSM-ferry (15 min walk/5 min by bike)  will take you to the Central Station in ten minutes.,"- You must love cats. We have two.  - Please treat the boat with love and respect. - Don't through any garbage in the water, but feel free to feed the swans. - Please smoke outside. - Don't fall in the water (but you can go for a swim if you want) - You can eat all the tomatoes you can, but be nice to the plants - You can use everything in the kitchen, but if you finish something, let us know."
