"Compact apartment of 50 square metres, including nearly every home comfort you could think of and a sunny balcony. Accommodates two people only. The apartment comes with two beautiful cats (so only suitable for cat-owners / animal-lovers)","A one-bedroom apartment with plenty of sunlight in Amsterdam Oud West (Old West). About the apartment Floor area of around 50 square metres, located on the third floor. It's in a quiet residential street.  You will have the whole apartment to yourself. This is not just a room in a flat, but a whole apartment. Fast internet/wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, television with several hundred channels, very comfortable double bed. Fresh towels and bed linen. The apartment has a living room, a double bedroom with double bed, a separate kitchen, a (small) bathroom with shower & toilet, and a sunny south-facing balcony with a view onto quiet gardens at the back.  The apartment is suitable for two people only. This is my home and I love living here. I'm sure you'll love staying here too.  If you're interested, the building itself dates from around 1905. About me I'm English, but I've lived in Amsterdam for five years and I work as a translator. This is my home and I basically l","Compact apartment of 50 square metres, including nearly every home comfort you could think of and a sunny balcony. Accommodates two people only. The apartment comes with two beautiful cats (so only suitable for cat-owners / animal-lovers) A one-bedroom apartment with plenty of sunlight in Amsterdam Oud West (Old West). About the apartment Floor area of around 50 square metres, located on the third floor. It's in a quiet residential street.  You will have the whole apartment to yourself. This is not just a room in a flat, but a whole apartment. Fast internet/wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, television with several hundred channels, very comfortable double bed. Fresh towels and bed linen. The apartment has a living room, a double bedroom with double bed, a separate kitchen, a (small) bathroom with shower & toilet, and a sunny south-facing balcony with a view onto quiet gardens at the back.  The apartment is suitable for two people only. This is my home and I love living","About Amsterdam and 'Oud-West' This area of Amsterdam is called Oud-West, which means 'Old West'! 'Oud-West' is adjacent to the 'Grachtengordel' (the city's famous 17th-century canal ring) and the 'Jordaan' (another historic district, home to Anne Frank House). You can reach the central area by tram or bicycle within 10 minutes or by foot in 20-25 mins (e.g. Leidseplein or Prinsengracht). The train station area is further but you can be most places in the central area within 15-20 minutes by bike or by hopping on a tram - Dam Square, Anne Frank House, VanGogh Museum, Rijksmueum, Stedelijk Museum, Central station etc. There's a tramstop about 3 minutes from my door (name: 'Jan Pieter Heijestraat'). I would recommend renting a bike to get around town at your own pace. The Vondelpark (Amsterdam's largest and most popular park) is a 5-minute bike ride away. The Jordaan district is also closeby, and in the other direction (going west) there is lots of famous 1920s 'Amsterdamse School' archi","The tram stop is a 3-minute walk from the front door, served regularly by tram numbers 7 and 17.","Please note that strictly no visitors are allowed in the apartment other than those who have booked the accommodation. The structure of the building means that you are living in closer proximity to neighbours than you may be used to. It is very easy to - inadvertently - disturb the neighbours with noise, especially in the evenings or at night. Please remember the following while you're staying here. 1. Noise travels very easily from the stairwell into the other apartments. Please make sure you are quiet when you're coming up and down the stairs. After 9 p.m. this includes 'treading softly' and avoiding loud conversations on the stairs. 2. The same applies to the balcony. Please avoid noise on the balcony, especially in the evenings (e.g. loud conversations, moving chairs around etc.) Of course you are very welcome to use the balcony, it is part of the apartment, but please do so considerately. 3. When you're in the apartment, please avoid loud music, moving furniture, heavy footsteps o"
