Come and stay at our comfortable (family) house in Nieuwendam; an old village within Amsterdam Noord with lots of beautiful coloured ancient wooden houses's and only a 10 minutes ride away to the Ferry who will bring you in 5 min to the city centre!,"This (family)house is located in Nieuwendam; an old and picturesque village within Amsterdam Noord, only minutes away from the city centre, yet very peaceful. Discover the monumental wooden houses on the famous Nieuwendammerdijk and/or enjoy the city live. NEIGHBOURHOOD: This lovely (family)house is located in Nieuwendam, a picturesque old village in Amsterdam. Walk out the door and see old wooden houses in all kinds of colours. Take a strawl on the famous nieuwendammerdijk and have a coffee on the nearby terrace watching the boats manouvre in the harbor. Or take a walk in the nearby Vliegenbos ( with tenniscourts). All of this, only ten minutes away from the city centre! THE HOUSE: Our house is a two storey house. Semidetached, so it offers lots of privacy. It has a childfriendly garden facing east ( sunny all day). When you open the front door, you step into the corridor and then into the living room with open kitchen. The modern kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, oven, microwave","Come and stay at our comfortable (family) house in Nieuwendam; an old village within Amsterdam Noord with lots of beautiful coloured ancient wooden houses's and only a 10 minutes ride away to the Ferry who will bring you in 5 min to the city centre! This (family)house is located in Nieuwendam; an old and picturesque village within Amsterdam Noord, only minutes away from the city centre, yet very peaceful. Discover the monumental wooden houses on the famous Nieuwendammerdijk and/or enjoy the city live. NEIGHBOURHOOD: This lovely (family)house is located in Nieuwendam, a picturesque old village in Amsterdam. Walk out the door and see old wooden houses in all kinds of colours. Take a strawl on the famous nieuwendammerdijk and have a coffee on the nearby terrace watching the boats manouvre in the harbor. Or take a walk in the nearby Vliegenbos ( with tenniscourts). All of this, only ten minutes away from the city centre! THE HOUSE: Our house is a two storey house. Semidetached, so it offer","Discover Amsterdam-Noord (Amsterdam North). Noord is not only spacious and green, but also inspiring and vibrant. Here you will find an exciting mix of experimental festivals, picturesque country villages and stylish restaurants on the water.  Explore Noord on a bike! Just around the corner of our house you will find Nieuwendammerdijk and Schellingwouderdijk. They were built as dikes and among the first streets of Noord to be inhabited. For some locals, living on these streets is like living in paradise. Detached old houses with space to have kids. Outside the crowded city, but still minutes away. Garden cities like Nieuwendam, Schellingwoude, Durgerdam (an authentic village with wooden fisherman cottages), Ransdorp and Zunderdorp are nearby and all well worth a visit. ","From the airport, you can take the train to the central station and from there you can take the bus ( line 32 or 33) . After a short walk of 5 minutes you will arrive to the house. Of course is a taxi also possible (20 minutes drive).","Generally we expect our guests to treat our place as if its your own. Please take care of the neighbours, and greet everyone you come across. Please no pets, no smoking and no additional guests in the house. Thank you and enjoy your stay!"
