,"Beautiful, light spacious penthouse apartment in the museum quarter  including large private terrace with view on the Concert Hall, in the heart of Amsterdam. Spacious and light. Ideal for couples. Right in the middle of Amsterdams' cultural highlights: the Van Gogh museum, Rijks museum, Stedelijk Museum and the Concert Hall. Just a 3 minute walk from the famous Vondelpark. Lovely restaurants and public transport just around the corner. The apartment has a spacious bedroom with double bed and sink, a fully equipped kitchen, a living room with double doors that opening to the terrace on the same level, a shower and a separate toilet. No elevator-on the 4th floor so stairs must not be a problem. Fully renovated in 2011.  An ideal base from which to experience everything Amsterdam has to offer. Starting off with the best coffee and sandwiches in town at my favorite Italian deli, just around the corner. And ending the day with a glass of wine in the sun on the private terrace, letting all ","Beautiful, light spacious penthouse apartment in the museum quarter  including large private terrace with view on the Concert Hall, in the heart of Amsterdam. Spacious and light. Ideal for couples. Right in the middle of Amsterdams' cultural highlights: the Van Gogh museum, Rijks museum, Stedelijk Museum and the Concert Hall. Just a 3 minute walk from the famous Vondelpark. Lovely restaurants and public transport just around the corner. The apartment has a spacious bedroom with double bed and sink, a fully equipped kitchen, a living room with double doors that opening to the terrace on the same level, a shower and a separate toilet. No elevator-on the 4th floor so stairs must not be a problem. Fully renovated in 2011.  An ideal base from which to experience everything Amsterdam has to offer. Starting off with the best coffee and sandwiches in town at my favorite Italian deli, just around the corner. And ending the day with a glass of wine in the sun on the private terrace, letting all ",,,-No smoking inside -No pets -No parties/ loud music (out of respect for my neighbours)
