"My apartment is in the famous De Pijp, which is known as the most dynamic urban neighborhood in the Netherlands. My apartment is very easy to reach and offers you a quiet space with an outdoor-terrace with quick acces to all the touristic sights. It is available for longer term 4th of May untill 3d June 2018) rentouts.","My apartment is on the ground floor and has a full-equipped kitchen (plus a washing machine), WiFi, internet, a bathroom, a bedroom with cupboard and the access to a beautiful veranda. I live in central Amsterdam, behind the famous Albert Cuyp market, two minutes from the Heineken Experience and Van Gogh museum is five minutes away. I am also a very caring host and will give you any information about the city that you need.  --- The Pijp is the coolest neighboorhood in the Netherlands. It is 'heel erg gezellig' in the typical Dutch sense, which means 'a lot of fun!' You can find anything here, plenty of pubs, restaurants, shops and tourist attractions, the Heinekenplein, in the sidestreets of the famous Albert Cuypmarket, the Heineken factory is around the corner, the museumsquare very close with the Big Three : Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum. You can find the trams 16, 24, 4, 3 and 12 and the subway at station Weesperplein nearby, which will take you anywhere in","My apartment is in the famous De Pijp, which is known as the most dynamic urban neighborhood in the Netherlands. My apartment is very easy to reach and offers you a quiet space with an outdoor-terrace with quick acces to all the touristic sights. It is available for longer term 4th of May untill 3d June 2018) rentouts. My apartment is on the ground floor and has a full-equipped kitchen (plus a washing machine), WiFi, internet, a bathroom, a bedroom with cupboard and the access to a beautiful veranda. I live in central Amsterdam, behind the famous Albert Cuyp market, two minutes from the Heineken Experience and Van Gogh museum is five minutes away. I am also a very caring host and will give you any information about the city that you need.  --- The Pijp is the coolest neighboorhood in the Netherlands. It is 'heel erg gezellig' in the typical Dutch sense, which means 'a lot of fun!' You can find anything here, plenty of pubs, restaurants, shops and tourist attractions, the Heinekenplein,","De Pijp has everything: the famous Albert Cuyp market, loads of pubs, restaurants, shops, and it is close to Heineken Experience and the MuseumQuarter with its fantastic newly renovated Rijksmuseum (Royal Museum).",De Pijp is very well located: trams (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) and 7 stop close by. The closest Metro stop is Weesperplein. ,"Welcome to my apartment. As this is private property not rented, I would appreciate it you use it as if it was your own house, with care.  Please don't smoke in the apartment. There is a terrace on which you can sit outside and smoke, please close the bedroomdoor while smoking.  You have reserved for the amount of people you have filled out in Airbnb, don't bring other guests with you.  My apartment is not suitable for pets. Sorry! Thank you very much."
