,"Hi there!  It s nice that you are looking at the advertisements of this apartment on airbnb; I’d be happy to welcome you! If you would like to have a comfortable stay at a romantic, lovely apartment that is situated at a canal in the centre of Amsterdam, this is a good opportunity. It s important for me to know a little bit about you and the reason of your visit, so please fill in your profile ☺  - Location - If you want a combination of touristic sightseeing and the coziest bars and restaurants of the city, you have found the perfect apartment. It s located at the border of three different neighborhoods: the Popular Pijp, the ‘Upcoming East’ and the City Centre. I’d be happy to give you tips about good spots and restaurants to go to. The apartment is located close to the Amstel river (which means: beautiful views and boat houses), with Carre and The Hermitage on walking distance. Around the corner you ll find the Albert Cuyp market, where you can buy fresh fruits and vegetables for a ","Hi there!  It s nice that you are looking at the advertisements of this apartment on airbnb; I’d be happy to welcome you! If you would like to have a comfortable stay at a romantic, lovely apartment that is situated at a canal in the centre of Amsterdam, this is a good opportunity. It s important for me to know a little bit about you and the reason of your visit, so please fill in your profile ☺  - Location - If you want a combination of touristic sightseeing and the coziest bars and restaurants of the city, you have found the perfect apartment. It s located at the border of three different neighborhoods: the Popular Pijp, the ‘Upcoming East’ and the City Centre. I’d be happy to give you tips about good spots and restaurants to go to. The apartment is located close to the Amstel river (which means: beautiful views and boat houses), with Carre and The Hermitage on walking distance. Around the corner you ll find the Albert Cuyp market, where you can buy fresh fruits and vegetables for a ",,,
