Great located apartment filled with all the basics you need in the middle of the most popular area in Amsterdam. The famous Albert Cuyp market along with many cosy places to eat and drink around the corner & all other places to see within minutes! ,"Mijn fijne 1 kamer appartement is rustig en tegelijk centraal gelegen in de oud amsterdamse volkswijk de Pijp, waarin zich oa de Albert Cuyp markt zich in bevindt. Ruimte genoeg voor twee personen en van alle basics voorzien! Binnen 10 minuten op alle belangrijke plekken in Amsterdam! This space is big enough for a comfortable stay for max 2 people. The location is great! Its in one of the most popular areas, de Pijp. Great thing about this street is that it's quite during the day and night and if you walk just around the corner you will be standing in the middle of the Albert Cuyp street market with all his cute bars and places te eat. Things you will have acces to - comfortable 140x200 size bed - clean sheets - clean towels - soap and toiletpaper - Wifi and TV with a lot of international channels - WC and small but big enough shower - Kitchen with necessary suplies - Microwave/Oven Combination - Kettle, Dulce Gusto, Toaster - Small fridge with a small freezing space Using the wash an","Great located apartment filled with all the basics you need in the middle of the most popular area in Amsterdam. The famous Albert Cuyp market along with many cosy places to eat and drink around the corner & all other places to see within minutes!  Mijn fijne 1 kamer appartement is rustig en tegelijk centraal gelegen in de oud amsterdamse volkswijk de Pijp, waarin zich oa de Albert Cuyp markt zich in bevindt. Ruimte genoeg voor twee personen en van alle basics voorzien! Binnen 10 minuten op alle belangrijke plekken in Amsterdam! This space is big enough for a comfortable stay for max 2 people. The location is great! Its in one of the most popular areas, de Pijp. Great thing about this street is that it's quite during the day and night and if you walk just around the corner you will be standing in the middle of the Albert Cuyp street market with all his cute bars and places te eat. Things you will have acces to - comfortable 140x200 size bed - clean sheets - clean towels - soap and toil","- Albert Cuyp street market, 1 min walk. - Sarphati park, 1 min walk. - Heineken Experience, 4 min walk. - Museum District, 10 min walk. - Shopping district starting within a 15 min walk. ","On the beginning of the Albert Cuyp market is a tramstop for Trams 16 and 24. (3 min walk)  Trams 16 and 24 will take you to  - Muntplein for starting point shopping area and Rembrandt plein (great places to go out). - Dam square, shopping, Madamme Tussouds, Red light district. - Central station",No smoking No pets
