"> perfectly located, 10 m biking to CS > 2 amazing cats will keep you company > duplex apartment of 85 qm2 > Parking in front of the door, as our guest you only pay 0,60 euro an hour > 18 qm2 roof terrace > typically Amsterdam 30’s style house filled with original details and tastefully decorated","Latherusstraat  is perfectly located and equipped to suit the needs of every individual. Take this exceptional opportunity to stay in a beautiful private home. Situated in an cosy neighborhood in the heart of Amsterdam Noord and still only 10 min away from the city centre. Our apartment is built in the typically Amsterdam 30’s style and is filled with original details and tastefully decorated with art, photography and curiosa which we have collected over the years.    It is very quiet, the only sounds to be heard are usually made by birds and Arthur and Salomon, the two cats that live here as well and are happy to welcome you.","> perfectly located, 10 m biking to CS > 2 amazing cats will keep you company > duplex apartment of 85 qm2 > Parking in front of the door, as our guest you only pay 0,60 euro an hour > 18 qm2 roof terrace > typically Amsterdam 30’s style house filled with original details and tastefully decorated Latherusstraat  is perfectly located and equipped to suit the needs of every individual. Take this exceptional opportunity to stay in a beautiful private home. Situated in an cosy neighborhood in the heart of Amsterdam Noord and still only 10 min away from the city centre. Our apartment is built in the typically Amsterdam 30’s style and is filled with original details and tastefully decorated with art, photography and curiosa which we have collected over the years.    It is very quiet, the only sounds to be heard are usually made by birds and Arthur and Salomon, the two cats that live here as well and are happy to welcome you. Latherusstraat is an duplex apartment of 85 qm2 has two bedroom, on","Amsterdam Noord is booming. There is the new film museum EYE and loads of nice restaurants , bars and shops. We are happy to give you tips. (turkish) supermarket and bakery are around the corner, a Dutch Albert Heijn is a 5 min walk away. Parking is free of charge before our house!","During the day (till 00.30): From Amsterdam Cental Station: Bus (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) stop: Mosplein 5 minutes bus ride 2 minutes walk from the apartment to the bus stop  During the night (whole night) - You can take two night-busses every 20 minutes from Central Station (the stop is called St. Nicholaaskerk, kerk = church) to our apartment: bus 361 direction Banne Buiksloot (stop Johan van Hasseltweg) or bus 363 direction Molenwijk (stop Mosplein). If you prefer to walk, it is a 15 minutes walk from Central Station to our apartment (take the ferry Buiksloterweg). By bicycle it is only 5 minutes to the ferry (direction Buiksloterweg), which will take you to Central Station in a two minute travel over the 'IJ'. The ferry to buiksloterweg runs every 5 minutes, it is free of charge and runs 24/7.",no extra pets  no smoking inside  no partys
