"We would like to invite you to this bright apartment in the middle of ""de Pijp"", a trendy area with lots of restaurants and bars.  You’ll get a charming private appartment, a kitchen and a bathroom with toilet. The apartment offers you a comfortable bed (180x200), a well-equipped bathroom with both bath and shower, TV, modern art, vintage items, and everything one needs to enjoy a lovely city stay.  WiFi, basic toiletries (incl. towels) and a great coffee machine included (you’ll love it).","The apartment is about 60 m2 and located on the third floor. This apartment has a lot of light, a big living room with an open kitchen and a balcony next to the bedroom. There is room for two guests.  Although the apartment is located in a busy neighborhood, the street itself is very quiet. The bedroom has a comfortable bed and doors that open to the balcony.","We would like to invite you to this bright apartment in the middle of ""de Pijp"", a trendy area with lots of restaurants and bars.  You’ll get a charming private appartment, a kitchen and a bathroom with toilet. The apartment offers you a comfortable bed (180x200), a well-equipped bathroom with both bath and shower, TV, modern art, vintage items, and everything one needs to enjoy a lovely city stay.  WiFi, basic toiletries (incl. towels) and a great coffee machine included (you’ll love it). The apartment is about 60 m2 and located on the third floor. This apartment has a lot of light, a big living room with an open kitchen and a balcony next to the bedroom. There is room for two guests.  Although the apartment is located in a busy neighborhood, the street itself is very quiet. The bedroom has a comfortable bed and doors that open to the balcony. Guests will have access to the complete apartment: living room, bedroom, open kitchen, bathroom. I will be available for all your questions dur",,"Tram stop just around the corner, which will easily take you to Amsterdam centre, Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein, Museumplein, etc.","- No smoking, No drugs - Respect the neighbors"
