"The house/apartment is situated in the famous trendy area ‘De Pijp’. A neighbourhood with countless cafés and bars, dining options from around the world. It’s just a 2 minute walk to the famous Albert Cuyp market and the beautiful Sarphatipark and It will take you no more than 12 minutes  to stroll to the Leidse square and 5 minutes to the Museum quarter where you will find the van Gogh museum, National museum (Rijksmuseum), Stedelijk museum and the Concert Hall. Even the RAI Congress Center is really nearby as is the connection to the airport (train station RAI or Amstel). Bus and tram stops are just around the corner, these will take you pretty much to any place in the city. The possibilities of getting around in amsterdam are truly endless…..But the best and most flexible way to discover the city is of course by bike, which can easily be rented all over the city. Some of the special features (which are included) of this apartment are:  - Free fast Wifi   - Towels will be included.  ",,"The house/apartment is situated in the famous trendy area ‘De Pijp’. A neighbourhood with countless cafés and bars, dining options from around the world. It’s just a 2 minute walk to the famous Albert Cuyp market and the beautiful Sarphatipark and It will take you no more than 12 minutes  to stroll to the Leidse square and 5 minutes to the Museum quarter where you will find the van Gogh museum, National museum (Rijksmuseum), Stedelijk museum and the Concert Hall. Even the RAI Congress Center is really nearby as is the connection to the airport (train station RAI or Amstel). Bus and tram stops are just around the corner, these will take you pretty much to any place in the city. The possibilities of getting around in amsterdam are truly endless…..But the best and most flexible way to discover the city is of course by bike, which can easily be rented all over the city. Some of the special features (which are included) of this apartment are:  - Free fast Wifi   - Towels will be included.  ",,,
