Welcome to stay in our apartment on the sunny side of Amsterdam! We're living a relaxed life at the waterfront of Amsterdam's biggest river 'het IJ'. We love to travel and swim in the sea and we adore wild animals.,"We've always received friends and traveling friends from friends in our house because we know how nice it can be to stay at a real home when you're traveling. Have you found a place to stay already? You are welcome to stay in our lovely family house in Amsterdam (with use of the bathroom, kitchen, balcony, wifi a.o.) . 10 minutes away from the center of Amsterdam and central train station walking or if you want we can help you arrange bikes. We're behind the central station, so that's crossing the 'IJ' canal with the free ferry (4 min) and then walk/cyle for five minutes to our house. Let us know if you're interested.","Welcome to stay in our apartment on the sunny side of Amsterdam! We're living a relaxed life at the waterfront of Amsterdam's biggest river 'het IJ'. We love to travel and swim in the sea and we adore wild animals. We've always received friends and traveling friends from friends in our house because we know how nice it can be to stay at a real home when you're traveling. Have you found a place to stay already? You are welcome to stay in our lovely family house in Amsterdam (with use of the bathroom, kitchen, balcony, wifi a.o.) . 10 minutes away from the center of Amsterdam and central train station walking or if you want we can help you arrange bikes. We're behind the central station, so that's crossing the 'IJ' canal with the free ferry (4 min) and then walk/cyle for five minutes to our house. Let us know if you're interested. In Amsterdam Noord only 10 minutes from Central Station my apartment is walking distance to some of Amsterdam's coolest bars/ cafes including De Ceuvel, Noorde","In Amsterdam Noord only 10 minutes from Central Station my apartment is walking distance to some of Amsterdam's coolest bars/ cafes including De Ceuvel, Noorderlicht and Pllek.  It is also very close to the Eye Museum and the new Adam tower. The apartment has great light and a beautiful view of Amsterdam Noord.",,"No smoking or drugs! Make yourself at home and that way we all can relax and feel at home. Don’t hesitate to ask us for advice, info or anything else."
