"Classy apt. with a lovely spacious living room and a modern feel. 4 people can be comfortably accommodated in our 3 bedrooms. Located on a quiet block, it's a ten minute bike ride from the center w/ loads of cool shops and café's round the corner!","Our lovely family friendly apt. is located on a quiet street in the ""Indische Buurt"". One block from the hustle & bustle Javastraat and only 10 mins. from city centre. It houses 3 bedrooms, a big bathroom, an open kitchen and a large living room. It's a unique house since all the walls have been knocked out to create a large spacious living room. We've added the top floor to the apartment to create 3 bedrooms and a big bathroom. The apartment also has a lovely balcony facing the south plus a terrace for the late sun. Total floor space is 120m2. Guests will have acces to all the facilities in the house. Whilst there are guests in the house, we will be staying elsewhere and leave the guests in peace. What I love about our neighbourhood is it's friendliness.  Our street is very quiet, but around the corner you'll find the Javastraat with it's fantastic mixture of shops from all over the world.  Public transport is very near. Train station Muiderpoort is a 7 minute walk from our house. Thi","Classy apt. with a lovely spacious living room and a modern feel. 4 people can be comfortably accommodated in our 3 bedrooms. Located on a quiet block, it's a ten minute bike ride from the center w/ loads of cool shops and café's round the corner! Our lovely family friendly apt. is located on a quiet street in the ""Indische Buurt"". One block from the hustle & bustle Javastraat and only 10 mins. from city centre. It houses 3 bedrooms, a big bathroom, an open kitchen and a large living room. It's a unique house since all the walls have been knocked out to create a large spacious living room. We've added the top floor to the apartment to create 3 bedrooms and a big bathroom. The apartment also has a lovely balcony facing the south plus a terrace for the late sun. Total floor space is 120m2. Guests will have acces to all the facilities in the house. Whilst there are guests in the house, we will be staying elsewhere and leave the guests in peace. What I love about our neighbourhood is it's ","What I love about our neighbourhood is it's friendliness. Our street is very quiet, but around the corner you'll find the Javastraat with it's fantastic mixture of shops, restaurants and coffeeshops from all over the world. ","Public transport is very near. Train station Muiderpoort is a 7 minute walk from our house. This makes it very easy to get here from Schiphol airport and back. Tram 14 and 7 and 3 will take you throughout the whole city. There's also busses like the 22, that goes straight to central station.","We prefer (young) families to stay at our house. We expect them to respect our house and it's interior decoration and treat it like it's their own. We've got a male cat called Tony, which is very friendly and great with kids. Sometimes we take our cat with us. In that case all regular pets you'd like to bring are very welcome. In case Tony stays, we'd like you to feed it and pet it every now and again.  In case you stay longer that 4 days, we'd like you to take care of our flowers and plants and water them frequently. Smoking is allowed on the covered balcony or on the roof terrace."
