"Beautifully located in the center of Amsterdam. Within walking distance to the Anne Frank, van Gogh and Rijksmuseum. As well as the Leidseplein. We have a fully equipped house with a new bathtub. Perfect for your holiday in Amsterdam.","Enjoy your holiday in Amsterdam by staying at our vintage apartment filled with all conveniences.  When you enter our home you will find yourself in spacious living room, styled with vintage furniture. The big windows allow the sunlight to enter in the house the entire day, making the house bright and cheerful. At night you'll have an ambient feel in the house, because of the city lights. (Leidseplein is only a 5 minutes on foot!).  If you love cooking, you'll love love love our kitchen! We are proud to have a Smeg 6 burner oven and all possible kitchen utilities to prepare a proper feast. When you like to be culinary adventurous, restaurants, delis and bistros are just literally around the corner. Try the Burgermeester for their homemade burgers. You'll love it! Basically you can just go around the corner and enjoy all the eclectic restaurants and delis of the Elandsgracht. You'll have something local in the quite part of the city center. When you just feel like lounging and taking a ","Beautifully located in the center of Amsterdam. Within walking distance to the Anne Frank, van Gogh and Rijksmuseum. As well as the Leidseplein. We have a fully equipped house with a new bathtub. Perfect for your holiday in Amsterdam. Enjoy your holiday in Amsterdam by staying at our vintage apartment filled with all conveniences.  When you enter our home you will find yourself in spacious living room, styled with vintage furniture. The big windows allow the sunlight to enter in the house the entire day, making the house bright and cheerful. At night you'll have an ambient feel in the house, because of the city lights. (Leidseplein is only a 5 minutes on foot!).  If you love cooking, you'll love love love our kitchen! We are proud to have a Smeg 6 burner oven and all possible kitchen utilities to prepare a proper feast. When you like to be culinary adventurous, restaurants, delis and bistros are just literally around the corner. Try the Burgermeester for their homemade burgers. You'll ",,,"Please treat our home with the same respect and love, like you treat your own. Mi casa e tu casa. Anything broken, damaged or not functioning, please notify me (I will be kind, promise ^_^). It is easier to solve it, than create a problem. We suppose you will agree with us that we both don't want to go through the hassle of claiming the security deposit of 500 euros.  Please forward your time of arrival and please let me know when you need to depart. Should you experience any delay, please communicate when it is more than 2 hours.  Check-ins are quite flexible, unless I still have guests checking out on the same day. If this is the case, then allow me to prepare the house for you and welcome you at 14.00. You can already drop your luggage at the house if you like.  Check out is quite flexible as well, unless I have guests arriving on the same day. Please allow me to prepare the house for them.The check-out is ideally at 11.00, however, if you feel like snoozing for another hour, then I"
