"In the middle of the Jordaan Area we have a lovely apartment, with a large sunny balcony. The apartment is divided into a cozy living room with open kitchen and a bedroom with in-suite bathroom, including a bath! Just a 15-minute walk from Central Station! You can reach almost every attraction by foot. The area has a lot of restaurants and bars, so you will never get bored. Overall, this is a great apartment for a stay in Amsterdam!",The apartment has a lot to offer! It is located in a very popular area in the city centre.  The living room is very comfortable and it is a great place to rest after a long day of walking. The kitchen has everything you need to cook a great meal! The bedroom has a very comfortable king sized bed where you can really rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. The bathroom is great and you can really relax in the bath. I am sure you will enjoy your stay in this apartment!,"In the middle of the Jordaan Area we have a lovely apartment, with a large sunny balcony. The apartment is divided into a cozy living room with open kitchen and a bedroom with in-suite bathroom, including a bath! Just a 15-minute walk from Central Station! You can reach almost every attraction by foot. The area has a lot of restaurants and bars, so you will never get bored. Overall, this is a great apartment for a stay in Amsterdam! The apartment has a lot to offer! It is located in a very popular area in the city centre.  The living room is very comfortable and it is a great place to rest after a long day of walking. The kitchen has everything you need to cook a great meal! The bedroom has a very comfortable king sized bed where you can really rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. The bathroom is great and you can really relax in the bath. I am sure you will enjoy your stay in this apartment! Guests are invited to enjoy the whole apartment. Make yourself at home! If ","Our apartment is in the centre of Amsterdam in the cosy Jordan area (de Jordaan), close to many touristic highlights (the Anne Frank house is only 5 minutes away!). Around the corner are lots of lovely restaurants and bars, every Monday and Saturday there are street markets (including a biological market on Saturday) and there are 3 supermarkets within walking distance.","From Schiphol you can either take a taxi (20-25 minutes, around €45) or take the train to Central Station (15 minutes). The apartment is just 15 minutes on foot from Central Station. If you prefer to save your feet for all the walking you'll be doing, you can also take tram 13 or 17 from Central Station to Westermarkt (5 minutes from our house).","Just a few simple rules: - Please think of our neighbors - Please only smoke outside on the balcony - No more than 2 guests - Most of all, have fun!"
