"Lovely modern house near the City Centre. Whole house with sunny roof topterras & garage, free parking! Situated in the popular Eastern Docklands area of Amsterdam known for it's new architecture and urban design. A home perfect for a Family, just 10 minutes from the City Centre, with public transport very close that wil take you to Amsterdam Central Station in minutes.","A spacious living room with great view. Two bedrooms with double beds. A bathroom, a rooftop terrace and a fully equipped kitchen with large dining table.","Lovely modern house near the City Centre. Whole house with sunny roof topterras & garage, free parking! Situated in the popular Eastern Docklands area of Amsterdam known for it's new architecture and urban design. A home perfect for a Family, just 10 minutes from the City Centre, with public transport very close that wil take you to Amsterdam Central Station in minutes. A spacious living room with great view. Two bedrooms with double beds. A bathroom, a rooftop terrace and a fully equipped kitchen with large dining table. You will have the house to yourself. If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will make sure someone will be there to welcome you, show you around and answer all your questions. The harbour function of the Amsterdam Docklands - also called Eastern Docklands Amsterdam - existed only for some 100 years. In the last decade of the 20th century the district became available for housing. A big portion of the architectonic talent in the Netherlands, together with renowned for","The harbour function of the Amsterdam Docklands - also called Eastern Docklands Amsterdam - existed only for some 100 years. In the last decade of the 20th century the district became available for housing. A big portion of the architectonic talent in the Netherlands, together with renowned foreign colleagues, was mobilized to create a waterfront that is almost matchlessly. This area is all about this new architecture and urban design. The area is also an excellent example of how you can mix the past with the present time. The harbour structure with its quays and deep basins was preserved, many old buildings got a new function. After the decline of the harbour many artists and tramps  moved to the district, introducing an era of wild culture. That's already history, but as a result gradually a culture belt arose around the banks of the river IJ. Today you'll easily  find your way in the Eastern Docklands for music and theatre, museums and expositions, and for a nice evening out.",From Schiphol airport just take the train to Amsterdam Central Station. Go to the bus stop CS IJ side and take bus 48 direction Borneo Eiland. Exit at bus stop R.J.H. Fortuynplein. From there it's just a 3 min. walk to my home.,"- Please take off your shoes GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------"
