"My new renovated appartement in Amsterdam Oud-Zuid is a perfect space for a weekend getaway (or longer) for 2 people. The lovely appartement is situated on the first Floor and has a nice waterview. Amsterdam city center is 10 minutes away by tram or bike. The museum quarter ( Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk museum) is located only 5 minutes away.",My new renovated appartement in Amsterdam Oud-Zuid is a perfect space for a weekend getaway (or longer) for 2 people. The lovely appartement is situated on the first floor and has a nice waterview. The appartement is just renovated. The lovely and light appartement has a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with a separate toilet in the hall. All furniture is modern and practical. Unlimited WIFI available. Towels & sheets are included.,"My new renovated appartement in Amsterdam Oud-Zuid is a perfect space for a weekend getaway (or longer) for 2 people. The lovely appartement is situated on the first Floor and has a nice waterview. Amsterdam city center is 10 minutes away by tram or bike. The museum quarter ( Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk museum) is located only 5 minutes away. My new renovated appartement in Amsterdam Oud-Zuid is a perfect space for a weekend getaway (or longer) for 2 people. The lovely appartement is situated on the first floor and has a nice waterview. The appartement is just renovated. The lovely and light appartement has a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with a separate toilet in the hall. All furniture is modern and practical. Unlimited WIFI available. Towels & sheets are included. The whole appartement. Located in a really lovely spacious neigbourhood called Stadionbuurt. Close to some amazing restaurants. Vondelpark is just 5 minutes away by bike. It's the perfect location to move around by",Located in a really lovely spacious neigbourhood called Stadionbuurt. Close to some amazing restaurants. Vondelpark is just 5 minutes away by bike.,It's the perfect location to move around by public transport or bike. From the appartement it's 2 minutes walk to 'Haarlemmermeerstation' here you can take the tram to the city centre. You can reach the city centre within 10 minutes. Museumsquare is just 5 minutes by tram. Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is easily reachable by bus (20 minutes).,Smoking only outside at the balcony. It's not allowed for pets. No party's or events. Check in time from 12:00.
