"Our house is in a quiet neighbourhood, only 10 minutes from the city centre.","Our house is a beautiful corner brown stone desinged by the famous architecht Berlage at a quiet square with very little traffic, in the eastern part of Amsterdam.  On the second floor two students rent.  The house is situated in a quiet part, but very close to the city: some 10 minutes (by bike or subway) away from the centre and Central Station, and 5 minutes from the Amstel Station, for trains, subway and busses, also close to the Ring without the hassle of traffic noises.  So you are close to the attractions of the city, in a cosy multicultural neighbourhood with lots of shops, café's and restaurants and two charming city parks.","Our house is in a quiet neighbourhood, only 10 minutes from the city centre. Our house is a beautiful corner brown stone desinged by the famous architecht Berlage at a quiet square with very little traffic, in the eastern part of Amsterdam.  On the second floor two students rent.  The house is situated in a quiet part, but very close to the city: some 10 minutes (by bike or subway) away from the centre and Central Station, and 5 minutes from the Amstel Station, for trains, subway and busses, also close to the Ring without the hassle of traffic noises.  So you are close to the attractions of the city, in a cosy multicultural neighbourhood with lots of shops, café's and restaurants and two charming city parks. First floor: backroom including adjacent balcony and terrace and bathroom next to it. At arrival and when leaving, unless different arrangements are made. Our neighbourhood is full of wonderful small not too expensive shops with fruits, fish, wine and some lovely bakeries. There ar","Our neighbourhood is full of wonderful small not too expensive shops with fruits, fish, wine and some lovely bakeries. There are some supermarkets around the corner.  There are also an number of great cafés and restaurants with great food and great atmosphere.  Our house lies in between two beautiful city parks with lots of room for playing and picknicking.  A stroll along the Ringdijk brings you to either the Amstel river or the lovely Watergraafsmeer with more shops and restaurants.","Our house is within walking distance of subway station (Wibaut) and the Amstel Station with trains, metros, busses and trams that take your right into the center, either the central station or the museum quarter, with 10 to 15 minutes.",
