"Our sunny apartment with two bedrooms offers a comfortable stay for up to  4 persons in the heart of Amsterdam. It is equipped with a large kitchen, WiFi, a great bathroom and sunny garden on the South side. Centrally located and easily accessible.","It is a spacious and luxurious apartment with lovely garden with sun in summer from 12:00-19:00. The apartment was recently renovated and was build in the famous Amsterdam 1900's style. The apartment has all convenience such as WiFi,  great bathroom (including large bath!) and cozy living room, TV (with Netflix). The kitchen is brand new and offers great cooking (but also the nearby restaurants offer awesome food!). Upon your request, a fifth person could sleep on our large and comfortable couch in the living room (the windows have curtains which can be closed). You will definitely enjoy your stay here!","Our sunny apartment with two bedrooms offers a comfortable stay for up to  4 persons in the heart of Amsterdam. It is equipped with a large kitchen, WiFi, a great bathroom and sunny garden on the South side. Centrally located and easily accessible. It is a spacious and luxurious apartment with lovely garden with sun in summer from 12:00-19:00. The apartment was recently renovated and was build in the famous Amsterdam 1900's style. The apartment has all convenience such as WiFi,  great bathroom (including large bath!) and cozy living room, TV (with Netflix). The kitchen is brand new and offers great cooking (but also the nearby restaurants offer awesome food!). Upon your request, a fifth person could sleep on our large and comfortable couch in the living room (the windows have curtains which can be closed). You will definitely enjoy your stay here! Guests can enter all rooms and have access to all facilities in the apartment including the garden. We will not be in the apartment during y","Quiet neighborhood, very close to the river Amstel and  great terraces, musea, restaurants and just 10 minutes by bike from Leidseplein and Rijksmuseum. Also a good tip: take tram 4 (which is just 5 minutes away), which goes straight through all nice places of Amsterdam (e.g. Keizersgracht, Prinsengracht, Leidseplein, Dam Square) and ends at the Central Station). Or take tram 12 going to the Rijksmuseum, Concert hall, Van Gogh Museum and the luxurious shopping street ""P.C. Hooftstraat"".","It is 5 minutes walking to Tram station ""Victorieplein"" from where the Tram goes directly to the city centre, and 10 minutes walking to Metro and Train station ""Amsterdam Amstel"".","We expect our guests to keep the house nice and clean, just like we will do upon your arrival. Smoking is not allowed in the apartment, but can be done in our (private) garden. Please respect our neighbours."
