,"Very quiet house with backyard and garden square. Ideal for kids on a perfect location in Amsterdam.  (sorry no groups or young people) Close to public transport and 20 minutes by bike to the center. There are 5 bikes available for you. The house has three floor and covers in total 150m2 inside. It has a sunny garden of 60m2. Ground floor: spacious living room with open kitchen and patio doors to the garden. TV and free WIFI. 1st floor: bedroom with master bedroom, a small bedroom with a single bed and a study room with beautiful view. The study room has a sofa bed for 2 persons. 2nd floor: 2 bedrooms with 1 bed. 10 minutes walk to restaurant De Kas or Merkelbach (up market) or Restaurant La Vallade, 1900 or Polder (easygoing). The Artis Zoo is 10 minutes away. A daily market - ""Dappermarkt"" - and the Tropical Museum are literally around the corner. We have great neighbours, a good supermarket and delicatessen shops nearby. A village atmosphere, yet close to everything Amsterdam has to","Very quiet house with backyard and garden square. Ideal for kids on a perfect location in Amsterdam.  (sorry no groups or young people) Close to public transport and 20 minutes by bike to the center. There are 5 bikes available for you. The house has three floor and covers in total 150m2 inside. It has a sunny garden of 60m2. Ground floor: spacious living room with open kitchen and patio doors to the garden. TV and free WIFI. 1st floor: bedroom with master bedroom, a small bedroom with a single bed and a study room with beautiful view. The study room has a sofa bed for 2 persons. 2nd floor: 2 bedrooms with 1 bed. 10 minutes walk to restaurant De Kas or Merkelbach (up market) or Restaurant La Vallade, 1900 or Polder (easygoing). The Artis Zoo is 10 minutes away. A daily market - ""Dappermarkt"" - and the Tropical Museum are literally around the corner. We have great neighbours, a good supermarket and delicatessen shops nearby. A village atmosphere, yet close to everything Amsterdam has to",,,We expect our guests to leave the house in the same order as it was when they arrived.  But we sometimes break things also so please feel at home!!
