Situated in Amsterdam East only 10 minutes from the centre you’ll find our spacious and modern groundfloor apartment with small but great garden. It is build in 1912 and completely renovated in 2011. families only |(max 2 adults & kids),"OUR HOUSE The kitchen has wide opening doors with access to the garden. Our garden has more than enough space for a nice diner or BBQ. We love to cook so you'll find a well equipped design kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, double oven, steam oven and microwave. Good equipment (like knives, ‘ le creuset’ pans, utensils etc) and lots of tableware are all there to have some lovely diners at home!   Next to the open kitchen you will find a dining table serving 6 people and the open fire, we just love to sit here, warm and cozy! Ofcourse woodblocks are available. The other end of the living room is for relaxing and watching TV.  There are 3  bedrooms: 1 double bedroom, 2 small children bedrooms (  1 with bunkbed JUNIOR SIZE, 1 with highbed (normal size). If you don’t need a junior bed, it’s also possible to put a matress on the ground. Our comfortable bathroom has a bath with jetstream  and rainshower.  The house is equipped with wireless internet.  A Washingmachine/ dryer are there for you ","Situated in Amsterdam East only 10 minutes from the centre you’ll find our spacious and modern groundfloor apartment with small but great garden. It is build in 1912 and completely renovated in 2011. families only |(max 2 adults & kids) OUR HOUSE The kitchen has wide opening doors with access to the garden. Our garden has more than enough space for a nice diner or BBQ. We love to cook so you'll find a well equipped design kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, double oven, steam oven and microwave. Good equipment (like knives, ‘ le creuset’ pans, utensils etc) and lots of tableware are all there to have some lovely diners at home!   Next to the open kitchen you will find a dining table serving 6 people and the open fire, we just love to sit here, warm and cozy! Ofcourse woodblocks are available. The other end of the living room is for relaxing and watching TV.  There are 3  bedrooms: 1 double bedroom, 2 small children bedrooms (  1 with bunkbed JUNIOR SIZE, 1 with highbed (normal size). If y",Upcoming Area of Amsterdam East with shops and bars/restaurants. Very lively neighbourhood!,"You won't need a car, public transport (10 minutes to the centre) is 5 minute walk. Bycicle is the best transport so rent a bike around the corner!","max 2 adults, all adults should be 30 years or older! treat our house with respect no pets no parties"
