"Ground floor appartment with a large open kitchen with all amenities, a new bathroom with bath and shower, 1 masterbedroom, a nice living room and a lovely garden. Style of the interior I would describe as cosy trendy. 3 min. walk of The Jordaan, 10 min. Of the Dam square and 5 min. Of the Hallen.","My lovely and cosy newly refurbished appartment is just 2 minutes walk to the famous Jordaan! And the only street in the centre of Amsterdam which still has an original windmill in the street! My house is a ground floor appartment with a large open kitchen with all amenities, a new bathroom with bath and shower, 1 masterbedroom, a nice living room and a lovely garden. Style of the interior I would describe as cosy trendy. I have TV, stereo and of course wifi.  The supermarket is around the corner. As well as many nice cafes, bars and restaurants. The Westerkerk, Anne Frank House and Noordermarkt are just a 5 minute walk away!   Since we Just started our own businesses we did not rent out our house a lot the last years, because we were home all the time. But when we have the availability to go on holiday, we would love people to stay in our place and Enjoy the vibrant area.  When you book I can of course give you personal advice according to your wishes in order to make the most of your","Ground floor appartment with a large open kitchen with all amenities, a new bathroom with bath and shower, 1 masterbedroom, a nice living room and a lovely garden. Style of the interior I would describe as cosy trendy. 3 min. walk of The Jordaan, 10 min. Of the Dam square and 5 min. Of the Hallen. My lovely and cosy newly refurbished appartment is just 2 minutes walk to the famous Jordaan! And the only street in the centre of Amsterdam which still has an original windmill in the street! My house is a ground floor appartment with a large open kitchen with all amenities, a new bathroom with bath and shower, 1 masterbedroom, a nice living room and a lovely garden. Style of the interior I would describe as cosy trendy. I have TV, stereo and of course wifi.  The supermarket is around the corner. As well as many nice cafes, bars and restaurants. The Westerkerk, Anne Frank House and Noordermarkt are just a 5 minute walk away!   Since we Just started our own businesses we did not rent out our ","Very close to The Jordaan, the Hallen and Westerpark and round The corner of The Hugo The Grootplein with lots of nice bars and cafés. 10 min. Walk from Anne frank house, 10/15 min. Walk from Dam square.  Supermarket, chemistry etc Also round The corner.  Close to all musea you would like to visit.","From Schiphol you take the train to Amsterdam central station.  From Amsterdam central station you can take citybus 18 ( direction ' slotervaart') or 21 ( direction ' geuzenveld') which will bring you to our house in 9 min to the stop ' prins Hendrik plantsoen'. From there it is 300 m to our house. Or you can take tram 17 ( direction ' Osdorp dijkgraafplein'), go out at stop ' Marnixstraat/ rozengracht' , from there it is 800 m walk to our house.  If you are lightly packed, it is also a good option to walk from The central station to our house. It will take about 20/25 min. And it is a nice walk along the canals and through the Jordaan.",Smoking and pets are not allowed.
