You want the best of both worlds? Sleep well in a quiet and beautiful area of Amsterdam and yet close to the city center for all the hustle and bustle? Don't look any further!,"This house is situated in the Eastern Docklands close to the City Center of Amsterdam. The street is known worldwide for its interesting architecture. Steps away from the frontdoor of the house is a wonderful scaffold for early morning coffee and late afternoon drinks watching the sunset. The neighbourhood has a friendly atmosphere.  A 10 minute bus ride (bus 48) will bring you to the heart of the City Center of Amsterdam. Bus stops at the end of the street, just a 100m from the house. Or you can take the bikes that are free available for use.   Description of the house: You enter the house on the groundfloor. Step into the hall and you will find a seperate toilet. The first flight of stairs will bring you to a spacious living room with open kitchen . The kitchen is provided with all the necessary amenities to cook extensive dinners or prepare a quick lunch. The owners of the house are artists. Their warm and artistic style can be found in small details of their decoration. The living ","You want the best of both worlds? Sleep well in a quiet and beautiful area of Amsterdam and yet close to the city center for all the hustle and bustle? Don't look any further! This house is situated in the Eastern Docklands close to the City Center of Amsterdam. The street is known worldwide for its interesting architecture. Steps away from the frontdoor of the house is a wonderful scaffold for early morning coffee and late afternoon drinks watching the sunset. The neighbourhood has a friendly atmosphere.  A 10 minute bus ride (bus 48) will bring you to the heart of the City Center of Amsterdam. Bus stops at the end of the street, just a 100m from the house. Or you can take the bikes that are free available for use.   Description of the house: You enter the house on the groundfloor. Step into the hall and you will find a seperate toilet. The first flight of stairs will bring you to a spacious living room with open kitchen . The kitchen is provided with all the necessary amenities to co",Vriendelijke sfeer en beroemd om zijn architectuur.,Op 100m loopafstand van het huis is een bushalte.,Please respect my space
