"Apartment on a perfect spot in Amsterdam Oud-West, between the city centre, the Jordaan and the Pijp, close to the Vondelpark. In the friendly and non-touristy neighbourhood you'll find plenty of bars and restaurants, boutiques and a daily market.","The apartment (54m2) on 1st floor has a light and spacious living room with a large tv, bathroom with a shower and toilet. There is one bedroom with a super comfortable double bed (180cm X 210cm). Sheets & towels are provided and there's a fast Wi-Fi connection.  The kitchen is provided with a cooking plate on gas, a fridge, an oven/microwave, a full automatic coffer machine (beans), a wash machine, a wash dryer and a dish washer.","Apartment on a perfect spot in Amsterdam Oud-West, between the city centre, the Jordaan and the Pijp, close to the Vondelpark. In the friendly and non-touristy neighbourhood you'll find plenty of bars and restaurants, boutiques and a daily market. The apartment (54m2) on 1st floor has a light and spacious living room with a large tv, bathroom with a shower and toilet. There is one bedroom with a super comfortable double bed (180cm X 210cm). Sheets & towels are provided and there's a fast Wi-Fi connection.  The kitchen is provided with a cooking plate on gas, a fridge, an oven/microwave, a full automatic coffer machine (beans), a wash machine, a wash dryer and a dish washer. The appartment complex has an central entrance ground floor with stairs up to the private appartments. The appartment has a balcony (west located, sun in the morning and afternoon). We arrange a personal check-in with our visitors and hand-over the keys of our appartment. After rental period we arrange a personal ch","Around the apartment you'll find all types of little cafes, bars and restaurants for the perfect night out - no matter what type of food you prefer. There's the daily Ten Kate market (except Sundays) where you'll find great bread, cheese, sandwiches and plenty of fresh fruit & vegetables. Recently and very closeby the local good market openend it's doors called The Hallen, for more information see (URL HIDDEN)","The apartment is ideally located to discover Amsterdam on foot. However, if you prefer public transport there are 2 different tram lines right in front of the apartment: 7 and 17 (with connections to all other Lines). They run every 10-15 mins to Central Station, Anne Frank House, Dam square, Amstel Station, the Pijp, Jordaan, Heineken experience, Museum square and plenty of other sites.",- Do not make noise during the nights with respect to our neightboors - Do not smoke inside (on balcony allowed)
