"Welcome!  The apartment is close to the city centre and RAI, by feet its like 15 min to the famous Leidseplein & Vondelpark. You can also take the tram, its a 5 min walk to the tramstop.  Supermarkets and all basic shops are around the corner ","Welcome!  The apartment is close to the city centre and RAI, by feet its like 15 min to the famous Leidseplein & Vondelpark. You can also take the tram, its a 5 min walk to the tramstop.  Supermarkets and all basic shops are around the corner  This cosy yet spacious and modern apartment is located right in the center of Amsterdam's most vibrant and central neigbourhood: de Rivierenbuurt! Not far away from the famous Albert Cuyp market, Museum area, plenty of shops, restaurants, a cinema, a park and near to all forms of public transportation. The big living room faces the street, and has a cosy television corner with a large sofa. The romantic bedroom is big and has doors which open to the big terrace outside. Furthermore, there is a bathroom with a bath, sink and toilet. The apartment is located on the second floor of the building, where there is no elevator, but stairs. The living space is quiet and with plenty of light. The bedroom is located at the back of the apartment, facing a la","Welcome!  The apartment is close to the city centre and RAI, by feet its like 15 min to the famous Leidseplein & Vondelpark. You can also take the tram, its a 5 min walk to the tramstop.  Supermarkets and all basic shops are around the corner  Welcome!  The apartment is close to the city centre and RAI, by feet its like 15 min to the famous Leidseplein & Vondelpark. You can also take the tram, its a 5 min walk to the tramstop.  Supermarkets and all basic shops are around the corner  This cosy yet spacious and modern apartment is located right in the center of Amsterdam's most vibrant and central neigbourhood: de Rivierenbuurt! Not far away from the famous Albert Cuyp market, Museum area, plenty of shops, restaurants, a cinema, a park and near to all forms of public transportation. The big living room faces the street, and has a cosy television corner with a large sofa. The romantic bedroom is big and has doors which open to the big terrace outside. Furthermore, there is a bathroom with",,"From this area, anywhere in Amsterdam takes ten minutes by bike or public transportation. Tram lines 12 and 25 are 100 meters away from the appartment building.",No smoking appartement and pets are not allowed
