You and your family or friends will feel at home in our light and spacious (125+m2) apartment (3th/4th floor). In quiet street and close to city centre. Starting 2015 we have finished a redecoration and rebuilding with a great architect.  ,"Our light and spacious (125+ m2) apartment (3th and 4th floor) is situated in Amsterdam, in the lovely and lively Oud West area.  Starting 2015, we have finished a redecoration and rebuilding with a great architect. Our house has three bedrooms and one large bathroom and is ideal for those who like a spacious but cosy house.  We can host a family of 5. Or four adults. We have 2 double beds  of which one is a king size with auping matrasses (see picture). In our daughters bedroom there is a new so called high sleeper (matrass: 90 cm x 2.00 m)   We furnished it scandinavian style, which matches perfectly with the style of the house: modern with authentic details such as the original wooden staircase, beamed ceiling in the master bedroom and edited ceilings in the living and kitchen area. Just off our quiet and green street you will find all the shops you need, as well as great coffee and various restaurants and nice cafe's. Whether you are in need of a supermarket, a department store (HE","You and your family or friends will feel at home in our light and spacious (125+m2) apartment (3th/4th floor). In quiet street and close to city centre. Starting 2015 we have finished a redecoration and rebuilding with a great architect.  Our light and spacious (125+ m2) apartment (3th and 4th floor) is situated in Amsterdam, in the lovely and lively Oud West area.  Starting 2015, we have finished a redecoration and rebuilding with a great architect. Our house has three bedrooms and one large bathroom and is ideal for those who like a spacious but cosy house.  We can host a family of 5. Or four adults. We have 2 double beds  of which one is a king size with auping matrasses (see picture). In our daughters bedroom there is a new so called high sleeper (matrass: 90 cm x 2.00 m)   We furnished it scandinavian style, which matches perfectly with the style of the house: modern with authentic details such as the original wooden staircase, beamed ceiling in the master bedroom and edited ceili","The ""Oud-West"" (Old West) area is lively and vibrant village-like neighborhood in a big city with everything you need and want in walking distance: nice shops, grocery stores, organic food, cafes, a market, a cinema, a library and lots of playgrounds.",Tram stop is just around the corner.,We have put a lot of love and effort into making our home as great as it is and we hope our guests will appreciate that and treat the things with care.  House rules will provided upon arrival.
