"La Vita en Belle (life is beautiful) is a spacious HOUSEBOAT with all comfort and lovely TERRACE. Ideal for 2 couples, 4 friends or a family. Day market, Leidseplein, Jordaan, Vondelpark or Museumplein at walking distance.","EXPERIENCE Amsterdam the original way, on a canal in a houseboat.  TASTE the special atmosphere of living on water. The ever changing perspective, the light, the sparkling water, the visiting goose and swans. ENJOY the large and spacious terrace for your morning coffee, or evening wine. EXPLORE the environment! There is the liveley daymarket ‘Ten Katemarkt’ just around the corner with fresh fruit and vegetables, bread, fish and groceries. There are shopping streets nearby, supermarkets and characteristic specialty shops, like Ari’s outlet, antiques, a taylor, design furniture, and the largest chartshop in Holland. If you don’t want to cook there are restaurants, bars, cafe’s, lunchrooms of every nationality in the area. Then off course there is the Museumplein with the Van Goghmuseaum, the Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk museum and the ‘Concertgebouw’. For other cultural needs there is Paradiso, The Melkweg for live music and a variety of filmtheaters. For more facy shopping and fashion ","La Vita en Belle (life is beautiful) is a spacious HOUSEBOAT with all comfort and lovely TERRACE. Ideal for 2 couples, 4 friends or a family. Day market, Leidseplein, Jordaan, Vondelpark or Museumplein at walking distance. EXPERIENCE Amsterdam the original way, on a canal in a houseboat.  TASTE the special atmosphere of living on water. The ever changing perspective, the light, the sparkling water, the visiting goose and swans. ENJOY the large and spacious terrace for your morning coffee, or evening wine. EXPLORE the environment! There is the liveley daymarket ‘Ten Katemarkt’ just around the corner with fresh fruit and vegetables, bread, fish and groceries. There are shopping streets nearby, supermarkets and characteristic specialty shops, like Ari’s outlet, antiques, a taylor, design furniture, and the largest chartshop in Holland. If you don’t want to cook there are restaurants, bars, cafe’s, lunchrooms of every nationality in the area. Then off course there is the Museumplein with t","The neighborhood, 'the Old West' lies directly next to the center. It is only a few minutes walk to park or museum.  Directly around the corner starts the day market. Food, drink and shops in the immediate area. ",,We want you to feel comfortable and at home en expect you to treat te house as your own! Please note that it is a quiet neighborhood and we like to keep it that way.
