,"Magnificent Penthouse city center, 3 bedrooms, 2 twinbeds, 2 baby cots, 1 bathroom. Completely renovated penthouse of approx (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) appartment situated on the street and first floor. With panoramic views over the canal on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. In Leidseplein Neighborhood (Jordan).  The apartment has an entrance on the street floor and on the first floor. First floor is; you enter in a hallway with a toilet and then on the right is a door which leads to the very bright open living floor. On the front we find the very bright living room and to the rear is the dining room with the new U-shaped modern kitchen with appliances. The street floor consists of three bedrooms and one bathroom. The master bedroom has a private entrance to the garden (60 m2) and has a double bed, the second bedroom has one single children’s bed and a sofa which can be turned into a double bed, and the third bedroom has single bed (you can put a baby cot here, which we can ","Magnificent Penthouse city center, 3 bedrooms, 2 twinbeds, 2 baby cots, 1 bathroom. Completely renovated penthouse of approx (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) appartment situated on the street and first floor. With panoramic views over the canal on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. In Leidseplein Neighborhood (Jordan).  The apartment has an entrance on the street floor and on the first floor. First floor is; you enter in a hallway with a toilet and then on the right is a door which leads to the very bright open living floor. On the front we find the very bright living room and to the rear is the dining room with the new U-shaped modern kitchen with appliances. The street floor consists of three bedrooms and one bathroom. The master bedroom has a private entrance to the garden (60 m2) and has a double bed, the second bedroom has one single children’s bed and a sofa which can be turned into a double bed, and the third bedroom has single bed (you can put a baby cot here, which we can ","Close to many shops and restaurants, public transport around the corner (Leidseplein, heart of the centre) and right in the middle of te Jordan. Furhtermore the Anne Frankhouse is a 10 minute walk. The museum area is 10 min walk form this place. Vondelpark is around the corner.  The apartment is suitable for families, business travelers.",,Absolutely no pets and no smoking.  Due to the quiet aspect of the building we do not accept students or bachelor(retes) parties.
