"This apartment will be yours during your stay in Amsterdam. Lovely appartment with a double bed.  By bike or by tram you can reach the Vondelparc in 3 minutes and you can take a tram to the middle of the center in 10 minutes. Schiphol is 10 minutes away (taxi/cab).  This apartment will make the best of your stay in Amsterdam. Very fast wifi (just fixed) and television in bed. You have a lovely balcony to enjoy your breakfast, lunch or diner! Take a look!",There is a double bed available for 2 persons. Making use of 3rd bed there will be an extra payment of 50 euro.,"This apartment will be yours during your stay in Amsterdam. Lovely appartment with a double bed.  By bike or by tram you can reach the Vondelparc in 3 minutes and you can take a tram to the middle of the center in 10 minutes. Schiphol is 10 minutes away (taxi/cab).  This apartment will make the best of your stay in Amsterdam. Very fast wifi (just fixed) and television in bed. You have a lovely balcony to enjoy your breakfast, lunch or diner! Take a look! There is a double bed available for 2 persons. Making use of 3rd bed there will be an extra payment of 50 euro. You will get acces to my whole appartement. I will be there to welcome you and will hand over the key and make you familiar with the house. I will always be there to help you out and you can reach me on my mobile number. Most of the time I will make sure you can reach out to some one in neighborhood when I am traveling to help you on feeling comfortable in the house. This neighborhood is one of the best places to stay (very p","This neighborhood is one of the best places to stay (very popular among Amsterdam people) and is a nice hotspot/trendy because of its great accessibility to all spots (schiphol, city center, museum, famous vondelparc etc.). With a nice restaurant terras at 5 seconds walking from my house (at the corner of the street) this neighborhood has all the comfort to make you feel welcome in the city.","1 minute walk to tram, 4 minutes from Vondelpark in 7 minutes into centrum of Amsterdam by bike.",Please leave your shoes in hall.  No parties in the house and please do not smoke inside.
