"1 MINUTE WALKING DISTANCE FROM START & FINISH AMSTERDAM MARATHON. BEST LOCATION FOR RUNNERS AND SUPPORTERS IN THE CITY. Great light & brightful ground floor apartment with 1 bedroom, large living room and seperate kitchen. And the best thing is you even will have a sunny garden with lounge area and barbecue; outdoor dining possibilities","* Ground floor apartment with 1 bedrooms, large living room, separate kitchen, total surface 70 sqm. * Sunny garden with barbecue; outdoor dining possibilities * Fully equipped kitchen, including Nespresso * 1 Bedroom with king size double bed * Sonos sound system * Free wifi * Quiet street, close to restaurants, bars, butcher, bakery, supermarket, delicatessen shop * Simple bathroom including full bath with shower; separate toilet * 10 minutes walking distance to Vondelpark * 20 minutes by direct bus to Amsterdam Schiphol airport, * 2 minutes walking distance to tram and subway, with direct connection to city center, 10 minutes walking to Amsterdam Zuid train station. * 1 MINUTE WALKING DISTANCE FROM START & FINISH AMSTERDAM MARATHON. BEST LOCATION FOR RUNNERS AND SUPPORTERS IN THE CITY.","1 MINUTE WALKING DISTANCE FROM START & FINISH AMSTERDAM MARATHON. BEST LOCATION FOR RUNNERS AND SUPPORTERS IN THE CITY. Great light & brightful ground floor apartment with 1 bedroom, large living room and seperate kitchen. And the best thing is you even will have a sunny garden with lounge area and barbecue; outdoor dining possibilities * Ground floor apartment with 1 bedrooms, large living room, separate kitchen, total surface 70 sqm. * Sunny garden with barbecue; outdoor dining possibilities * Fully equipped kitchen, including Nespresso * 1 Bedroom with king size double bed * Sonos sound system * Free wifi * Quiet street, close to restaurants, bars, butcher, bakery, supermarket, delicatessen shop * Simple bathroom including full bath with shower; separate toilet * 10 minutes walking distance to Vondelpark * 20 minutes by direct bus to Amsterdam Schiphol airport, * 2 minutes walking distance to tram and subway, with direct connection to city center, 10 minutes walking to Amsterdam Zui","Right in the Old South part of Amsterdam, in the hearth of the 'Olympic Quarter', the area is considered a wonderful example of early twentieth century urban planning, carried out by master architect Berlage. The city center - Leidsesquare area and Museum District - is only a few minutes away and incredibly easy to reach: if you don't like walking and you are not planning to rent a bike (the best way to visit amsterdam), you can catch any bus or tram leaving the Stadionplein every 5 minutes to bring you downtown in 10 minutes. 15 minutes by bus from the airport, 2 minutes by car to the highway, 5 minutes to the 'zuid-as', the financial district of Amsterdam and World Trade Center, 10 minutes from the RAI make this apartment not only good for tourists, but for business travellers as well. Parks are nearby. The huge recreational area 'Amsterdamse Bos' and 'Nieuwe Meer' are 15 minutes away on foot. Perfect for running and reachable via a path without cars.  The other park, the Vondelpark,","BIKES: there are a few bikes available for rental (nearby bike shop rents them) PARKING: available for 8 euro per 24 hours inclusive of free public transport to the city center at the P+R facility in the Olympic Stadium, only 200mt from the apartment. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION: trams and numerous busses stop just around the corner and will take you to the city center in 10 min. You can catch any bus or tram leaving the Stadionplein every 5 minutes to bring you downtown in 10 minutes.",* please respect the neighbors * non smoking inside
