Trendy and chilly apartment centrally located Amsterdam. The apartment is fully equiped and ideal for a couple. Only 10 minutes from the city centre. Many nice bars and restaurants are just around the corner. Enjoy the sunny balcony and get relaxed!,Our apartment is fully equiped. The light and bright livingroom is very spacious; there's an open kitchen; spacious comfortable bedroom with double bed; seperate study. We have 2 cozy balconies: one at the east side where you can enjoy your breakfast in the sun and one at the west side where you can enjoy the sun from 2PM.,"Trendy and chilly apartment centrally located Amsterdam. The apartment is fully equiped and ideal for a couple. Only 10 minutes from the city centre. Many nice bars and restaurants are just around the corner. Enjoy the sunny balcony and get relaxed! Our apartment is fully equiped. The light and bright livingroom is very spacious; there's an open kitchen; spacious comfortable bedroom with double bed; seperate study. We have 2 cozy balconies: one at the east side where you can enjoy your breakfast in the sun and one at the west side where you can enjoy the sun from 2PM. We are around in Amsterdam if you need any help but we will not enter the apartment during your stay.  Our apartment is located in a cozy neighbourhood in Amsterdam West. Many trendy bars are just around the corner. Bar Spek, Radijs and Barbaarsch are some nice spots to relax.  The apartment is easily accessible by tram, bus or train. It only takes 10 minutes by tram of bycicle to the city centre. It takes 20 minutes from","Our apartment is located in a cozy neighbourhood in Amsterdam West. Many trendy bars are just around the corner. Bar Spek, Radijs and Barbaarsch are some nice spots to relax. ","The apartment is easily accessible by tram, bus or train. It only takes 10 minutes by tram of bycicle to the city centre. It takes 20 minutes from Amsterdam Central Station or Sloterdijk to reach our spot. ","Smoking is not allowed, neither on the balconies."
