"Fully furnished, large (200m2) house on the waterfront. Ideal for a holiday with children. They can jump into the water from the scaffolding! The tram takes you to the center of Amsterdam in 15 minutes. Enjoy all that Amsterdam has to offer!","Private garden with trampoline (not on the pictures). Very child friendly, we have 3 children (Born in 2004, 2006 and 2010). In the summer they jump into the bathing water from the private scaffolding. Watch the swimming fun from the terrace that overlooks the water. We provide a private parking space in our parking garage. A car is not really necessary: all shopping facilities are within walking distance. And the center of Amsterdam is accessible by tram, within 15 minutes you can reach the Centraal Station.","Fully furnished, large (200m2) house on the waterfront. Ideal for a holiday with children. They can jump into the water from the scaffolding! The tram takes you to the center of Amsterdam in 15 minutes. Enjoy all that Amsterdam has to offer! Private garden with trampoline (not on the pictures). Very child friendly, we have 3 children (Born in 2004, 2006 and 2010). In the summer they jump into the bathing water from the private scaffolding. Watch the swimming fun from the terrace that overlooks the water. We provide a private parking space in our parking garage. A car is not really necessary: all shopping facilities are within walking distance. And the center of Amsterdam is accessible by tram, within 15 minutes you can reach the Centraal Station. Spacious living room with fireplace. Master bedroom with double bed and three children's bedrooms with single beds, possibly a 5th bedroom with double sofa bed. 2 bathrooms. Indoor private parking The house and garden are completely privately ","Quiet, family friendly neighborhood, with all facilities within walking distance. Marina, town beach, cafes and restaurants within walking distance","Tram and bus stops within 2 minutes walk. Central Station and city center of Amsterdam, 15 minutes by tram.","Our house is very child-friendly, so is our neighbourhood. So we prefer families in our house."
