"Situated in the lively neighborhood De Pijp, our home offers you a perfect base to explore Amsterdam. With it's eat-in kitchen, living, terras and even a little French balcony, your family will have enough space to enjoy your stay together or relax more individually.","Our 120m2 home covers three floors. On the first floor you can prepare your meals in the fully equiped eat-in kitchen. A large dining table and colourfull chairs enable you to make mealtimes comfortable. When the Dutch weather allows it, you can relax on our terras and plan your trips into town. The first floor also includes a separate toilet. The light living and master bedroom are on the second floor. Both rooms include a television. In the living you can use the Wii or watch a dvd. There is also a little French balcony where you can enjoy the sun and peek at the Amsterdam city life. The third floor has two bedrooms and a bathroom. Here is a washer/dryer for you to use as well.","Situated in the lively neighborhood De Pijp, our home offers you a perfect base to explore Amsterdam. With it's eat-in kitchen, living, terras and even a little French balcony, your family will have enough space to enjoy your stay together or relax more individually. Our 120m2 home covers three floors. On the first floor you can prepare your meals in the fully equiped eat-in kitchen. A large dining table and colourfull chairs enable you to make mealtimes comfortable. When the Dutch weather allows it, you can relax on our terras and plan your trips into town. The first floor also includes a separate toilet. The light living and master bedroom are on the second floor. Both rooms include a television. In the living you can use the Wii or watch a dvd. There is also a little French balcony where you can enjoy the sun and peek at the Amsterdam city life. The third floor has two bedrooms and a bathroom. Here is a washer/dryer for you to use as well. Make yourself at home. Our home is all your","Of course you can do your groceries at the Albert Heijn across the street, but these are some local shops we can recommend: - Landmarkt, supermarket, Van Woustraat 103. - Marqt, supermarket, hoek Van Woustraat - Ceintuurbaan 402. - STACH, food store, Van Woustraat 154. - Wine & Roses, wine store, Van Woustraat 163. - Il Pastificio, pasta store, Eerste Sweelinkstraat 18. - Kaassie-Kaassie, cheese store, Eerste Sweelinkstraat 14. - Albert Cuyp market, market place, Albert Cuypstraat. - Alain Bernard, butchery, Albert Cuypstraat 133 - Rud. H. Venekamp, bakery, Ferdinand Bolstraat 134 - Simon Lévelt, coffee store, Ferdinand Bolstraat 154 There are several restaurants in the neighbourhood. We can recommend the following. - Pekelharing, Van Woustraat 127-129. - Spaghetteria, Van Woustraat 123. - Noodles & more, Van Woustraat 110. - Da Paolo e Seba Pizzataxi, Ceintuurbaan 121. - Reuring, Lutmastraat 99. And there are lots of coffee shops and cosy bars. We like to go to: - Café Buhrs, Van der ",Public transport is nearby or you could rent a bike just 350 meters down the street.,"Treat the apartment as if it were your own and keep in mind that it is a family home and not a party club. So no loud music/TV, especially not after 22:00 (10pm) or before 08:00 (8am). Smoking indoors is not allowed and will trigger the fire alarm."
