"This newly renovated apartment in the trendy city centre of 'de Pijp' is provides you with a peaceful retreat within walking distance of many highlights of Amsterdam. Whether you want to visit the Rijksmuseum, go cycling, have a beer or dinner.  The new metro line just opened (21th of July 2018),  which provides a fast and direct connection from the apartment to the Central Station and the Rai.","This newly renovated bright apartment offers a perfect getaway for two persons in the centre of Amsterdam. The apartment is located at the second floor and has a very bright and spacious living room with three big windows at the street side.  The open kitchen is located in the living room and is fully equipped with a fridge, freezer, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven/microwave and stove.  The bedroom is located at the quiet backside of the apartment and is connected to a balcony with sun during the afternoon. The bedroom has a doublebed and linen is provided.","This newly renovated apartment in the trendy city centre of 'de Pijp' is provides you with a peaceful retreat within walking distance of many highlights of Amsterdam. Whether you want to visit the Rijksmuseum, go cycling, have a beer or dinner.  The new metro line just opened (21th of July 2018),  which provides a fast and direct connection from the apartment to the Central Station and the Rai. This newly renovated bright apartment offers a perfect getaway for two persons in the centre of Amsterdam. The apartment is located at the second floor and has a very bright and spacious living room with three big windows at the street side.  The open kitchen is located in the living room and is fully equipped with a fridge, freezer, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven/microwave and stove.  The bedroom is located at the quiet backside of the apartment and is connected to a balcony with sun during the afternoon. The bedroom has a doublebed and linen is provided. The apartment:  - Clean and bright li","The apartment is located in between many highlights of Amsterdam: The famous Albert Cuyp market is literally round the corner just like the Heineken experience. The neighborhood is full of lovely restaurants and outdoor cafes.  However, if you want to go on a cultural trip, the Museumplein (Museumsquare), with Rijksmuseum, van Goghmuseum and Stedelijk museum, the Concert Hall, Vondelpark and het Leidsche Plein are all within walking distance. The same goes for the canals and the older city centre with the Anne Frank House, the Dam Square, the Rembrandtplein, and the Amstel river.","* The new metro line just opened. Line 52 has a fast and direct connection from the central station to the apartment.   It also has a fast connection from the apartment to the Rai.  * Tram lines 24 and 16 (to Central Station) are just around the corner.  * There's a bicycle rental in the street. 5 Minute walk to:  - Museum square (Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum, Stedelijk museum and Concert Hall) - Leidse square (Leidseplein)  - The famous canals of Amsterdam - De 9 straatjes (the nine streets, very good for shopping) 10 Minute bike or tram ride to: - Central Station  - Anne Frank house - Dam square - Amsterdam World Trade Center - Amsterdam RAI","Please respect my neighbours and treat the apartment with love.  - No smoking  - No loud music and parties  - No sleepovers - Store all foods carefully  - Please turn off the lights, television and heating when you leave the apartment.  - And please leave the apartment in clean condition."
