"This spacious and light apartment has everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam. It has an amazing roof terrace and a fully equipped kitchen. It is easy accesible and located beautifully on the waterside, very close to the Vondelpark. Enjoy!","The (luxurious) Amsterdam experience! From the Schiphol airport, the apartment is easy and quick to reach by public transport, so you can start enjoying your experience immediately!  Right next to the Vondelparc this apartment is located next to the canal, where the larger boats sail through. Enjoy this beautifully, light, furnished and spacious apartment at the end of the Overtoom in Amsterdam Oud-zuid, where you will find a host of cafes, restaurants, entertainment venues and hotels. The famous Vondelparc is perfect to walk your way into the citycenter and enjoy the people, music and nature on your way. The area is just south-west of Amsterdam's main canal ring, and offers easy access to main city sights, which are only minutes away. The tram stops in front of the house in case you don't want to walk. A supermarket, shops, museums, playgrounds for kids and many places to have a good cup of coffee are just around the corner.   This 112m2 non-smoking apartment sits on the third and fou","This spacious and light apartment has everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam. It has an amazing roof terrace and a fully equipped kitchen. It is easy accesible and located beautifully on the waterside, very close to the Vondelpark. Enjoy! The (luxurious) Amsterdam experience! From the Schiphol airport, the apartment is easy and quick to reach by public transport, so you can start enjoying your experience immediately!  Right next to the Vondelparc this apartment is located next to the canal, where the larger boats sail through. Enjoy this beautifully, light, furnished and spacious apartment at the end of the Overtoom in Amsterdam Oud-zuid, where you will find a host of cafes, restaurants, entertainment venues and hotels. The famous Vondelparc is perfect to walk your way into the citycenter and enjoy the people, music and nature on your way. The area is just south-west of Amsterdam's main canal ring, and offers easy access to main city sights, which are only minutes away. The ","Oud Zuid is central: on one end you have Amsterdam’s nightlife and culture square Leidseplein and on the other Amstelveenseweg that is developing into a true culinary boulevard. And throughout the neighbourhood, a new bar seems to pop up every week. But for residents, firm favourites remain Vondelpark’s Vondelpark3 and Blauwe Theehuis. The Vondelpark remains Amsterdam’s most densely populated place-to-be whenever the sun shines. Besides this it’s nice to live near one of the greatest overviews of Western Art in the world. Two of the main museums, the Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum. For big shopping streets you can go to the PC Hooftstraat, Jacob Obrechtstraat, Cornelis Schuytstraat and Beethovenstraat. Dam square: 4 km Central station: 5 km Museum square: 2,5 km",Easy access to public transport; in front of the apartment.,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
