"Our houseboat is a splendid, modern, double level houseboat with a tasteful interior. It is centrally located near the city center and on a walkingpath. Just one block away from the Westerpark. Enjoy a fully equiped kithchen and two water terraces","The ""Bosseboat"" is a splendid, modern, double level houseboat of >180 m2 with high ceilings and a tasteful interior constructed solely from natural materials. Due to the high windows it is very light. The houseboat is located near the Westerpark and next to a quiet green walking path, a mere 500 meters from the famous ""Jordaan"" neighbourhood in the centre of city.  In the upper floor you will find: a spatious living room with gas fire place, a large flatscreen TV, dvd player and audio equipment with bluetooth. A fully equipped open kitchen with washing machine, oven & separate microwave. A master bedroom with king-size double bed (1.80 x 2.10) that has its own adjoing bathroom with shower, basin and toilet.   On the lower floor: three bedrooms each with one fixed bed (80 or 90 x 2.00). A second bathroom with steel bath, a large ""walk-in"" shower with rainshower and hand shower. There you will also find a washing machine (Miele) and tumble dryer.  On both floors there is, besides the fir","Our houseboat is a splendid, modern, double level houseboat with a tasteful interior. It is centrally located near the city center and on a walkingpath. Just one block away from the Westerpark. Enjoy a fully equiped kithchen and two water terraces The ""Bosseboat"" is a splendid, modern, double level houseboat of >180 m2 with high ceilings and a tasteful interior constructed solely from natural materials. Due to the high windows it is very light. The houseboat is located near the Westerpark and next to a quiet green walking path, a mere 500 meters from the famous ""Jordaan"" neighbourhood in the centre of city.  In the upper floor you will find: a spatious living room with gas fire place, a large flatscreen TV, dvd player and audio equipment with bluetooth. A fully equipped open kitchen with washing machine, oven & separate microwave. A master bedroom with king-size double bed (1.80 x 2.10) that has its own adjoing bathroom with shower, basin and toilet.   On the lower floor: three bedroom","The Houseboat  is located 500 meters from the heart of the Jordaan, in the historic center of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is an area full of small restaurants, terraces, fun shops alternating with beautiful canals, small streets and with a variety of wonderful historic buildings. The Jordaan borders on the well-known shopping area the Negen Kleine Straatjes (literally: Nine Little Streets) were you can also find many small shops and cozy restaurants. Within walking distance you will find highlights like the Anne Frank House, the Westertower, the Dam square, the Royal Palace and the Amsterdam Historic Museum. The Houseboat  is easily reachable by car and public transport (see below under “Accessibility”), but once you're here, the easiest means of transportation is by bicycle (see tab “Bicycle rental”). The houseboat is a 10 minutes walk from the nicest shopping street in Amsterdam (and awarded second best shopping street of the Netherlands 2011): Haarlemmerdijk and about 15 minutes from Cen","You can take the bus 21 just 100 meters from the houseboat, 400 meters further there are trams who travel all over the city.","Not allowed are Pets, smoking in the rooms and drugs. We reserve the right to terminate the stay without notice and without refund if  stated number occupiers is exeeded,  or due to bad or unacceptable behavior, or causing damage to our property. Acceptance of accommodation signifies acceptance of the above terms and conditions ."
