"Nice and bright apartment for 2-3persons! Enjoy Amsterdam from this centrally based home away from home!The apartment is adjacent to the Vondelpark and only 10 minutes from the famous Canals! The 2 balconies with this apartment have sun all day and you are welcome to use the available bikes to check out you personal ""must visit""- list!","This luxury apartment is an oasis of relaxation - stylish, cosy and full of charm ! It will make you feel right at home! The apartment features a warm and light living room with modern furniture. Sit down on the comfy couch and relax right away! In the kitchen you can prepare yourself a good breakfast or meal to fuel your day. You are also welcome to use the washingmachine if you like! After a long day in Amsterdam you can take a nice hot shower in my bathroom or get a good night rest in the double-bed in my spacious bedroom! There are 2 furnished balconies, so enjoy a cup of coffee in the morning while listening and seeing Amsterdam wake up..",Check-in/check-out Check-out is always at 11 am.  Check-in time is flexible. Please note that we charge €25 after 8pm and €40 after 10pm.,"Whereas Amsterdam Zuid has become almost uniformly affluent, Oud West (‘Old West’) has managed to maintain a mix of cultures and economic levels, best characterized by the fact its bustling everyday street market and ethnic grocers trade within a stone’s throw from 19th c. aristocratic splendour. Go here for the live and kicking (and cheap) Ten Katemarkt (mostly fruit/vegetables but also some very good fish), the new Food Hallen (an old tram depot converted into a covered street food market and cinema) and its surrounding streets such as the Kinkerstraat and the Overtoom for a mix of specialty stores in lighting, furniture, gardening, secondhand things, unexpected things, small restaurants and ethnic cuisine.",From Central Station take Tram 17 or 1 and get off at Jan Pieter Heijestraat. These Trams will also lead you to the city centre.,"We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
