"Wake up in the popular, affluent (posh) 'old south' (oud zuid) neighbourhood - next to a canal (no traffic!) and the Olympic stadium. Luxurious and spacious appartment includes all the facilities you need. Very centrally located.","New appartment in popular, affluent (posh) 'old south' (oud zuid) neighbourhood - next to a canal (no traffic!). Includes all the facilities you need - internet, walk in shower, parking space, bicycles, located near every possible kind of public transport (tram, subway, train). Walking distance from the famous Vondelpark and the historic Olympic stadium.","Wake up in the popular, affluent (posh) 'old south' (oud zuid) neighbourhood - next to a canal (no traffic!) and the Olympic stadium. Luxurious and spacious appartment includes all the facilities you need. Very centrally located. New appartment in popular, affluent (posh) 'old south' (oud zuid) neighbourhood - next to a canal (no traffic!). Includes all the facilities you need - internet, walk in shower, parking space, bicycles, located near every possible kind of public transport (tram, subway, train). Walking distance from the famous Vondelpark and the historic Olympic stadium. You will have access to the entire appartment (excluding some cupboards). You will have the appartment all to yourself. Myself or a neighbour will supply you with all the information you need about the appartment. You will find all kinds of cosy eating & coffee places and supermarkets that are open till late within walking distance from the appartment. Also the Vondelpark is within walking distance for a morni",You will find all kinds of cosy eating & coffee places and supermarkets that are open till late within walking distance from the appartment. Also the Vondelpark is within walking distance for a morning run or a stroll. The Van Gogh museum and De Pijp's Albert Cuyp market are within biking distance.,"Bus and tram stop in front of the appartment (3 minutes walking distance). The bus can take you directly to Schiphol airport (20 min's). Bus and tram take you directly to all the touristic highlights of Amsterdam. Trainstation (A'dam-Zuid) is 10 min's by bus, from where you can take the international train to Berlin, Brussels and Paris.",No pets and no smoking inside the appartment.
