- located in middle of city centre but quiet neighbourhood - modern apartment with luxury kitchen and bathroom - great kingsize bed - sunny balcony,"A very spacious modern design apartment in the centre of Amsterdam in popular neighbourhoud ""de Pijp"". The location is very central but still in a quiet neighbourhood: it's at walking distance from sarphatipark, famous Albert Cuyp market, Rijksmuseam and the 2e Van de helststraat, where lots of bars, terraces and restaurants are situated. Close to Museumplein, Rembrandplein, Leidseplein and famous shopping street PC Hooftstraat.   This cosy design apartment was renovated 2 years ago and has a very spacious living and bedroom with king size bed, a design bathroom with rain shower, and a kitchen fully equipped with dishwasher, microweave and oven, and Nespresso machine (coffee cups provided!!)  It has a very cosy and sunny balcony on the west side. On the front side of the appartment there is a play field, so a very nice and free view outside! There's a TV in the livingroom and in the bed room. There is free WIFI and a yamaha sound installation where you can plug in your iPhone. Clean to","A very spacious modern design apartment in the centre of Amsterdam in popular neighbourhoud ""de Pijp"". The location is very central but still in a quiet neighbourhood: it's at walking distance from sarphatipark, famous Albert Cuyp market, Rijksmuseam and the 2e Van de helststraat, where lots of bars, terraces and restaurants are situated. Close to Museumplein, Rembrandplein, Leidseplein and famous shopping street PC Hooftstraat.   This cosy design apartment was renovated 2 years ago and has a very spacious living and bedroom with king size bed, a design bathroom with rain shower, and a kitchen fully equipped with dishwasher, microweave and oven, and Nespresso machine (coffee cups provided!!)  It has a very cosy and sunny balcony on the west side. On the front side of the appartment there is a play field, so a very nice and free view outside! There's a TV in the livingroom and in the bed room. There is free WIFI and a yamaha sound installation where you can plug in your iPhone. Clean to","Full of restaurants and nice shops, but still very quiet and peaceful neighbourhood.",Close to many public transportation possibilities,"Be a neat and good guest and treat the house as if it were your own!  I’m a non smoker, so smoking is not allowed  Other than that, just be respectful of the place, clean up after yourself.  I would very much appreciate it if you give me details as to when you will get into Amsterdam after you book the place so I can plan accordingly to get you your key without any delay."
