"Large luxurious penthouse on the Keizersgracht canal in Amsterdam. In the 17th century merchant's house. Private elevator. Large living room with a canal view, kitchen, 2 bed rooms, bathroom with a bath and a toilet, a seprate toilet. Canal view.","The Hendrick de Keyser Apartment is a spacious two bedroom property located in a fully refurbished 17th century merchant's house along the picturesque Keizersgracht canal. Retaining many of the original features, the apartment sleeps up to four people and is ideal for those seeking canal side accommodation.    This residence is the perfect example of a 17th century merchant's home, located in the historic heart of Amsterdam overlooking the stunning Keizersgracht canal. Fully refurbished, yet maintaining many of the building's original features such as wide oak doors, wooden beams, floors and stucco ornaments, the apartment is the only residence in this large canal house, allowing for maximum privacy. Comprising two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with dining table, spacious living room, bathroom and separate toilet, the apartment is comfortable and modern. Located on the top two floors, this apartment is ideal for those seeking well appointed accommodation in a central location.","Large luxurious penthouse on the Keizersgracht canal in Amsterdam. In the 17th century merchant's house. Private elevator. Large living room with a canal view, kitchen, 2 bed rooms, bathroom with a bath and a toilet, a seprate toilet. Canal view. The Hendrick de Keyser Apartment is a spacious two bedroom property located in a fully refurbished 17th century merchant's house along the picturesque Keizersgracht canal. Retaining many of the original features, the apartment sleeps up to four people and is ideal for those seeking canal side accommodation.    This residence is the perfect example of a 17th century merchant's home, located in the historic heart of Amsterdam overlooking the stunning Keizersgracht canal. Fully refurbished, yet maintaining many of the building's original features such as wide oak doors, wooden beams, floors and stucco ornaments, the apartment is the only residence in this large canal house, allowing for maximum privacy. Comprising two bedrooms, a fully equipped k","This apartment is located within Amsterdam's central canal belt and within just of few minutes some of the cities most popular areas including the 9 Streets shopping district, Dam Square, The Museum District, Vondelpark and Leidse Square.  The 9 Streets Shopping district is full of boutiques, fashionable shops and popular cafes.  Dam Square is the centre of old Amsterdam and is the place to find some of the cites most photographed architecture.  The Museum District is home to the Rijks and Van Gogh Museums as well as popular shopping areas, cafes, bars and restaurants.  The Vondelpark is Amsterdam's largest park, especially popular during summer, where you can find a handful of great cafes.  Leidse Square is a lively square home to numerous cafes, restaurants, theatres and live music venues and is also a great place to see street performers so their thing.  As you see, the location of this apartment couldn't be better with so much to see and do just minutes from your door.  Make the mo",,
