"This luxurious two storey ground family house(180sqm) with garden in the centre has all the comfort you need. The modern furnished house has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a big living room, a living kitchen and a large garden with a bbq.","The newly renovated apartment has a big and bright living kitchen that will make you feel at home. On the same floor there is the master bedroom with a view on the garden and a bathroom with bathtub . On the groundfloor there is a second bathroom, a separate toilet, two bedrooms with double bed and a large living room. There are also two babycods.  It is fully furnished, apartment with a big garden, 2 bedrooms, brand new kitchen, two bathrooms, in the centre of Amsterdam.  The apartment is ideal for families with children, 2 couples, business travelers and friends looking for the Amsterdam experience in the nicest area of Amsterdam, walking distance to the Leidseplein, museum district and the Vondelpark. The apartment has all the comfort for kids. There is a sandpit, a slide and a swing in the garden. In the house there are toys, 2 babycods, babychairs and a buggy.","This luxurious two storey ground family house(180sqm) with garden in the centre has all the comfort you need. The modern furnished house has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a big living room, a living kitchen and a large garden with a bbq. The newly renovated apartment has a big and bright living kitchen that will make you feel at home. On the same floor there is the master bedroom with a view on the garden and a bathroom with bathtub . On the groundfloor there is a second bathroom, a separate toilet, two bedrooms with double bed and a large living room. There are also two babycods.  It is fully furnished, apartment with a big garden, 2 bedrooms, brand new kitchen, two bathrooms, in the centre of Amsterdam.  The apartment is ideal for families with children, 2 couples, business travelers and friends looking for the Amsterdam experience in the nicest area of Amsterdam, walking distance to the Leidseplein, museum district and the Vondelpark. The apartment has all the comfort for kids. There is ","Our house is situated at the Overtoom, close to the Leidseplein and Vondelpark. Everywhere you want to go in walking distance! Walking distance to Vondelpark (2 minutes), to Leidseplein (5 minutes), to Jordaan (10 minutes), to Museum quarter (10 minutes), to the nicest shopping area 'the 9 streets' (10 minutes) and much much more!  • Nice markets, boutique shops, supermarkets and many nice bars and restaurants just around the corner ","• Access to and from Schiphol in 20 minutes by train or taxi  • Amsterdam Central Train Station is 15 minutes by tram (tram 1, one stop after Leidseplein) or 30 minutes by feet  ",No smoking allowed in the house
