"A brand new luxurious studio apartment near the RAI Convention Centre (10 min walk),5* hotel Okura (3 min walk), Zuidas business district (15 min walk). City centre (22 min walk). Ground floor 40 m2, nice kitchen, bathroom, double bed and a sofa bed. Quite and silent street and house","The studio apartment is 40m2 and recently totally refurbished. It has a herringbone parquet floor, new kitchen, new bathroom, a double bed + sofa bed and overlooking the Amstel river.  The location of the apartment is on the edge of the 'Rivierenbuurt' (wealthy and safe area) and ' De Pijp', which is known for the hip restaurants and bars also called the Quartier Latin of Amsterdam. The city centre of Amsterdam can be reached by foot, tram, bus or bike Dam square can be reached in around 10 min by bike or tram (3.3 km). A clear detailed manual is waiting for you with some of my tips and directions.  Also there is a high speed internet connection which can be used.","A brand new luxurious studio apartment near the RAI Convention Centre (10 min walk),5* hotel Okura (3 min walk), Zuidas business district (15 min walk). City centre (22 min walk). Ground floor 40 m2, nice kitchen, bathroom, double bed and a sofa bed. Quite and silent street and house The studio apartment is 40m2 and recently totally refurbished. It has a herringbone parquet floor, new kitchen, new bathroom, a double bed + sofa bed and overlooking the Amstel river.  The location of the apartment is on the edge of the 'Rivierenbuurt' (wealthy and safe area) and ' De Pijp', which is known for the hip restaurants and bars also called the Quartier Latin of Amsterdam. The city centre of Amsterdam can be reached by foot, tram, bus or bike Dam square can be reached in around 10 min by bike or tram (3.3 km). A clear detailed manual is waiting for you with some of my tips and directions.  Also there is a high speed internet connection which can be used. Studio apartment I will personally bring t",Residential -  save - family - business people.,Tram in walking distance (2 min).  Option to hire a bike (ideal),Non Smoking Clean and respectful guests only Preferably business guests  Couples or Singles No friend groups
