"You can contact me through my other add. Welcome to my apt. located very close to the City Centre in a Friendly Area! My Spacious home contains all Luxury you wish for; 2 Bed rooms, Spacious Livingroom, Luxury kitchen, Great Bathroom, Wonderfull Balcony.  Just a place to feel at Home!","My apartment is located in the East part of Amsterdam very close to the City Centre. The friendly neighbourhood is beautifull and quiet and has many great restaurants and pubs within walking distance.  Metro station (Wibautstraat) and train station (Amsterdam Muiderpoort) are located within 10 minutes walking distance. Buslines and tramstops are only a few hundred meters away.  The appartment is very spacious and has a nice bedroom with a good bed, a bright spacious living room with lounge couch and nice LED-tv (34 channels), superfast Wifi (glassfiber connection). The kitchen is well equiped with microwave-oven combination (several supermarkets within walking distance) 5-pit gasstove and top of the range kitchen utilities. The bathroom is splendid with a lovely Italian shower and a yacuzzi (bubble bath for a nice massage). The toilet is separate from the bathroom.  Facing the south the spacious fully roofed balcony is located, which is a great place to have breakfast, enjoy the sun at","You can contact me through my other add. Welcome to my apt. located very close to the City Centre in a Friendly Area! My Spacious home contains all Luxury you wish for; 2 Bed rooms, Spacious Livingroom, Luxury kitchen, Great Bathroom, Wonderfull Balcony.  Just a place to feel at Home! My apartment is located in the East part of Amsterdam very close to the City Centre. The friendly neighbourhood is beautifull and quiet and has many great restaurants and pubs within walking distance.  Metro station (Wibautstraat) and train station (Amsterdam Muiderpoort) are located within 10 minutes walking distance. Buslines and tramstops are only a few hundred meters away.  The appartment is very spacious and has a nice bedroom with a good bed, a bright spacious living room with lounge couch and nice LED-tv (34 channels), superfast Wifi (glassfiber connection). The kitchen is well equiped with microwave-oven combination (several supermarkets within walking distance) 5-pit gasstove and top of the range",,,Strictly no smoking inside the apartment. You are more than welcome to smoke on the fully roofed balcony! Also please be considerate to my neighbours and keep noise levels within acceptable limits :-)
