"Stylish spacious 100sqm modern apt, could not be better located by lively Leidseplein with access to entertainment, transport, canals, museums, shopping, Vondelpark all within a 2 minute bubble!","2 Bedroom apartment, 20sqm bedroom + 17sqm bedroom both have Queen size double beds. 2 luxury airbeds available for extra folks in either the spare room or living room. 2 min from Leidseplein, great central location for shops, transport, Vondelpark, nightlife but not noisy at night. Great for culture, work or play!","Stylish spacious 100sqm modern apt, could not be better located by lively Leidseplein with access to entertainment, transport, canals, museums, shopping, Vondelpark all within a 2 minute bubble! 2 Bedroom apartment, 20sqm bedroom + 17sqm bedroom both have Queen size double beds. 2 luxury airbeds available for extra folks in either the spare room or living room. 2 min from Leidseplein, great central location for shops, transport, Vondelpark, nightlife but not noisy at night. Great for culture, work or play! 2nd floor apartment, recently refurbished. Fully equipped with all mod cons, Netflix (via playstation), surround sound, Chromecast so you can stream anything on your device to big screen (download Goo -ogle Home app to connect), Sonos wireless speaker (download the app to play from your device), dishwasher, American fridge with icemaker, shower, washing machine, wireless internet. Both 20sqm bedroom 1 & 17sqm bedroom 2 have Queen size double beds. 2 luxury airbeds available for extra","2 min from Leidseplein, great central location for shops, transport, Vondelpark, nightlife but not noisy at night. Great for culture, work or play!   Leidseplein is the hotspot of Amsterdam, with hundreds of entertainment venues, live music from RocknRoll, Jazz, Electronic and more, comedy shows, clubs, bars, cocktails, restaurants, cinemas, you name it.  Beautiful Speigelstraat is 1 minute in the other direction, filled with art galleries, antiques, deli food, canals & bridges etc. - 5 mins to Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk Modern Art, Rijksmuseum and Concert Hall - 5 mins to Vondelpark  - 10 mins to Albert Cuyp market & The Heineken Experience - 10 mins to Rembrandtsplein and Dam Square - 15 mins to Centraal Station","Trams 1, 2, 5, 7, 10 all run from Leidseplein 2mins away. Airport takes 35 mins by public transport (direct bus or tram & train) but allow an hour at least. €40 by taxi 25 mins. Bikes can be rented or if I am not using mine you can borrow that. Parking: amsterdam fullstop info forwardslash parking Parking is possible nearby on the street 40eur/day or at Qpark Tesselschadestraat 1G 36/day or right next to my street at Prinsengracht 540 45eur/day. You don't need the car anyway so I would advise one of the 'park+ride' near the A10 1-8eur/day. My recommendation:  P+R Olympisch Stadion (Olympic Stadium), Olympisch Stadion 44, 1076 DE Amsterdam; capacity: 250; located at the ring A10, exit S108; this parking lot has also free bicycles to lend (up to two bikes per car – your ID will be required). Or take tram 16 or 24 to Weteringcircuit roundabout and 4 min walk to my apartment in the centre.","Housetrained guests only! Smoking outside please. Whilst the general location is right in the middle of restaurants bars museums etc, this is a residential building and we do have neighbours on all sides. So it's quiet here (please respect the neighbours!) and lively a few hundred metres away!"
