"Recently renovated, modern 4 person apartment on the TOP FLOOR right in the heart of the most popular part of the CENTRE of Amsterdam, THE JORDAAN.","In the middle of the atmospheric Jordaan district, you will find this 4-person apartment, which is located at the top floor of a recently remodeled canal house. The apartment offers breathtaking views of the city and you can enjoy the luxury of a first class rental combined with the warmth of your own temporary home away from home. Take one step outside the door and you will find yourself right in the middle of bustling Amsterdam life and the cozy Jordaan district. The apartment is decorated with warm, natural colors and materials, which makes it an oasis of peace in the busy city life. Both bedrooms have a comfortable, double bed (1.40 m wide). The bedrooms are located toward the back of the apartment, which ensures a peaceful night’s rest. ★ Fully equipped kitchen ★ Bathroom with a  rain shower ★ Separate toilet ★ Free coffee & tea ★ Free Shampoo ★ Washing machine ★ Flat screen TV ★ WIFI ★ Extra pillows for the bed ★ Warm plaids & decorative accessories I'm sure you will enjoy your s","Recently renovated, modern 4 person apartment on the TOP FLOOR right in the heart of the most popular part of the CENTRE of Amsterdam, THE JORDAAN. In the middle of the atmospheric Jordaan district, you will find this 4-person apartment, which is located at the top floor of a recently remodeled canal house. The apartment offers breathtaking views of the city and you can enjoy the luxury of a first class rental combined with the warmth of your own temporary home away from home. Take one step outside the door and you will find yourself right in the middle of bustling Amsterdam life and the cozy Jordaan district. The apartment is decorated with warm, natural colors and materials, which makes it an oasis of peace in the busy city life. Both bedrooms have a comfortable, double bed (1.40 m wide). The bedrooms are located toward the back of the apartment, which ensures a peaceful night’s rest. ★ Fully equipped kitchen ★ Bathroom with a  rain shower ★ Separate toilet ★ Free coffee & tea ★ Free","In the heart of the most popular part of the CENTRE of Amsterdam, THE JORDAAN. You’ll find most points of interest within walking distance of the apartment and there is an abundance of small pubs, cozy restaurants and quantity of shops all around you. To give you a few examples, the famous Noordermarkt, with its twice weekly market is just around the corner, the Anne Frank House only a 5 minutes walk and 'THE NINE STREETS' a mere 10 minutes walk. Amsterdam is a very vibrant City and you will be staying right in the middle of it!","Right in CITY CENTRE, so technically, you can just use your feet and walk! Or it's 5 minutes by bus. Buses 18, 21,22. Get off at Nieuwe Willemsstraat or Buiten Oranjestraat","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
