"High-end 80m2 loft apartment on the ground floor in the most vibrant street of hip Amsterdam East. This loft is luxuriously furnished, offering a fully equipped kitchen with Jura coffee machine, Magi-mix blender, Sonos hi-fi, Loewe flatscreen and high speed wifi. The separate rest- and laundry-room, bathroom with bath and lots of storage space offers much convenience and comfort. With park view and all the facilities you may wish for literally around the corner you may never want to leave...","The ""en suite"" appartment has a spacious and luxurious feel. The open 5 meter long kitchen in the living room has all the equipment you may wish for including a Quooker and Jura fresh bean coffee machine. The furniture includes a 3 meter long dining table, comfortable three seater and love seat in the living area. The bedroom contains a large closet and a anti-allergic, anti-static Phi-ton bed. The silk curtains are three double layered offers complete darkness. The bathroom has a double sink and large bath. The restroom is separate as well a small laundry room. The private graden is quite unique for the location and is very comfortable for breakfast, dining or just reading a newspaper.","High-end 80m2 loft apartment on the ground floor in the most vibrant street of hip Amsterdam East. This loft is luxuriously furnished, offering a fully equipped kitchen with Jura coffee machine, Magi-mix blender, Sonos hi-fi, Loewe flatscreen and high speed wifi. The separate rest- and laundry-room, bathroom with bath and lots of storage space offers much convenience and comfort. With park view and all the facilities you may wish for literally around the corner you may never want to leave... The ""en suite"" appartment has a spacious and luxurious feel. The open 5 meter long kitchen in the living room has all the equipment you may wish for including a Quooker and Jura fresh bean coffee machine. The furniture includes a 3 meter long dining table, comfortable three seater and love seat in the living area. The bedroom contains a large closet and a anti-allergic, anti-static Phi-ton bed. The silk curtains are three double layered offers complete darkness. The bathroom has a double sink and l","The Linnaeusstraat is perhaps the most beautifull and authentic street of the east side area of Amsterdam with many facilities and a fresh market around the corner. The centre of Amsterdam is within 10 minute away by tram. The shops of the Eerste van Swinden street, the up coming Java street, the Dapper market, Tropen museum, Artis Zoo, several cafés and restaurants, and the Oosterpark i.e. east park all are worthwile to see and experience. We can provide you with a shortlist and map of the most popular and authentic places to visit.","Public transport is a bliss in this area. Amsterdam Muiderpoort trainstation is  a 4 minute walk and a direct line to Schiphol Airport within 20 minutes. For car parking we advice you to (free-) park at train station Diemen, 3 minutes by train to Amsterdam Muiderpoort.",There are no houserules other than we do not appreciate smoking inside. For smoking we kindly request you to use the private garden.
