"Look no further!!! You've found the perfect AIRBnB if you are looking to have a Luxurious stay in Amsterdam. Our apartment has been renovated recently and redecorated after my girlfriend (Jana) moved in. It has plenty of space for 5 people (95m2) and it has 2 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, balcony and a gorgeous wooden floor! The location is absolutely perfect as it is only 3 minutes walking distance to the old Jordan District in the City Center!","It is a really spacious apartment, perfect to have a great time to experience Amsterdam! Big extendable sofa, Kingsize bed and a queen size bed, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge and a beautiful rooftop terrace with luxury beds. A massive wooden dining table that easily seats 6 people.   Also, there still is enough space left to move around. The Van Oldenbarneveldtstraat is a quiet, authentic street in the (former) Oud-West. The apartment is very centrally located and close to public transport. The city center, the beautiful Jordaan area and the Westerpark are all just a short and beautiful walk away. There are several shops, bars and restaurants in the area and also the Leidseplein and the Vondelpark are close by. The apartment is on the 4th and 5th floor of a typical Amsterdams apartment building. Like all others there are no elevators but being the top floor it will give you the most sunlight when its sunny :-) When you enter you will find the living room on your left side with a ","Look no further!!! You've found the perfect AIRBnB if you are looking to have a Luxurious stay in Amsterdam. Our apartment has been renovated recently and redecorated after my girlfriend (Jana) moved in. It has plenty of space for 5 people (95m2) and it has 2 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, balcony and a gorgeous wooden floor! The location is absolutely perfect as it is only 3 minutes walking distance to the old Jordan District in the City Center! It is a really spacious apartment, perfect to have a great time to experience Amsterdam! Big extendable sofa, Kingsize bed and a queen size bed, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge and a beautiful rooftop terrace with luxury beds. A massive wooden dining table that easily seats 6 people.   Also, there still is enough space left to move around. The Van Oldenbarneveldtstraat is a quiet, authentic street in the (former) Oud-West. The apartment is very centrally located and close to public transport. The city center, the beautiful Jo",Close to my place there is a lovely roundabout called Hugo de grootplein where there are many bars and restaurants. On the other side I also live right next to the Jordaan area.,there are many tram lines options (5 different lines) within a 3 minute walk.,"Dont scream or play music after 23hours, it's an old Amsterdam apparment with neighbours below, on the left and on the right. They need to go to work at 8AM in to morning so please be quiet after 23:00. Enjoy Amsterdam."
