"Beautiful relaxing place with nature out of the front door, and culture within. Only 20min by subway to city centre. But also only 15min by subway from the business centre Zuid-As. Free parking place. Within easy reach of Schiphol airport. (Please note that in rare occasions the keys will have to be picked up at a convenient location in the centre of Amsterdam)","The newly renovated art-featuring apartment holds a bedroom with a king size box spring bed, spacey luxury bathroom with rain shower and relaxing bath, toilet, large sink and a washing machine. The  living room among others holds a large library of books and music, and comfortable sleeping sofa. It is equipped with audio equipment. The dining area is adjacent to the fully equipped open kitchen.  This 70 m2  art-featuring 2nd floor apartment, with a large balcony facing south is equipped with Wifi. The apartment is located at 3minutes walking distance from the subway which brings you to Amsterdam Central station in 20 minutes and to the Amsterdam Zuid-As business district in 15 minutes. Schiphol Airport is 15min driving. The adjacent large recreation park has a lake and a small beach. Night busses run all through the night. A secured parking place in a garage is available. Major highway- connections lead to the north, the east and the south of Holland.  Shops are 5 minutes away by publi","Beautiful relaxing place with nature out of the front door, and culture within. Only 20min by subway to city centre. But also only 15min by subway from the business centre Zuid-As. Free parking place. Within easy reach of Schiphol airport. (Please note that in rare occasions the keys will have to be picked up at a convenient location in the centre of Amsterdam) The newly renovated art-featuring apartment holds a bedroom with a king size box spring bed, spacey luxury bathroom with rain shower and relaxing bath, toilet, large sink and a washing machine. The  living room among others holds a large library of books and music, and comfortable sleeping sofa. It is equipped with audio equipment. The dining area is adjacent to the fully equipped open kitchen.  This 70 m2  art-featuring 2nd floor apartment, with a large balcony facing south is equipped with Wifi. The apartment is located at 3minutes walking distance from the subway which brings you to Amsterdam Central station in 20 minutes and",Ample opportunity for hiking and cycling. A beautifully located cafe/restaurant (with WIFI) is within 5 minutes cycling distance.,"3 minutes walking distance from subway; 20minutes to centre of city and 15 minutes to Amsterdam Zuid-As. Night busses run all through the night (ps. only at new years eve, no public transportation in Amsterdam between 8pm and 1:30am).",The usual ‘rules of conduct’ for using a private apartment are applicable. No smoking inside the apartment. For stays longer then 3 days the apartment will be cleaned every third day in coordination with the guest (a fee will be applied). A deposit is required. In the apartment there is a no-shoe policy: slippers are provided.
