"Dit mooie karakteristieke appartement bevindt zich in het centrum van Amsterdam, met balkon en zonnige tuin op het zuiden. Het huis heeft een grote, loft-achtige, leefruimte met keuken en beneden zijn er 2 slaapkamers en een luxe badkamer.","Very spacious loft style apartment in the city centre. The house is newly renovated (2013) and features everything that will make this a great stay in Amsterdam: a sitting area overlooking the small Amsterdam street, a large dining table, luxury kitchen, balcony and garden (facing south), bathroom with jacuzzi, a stylish master bedroom and an extra bedroom/ study (with computer and access to wifi). The house is near the Jordaan and nine little streets, the Vondelpark, Museum Square and Leidseplein, all a 5-10 minute walk away.  All facilities The house is situated in a typical and quiet Amsterdam street, just a short stroll away of one of the coziest bars in the city l' Affiche, 'where everyone knows your name'. If you'd like to walk a little bit further and visit museums in the Museum District, that is only a ten minute walk. On your way you will pass the Vondelpark, which is also nearby. Sightseeing and shopping in a charming and delightful  area can be done in the 'nine little stree","Very spacious loft style apartment in the city centre. The house is newly renovated (2013) and features everything that will make this a great stay in Amsterdam: a sitting area overlooking the small Amsterdam street, a large dining table, luxury kitchen, balcony and garden (facing south), bathroom with jacuzzi, a stylish master bedroom and an extra bedroom/ study (with computer and access to wifi). The house is near the Jordaan and nine little streets, the Vondelpark, Museum Square and Leidseplein, all a 5-10 minute walk away.  All facilities The house is situated in a typical and quiet Amsterdam street, just a short stroll away of one of the coziest bars in the city l' Affiche, 'where everyone knows your name'. If you'd like to walk a little bit further and visit museums in the Museum District, that is only a ten minute walk. On your way you will pass the Vondelpark, which is also nearby. Sightseeing and shopping in a charming and delightful  area can be done in the 'nine little stree","The house is situated in a typical and quiet Amsterdam street, just a short stroll away of one of the coziest bars in the city l' Affiche, 'where everyone knows your name'. If you'd like to walk a little bit further and visit museums in the Museum District, that is only a ten minute walk. On your way you will also pass the Vondelpark, which is also nearby. Sightseeing and shopping in a charming and delightful  area can be done in the 'nine little streets' in the heart of Amsterdam's canal district. These streets straddle the 17th century canals from the Singel to the Prinsengracht, all a 10 minute walk from the apartment. ","On all the big streets near the house, you can get into a bus or tram.",No smoking!
