"Just renovated! Lovely light and spacious topfloor loft with 2 bedrooms, a large open kitchen, luxurious bathroom with bathtub and large living room. There is a 40m2 roof terrace with a great view over Amsterdam and a 10m2 balcony on the kitchenfloor. Great for a afternoon drink. The apartment is located very close to the RAI Amsterdam (1 min walk) on walking distance of the Pijp area & Centre. In our street we have a craft brewery and dozen of cosy restaurants!","Lovely light and spacious topfloor loft with 2 bedrooms, a large open kitchen, luxurious bathroom with bathtub and large living room. There is a 40m2 roof terrace with a great view over Amsterdam and a 10m2 balcony on the kitchenfloor. Great for a afternoon drink.","Just renovated! Lovely light and spacious topfloor loft with 2 bedrooms, a large open kitchen, luxurious bathroom with bathtub and large living room. There is a 40m2 roof terrace with a great view over Amsterdam and a 10m2 balcony on the kitchenfloor. Great for a afternoon drink. The apartment is located very close to the RAI Amsterdam (1 min walk) on walking distance of the Pijp area & Centre. In our street we have a craft brewery and dozen of cosy restaurants! Lovely light and spacious topfloor loft with 2 bedrooms, a large open kitchen, luxurious bathroom with bathtub and large living room. There is a 40m2 roof terrace with a great view over Amsterdam and a 10m2 balcony on the kitchenfloor. Great for a afternoon drink. Besides the living room, 2 bedrooms, kitchen, toilet and bathroom we will keep 1 room locked to store our own personal stuff. That room is not available, the rest is yours. We will make sure you know your way in our apartment and Amsterdam before we leave. The apartme",The apartment is situated in a lively neighborhood. You can find a small scale craft brewery/restaurant in the street as well as dozen of other restaurants.,If we are not in town during your stay feel free to grab our bikes. Train/metro station (Amsterdam Rai) is on a 5 min walk while the tram and bus lines stop on the corner of the street.,"Enjoy our place, but with respect. We would like you to smoke on the balcony and handle our stuff like it is your own."
