"Looking for an wonderful apartment in Amsterdam with an exceptional garden, where you can feel home with all needed amenities to make your stay comfortable? Well, this apartment provides everything you need to enjoy Amsterdam. The apartment is ideal for solo, couples, business-travellers or two friends. The house recently got renovated, freshly painted with a high quality finishing touch in all the areas. The unique part of this apartment is a spacious garden where you can relax after a long day","Cosy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp’. With a nice few on the garden, in a really quit street.  'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city. De Pijp in Amsterdam is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Heineken Museum, the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, The Royal Concerthall, Paradiso, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum.The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam. It will take about five minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You will also be able to take the tram, stops are only a 1 minute walk from the apartment. De Pijp is also known for it's shops, bars and mulitic","Looking for an wonderful apartment in Amsterdam with an exceptional garden, where you can feel home with all needed amenities to make your stay comfortable? Well, this apartment provides everything you need to enjoy Amsterdam. The apartment is ideal for solo, couples, business-travellers or two friends. The house recently got renovated, freshly painted with a high quality finishing touch in all the areas. The unique part of this apartment is a spacious garden where you can relax after a long day Cosy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp’. With a nice few on the garden, in a really quit street.  'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city. De Pijp in Amsterdam is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within w","'De Pijp' as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. The Pijp is known for the vividness of it, and almost feels like a little village inside the city. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Heineken Museum, the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, The Royal Concerthall, Paradiso, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum.The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam.","The apartment is well located which makes it easy to get to the apartment. There are multiple tram/bus options to get to the apartment or to get into city center. After a booking is confirmed we will provide details how to reach the apartment. Also if needed, we can arrange airportshuttle directly to the apartment.",Please respect our houserules and treat the apartment as it yours.
