,"In 2009 we built our own houseboat, a dream that came true. To wake up in the morning with the reflection of the sunlight on the surface of the water and hear the water birds singing is a unique way to live within the city. To share with you the experience and feeling of living on a houseboat in the canals of Amsterdam, we created a stylish and comfortable bed and breakfast on our houseboat. We are very proud of the result and would like to welcome you on our BedonBoard. The BedonBoard is a beautiful light room with adjacent private bathroom in a new, spacious and modern houseboat. The room is located on a quiet green walkway near the Westerpark and at 500 meters from the Jordaan. The room has a comfortable king-size bed (1.80 x 2.10), a modern bathroom with private toilet, shower.There is a fridge, a water boiler and a coffee maker. Outside the B&B there is a terrace were you can enjoy your breakfast are a coffee of wine in the evening.","In 2009 we built our own houseboat, a dream that came true. To wake up in the morning with the reflection of the sunlight on the surface of the water and hear the water birds singing is a unique way to live within the city. To share with you the experience and feeling of living on a houseboat in the canals of Amsterdam, we created a stylish and comfortable bed and breakfast on our houseboat. We are very proud of the result and would like to welcome you on our BedonBoard. The BedonBoard is a beautiful light room with adjacent private bathroom in a new, spacious and modern houseboat. The room is located on a quiet green walkway near the Westerpark and at 500 meters from the Jordaan. The room has a comfortable king-size bed (1.80 x 2.10), a modern bathroom with private toilet, shower.There is a fridge, a water boiler and a coffee maker. Outside the B&B there is a terrace were you can enjoy your breakfast are a coffee of wine in the evening.",,,"Dear Guest, Please feel welcome to rent our B&B on our houseboat.  Please note that we don't allow smoking, drugs and party on our B&B. We are very strict !"
