"Our beautiful 27 mtr long houseboat, is situated at the picturesque Nieuwmarkt alongside the canal Oudeschans right in the centre of the historic and lively downtown. ","Our ship is 27 meters long and is located on one of the most beautiful canals in the historic center of Amsterdam. The kitchen is very spacious and bright, with a sliding door at the water side. The kitchen is full equipped with cooker, fridge, microwave and even a dishwasher. In the living room there are Wifi, T.V. and stereo. The bathroom is spacious with a bathtub and a separate shower. And then in the point of the ship is the bedroom with a double bed. Everything has central heating. Outside on the deck you can sit and enjoy living on the water. ","Our beautiful 27 mtr long houseboat, is situated at the picturesque Nieuwmarkt alongside the canal Oudeschans right in the centre of the historic and lively downtown.  Our ship is 27 meters long and is located on one of the most beautiful canals in the historic center of Amsterdam. The kitchen is very spacious and bright, with a sliding door at the water side. The kitchen is full equipped with cooker, fridge, microwave and even a dishwasher. In the living room there are Wifi, T.V. and stereo. The bathroom is spacious with a bathtub and a separate shower. And then in the point of the ship is the bedroom with a double bed. Everything has central heating. Outside on the deck you can sit and enjoy living on the water. The whole boat is at your disposal, please enjoy it. In a small room, we do our private stuff. Room is not locked. Upon arrival you will receive the key and then we leave. There is a manual with phone numbers provided. If necessary, we are available to assist in 10 minutes. N","Nearby: • Public transport train/tram/subway • Two supermarket 100 meters • Rembrandt house and Jewish Historical Museum 5 minutes walk. • The famous ""Waterloo"" Flea Market 4 minutes walk. • The Opera / Ballet (Stopera) 4 minutes walk. • Restaurants, Coffee Shops, bars and shops within a very short walking distance. • Flowermarket and Rembrandt Square are within an approximate 15 min walk. • Hermitage Museum 10 minutes walk. • Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk and Van Gogh museum 30 minutes walk Within walking distance you will find everything Amsterdam has to offer; the hip and buzzing city centre is around the corner and cosy bars and prime restaurants are to be found everywhere. Shopping is done in many of the streets of Amsterdam, within a minute’s walk. The perfect way to explore Amsterdam is the typical Dutch way; by bike!. Two bikes are included. More bikes could be rent for €10,- a day, nearby ","Train/metro/trams. Nearby are several parking garages. If you fly to Schiphol Airport, take the train to Amsterdam center. It's cheaper than a taxi and also faster than a taxi. From Amsterdam Central Station is a 10 minute walk to the ship.",No smoking in the bedroom and bathroom. In the wheelhouse is it possible to smoke.
