Feel the urban vibe in this spacious 30's apartment and hang out in your own garden: it's possible in Amsterdam! Located in a quiet neighbourhood next to a beautiful park and playground but with the lively city center on 10 minutes walking distance.,"-> beautifully furnished with 100 m2 floor space  -> lovely garden of 50 m2 with a terrace and dining table  -> located in a cozy and quiet residential area within the center ring of Amsterdam, in a street without ongoing traffic  -> ideal for families with a playground on the opposite of the apartment and on a stone's throw from a beautiful landscaped park with canals and rose gardens -> spacious living room with a '30s bar and 40 inch LED TV  -> large dining room with 8-person dining table  -> fully equipped kitchen with all necessary appliances such as a dishwasher, large fridge/freezer, Boretti oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine and multifunction food processor -> master bedroom with a king-size 2-person boxspring bed which is electric adjustable, flat screen TV and built-in wardrobe  -> there are 2 extra single beds which both can be placed in any of the spacious rooms: bedroom, living room or dining room -> designer bathroom with large bath and rain shower -> kitchen and b","Feel the urban vibe in this spacious 30's apartment and hang out in your own garden: it's possible in Amsterdam! Located in a quiet neighbourhood next to a beautiful park and playground but with the lively city center on 10 minutes walking distance. -> beautifully furnished with 100 m2 floor space  -> lovely garden of 50 m2 with a terrace and dining table  -> located in a cozy and quiet residential area within the center ring of Amsterdam, in a street without ongoing traffic  -> ideal for families with a playground on the opposite of the apartment and on a stone's throw from a beautiful landscaped park with canals and rose gardens -> spacious living room with a '30s bar and 40 inch LED TV  -> large dining room with 8-person dining table  -> fully equipped kitchen with all necessary appliances such as a dishwasher, large fridge/freezer, Boretti oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine and multifunction food processor -> master bedroom with a king-size 2-person boxspring bed which is el",I have a detailed map with information of what to do in the neighbourhood. You will also find a lot of brochures about various activities in and outside Amsterdam,"-> most of the main attractions are within reasonable walking distance -> experience Amsterdam like a true citizen and explore 'your' Amsterdam by bike! It's very easy to rent one; in the apartment I have several brochures of rental companies.   -> the well organised public transport system is just a minute away. Several buses and trams come every 10 to 15 minutes and the bus/tram stop is located around the corner of the apartment -> if you come by car or you want to rent one, there is enough parking availability in front of the apartment but you need to buy a parking ticket. You can also park your car in a garage for only 8 euros per day, just a few minutes driving (or 10 minutes walking) from the apartment. For more information on this parking possibility you can check out (website hidden). Of course I can also advice you some really nice destinations to visit by car!","1. The kitchen is fully equiped so go crazy, but you need to clean afterwards; this part of house is not included within the regular cleaning  2. Mind the neighbours, so please: - gently close the front door and the doors to the garden  - keep your voice down after 10 pm in the garden; it's a closed compound - I know I've got a nice stereo and tv but keep the volume at a reasonable level ;-) - please don't put garbage outside; across the street you can find an underground rubbish container 3. Smoking is only allowed in the garden"
