,"This luxurious apartment has everything you need: you'll even be able to enjoy some of those Dutch rainy days.  The living room has a lovely sitting area - with sofa to relax on as well as comfortable chairs. With a large plasma TV, a DVD player and dvd's, you might want to take a blanket and a cup of tea and stay on the couch watching films all day. In case you'd like other entertainment you can also sit down behind the big Apple computer and get online, or fill up the large bathtub in the bathroom to enjoy a hot bath and relaxing music. When it's dry outside and the sun starts shining I can recommend for you to go outside. You'll step right into the center of the Amsterdam neighborhood called Jordaan. This area is like a village in the bustling city with small shops, restaurants and nice outdoor terraces everywhere. The Noordermarkt offers what's been voted as the best apple pie in Amsterdam - and a bit later on in the day you can enjoy a beer in cafe Nol. Of course, I can share more","This luxurious apartment has everything you need: you'll even be able to enjoy some of those Dutch rainy days.  The living room has a lovely sitting area - with sofa to relax on as well as comfortable chairs. With a large plasma TV, a DVD player and dvd's, you might want to take a blanket and a cup of tea and stay on the couch watching films all day. In case you'd like other entertainment you can also sit down behind the big Apple computer and get online, or fill up the large bathtub in the bathroom to enjoy a hot bath and relaxing music. When it's dry outside and the sun starts shining I can recommend for you to go outside. You'll step right into the center of the Amsterdam neighborhood called Jordaan. This area is like a village in the bustling city with small shops, restaurants and nice outdoor terraces everywhere. The Noordermarkt offers what's been voted as the best apple pie in Amsterdam - and a bit later on in the day you can enjoy a beer in cafe Nol. Of course, I can share more",,A scooter is available on request,Behave like it is your own house!
