We are officially licensed by the City of Amsterdam to rent our apartment.  It is in a more than 300 years old house right on one of the oldest canals.  What our guests love most is the view of the canal (see 2nd picture) from the french balcony.,"Situated in the very centre of Amsterdam, at the Herengracht, one of the oldest, most beautiful and famous canals in Amsterdam.  The monumental apartment is one level (stairs) above streetlevel (see the red arrow in the first picture).  The doorman will welcome you, handover the keys and show you the apartment.  Walking distance from: The Royal Palace and the central square Dam: 3 minutes The Anne Frank House and Westertower: 2 minutes Madame Toussaud Museum: 3 minutes Central Railway Station of Amsterdam: 12 minutes Many streetcars (trams), buses and trains nearby to visit every corner of Amsterdam and The Netherlands by public transport.  Hundreds of small shops, cafes and restaurants in the neighbourhood.  The apartment has a livingroom with an open kitchen corner, 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a separate toilet.  Antique furniture,  large dining table, washing and drying machines, fast wireless internet everywhere, including the bedrooms, microwave, stove, espresso machine, (Hario) p","We are officially licensed by the City of Amsterdam to rent our apartment.  It is in a more than 300 years old house right on one of the oldest canals.  What our guests love most is the view of the canal (see 2nd picture) from the french balcony. Situated in the very centre of Amsterdam, at the Herengracht, one of the oldest, most beautiful and famous canals in Amsterdam.  The monumental apartment is one level (stairs) above streetlevel (see the red arrow in the first picture).  The doorman will welcome you, handover the keys and show you the apartment.  Walking distance from: The Royal Palace and the central square Dam: 3 minutes The Anne Frank House and Westertower: 2 minutes Madame Toussaud Museum: 3 minutes Central Railway Station of Amsterdam: 12 minutes Many streetcars (trams), buses and trains nearby to visit every corner of Amsterdam and The Netherlands by public transport.  Hundreds of small shops, cafes and restaurants in the neighbourhood.  The apartment has a livingroom wit","A description of cafes, restaurants, museums, etc. is waiting for our guests on the dining table.",,Please respect the quiet atmosphere of a 311 year old renovated canal-house in the heart of Amsterdam.  No (noisy) parties. No pets. No smoking.  Smoking of marijuana or weed is strictly forbidden. Even smoking this in small quantities will be noticed instantaneously by neighbors and may lead to the immediate cancellation of the contract.
