"Book right away, ill do everything to get u an unforgettable stay.","One of the best houseboats in Central Amsterdam, luxurous, fantastic terrace on the water and great view on a very good location, near the center. Quiet neighboorhood with shops and restaurants. Next to the Vondelpark and Musea aerea. If you want a real comfortable stay, on a not commonplace object, this is the place for you. Watch the boats and the swans passing by. Walk through the vondelpark to the center and musea. This a beautiful well mordern designed boathouse with large windows that let in a lot of ligh. Is an open space where you can interact easily. You have a well and beautiful designed shower with a shower cap. The walls are white and makes the place more specious.  One big bedroom with a double bed and a semi open room with one twin bed (140 cm-200 cm). Open kitchen, big living room with big launch sofa, LCDTV, seperate bathroom, seperate toilet. Total square meter around 96 m. furniture is luxurous; new kitchen and bathroom. TV, good soundsystem Wireless Internet etc etc.","Book right away, ill do everything to get u an unforgettable stay. One of the best houseboats in Central Amsterdam, luxurous, fantastic terrace on the water and great view on a very good location, near the center. Quiet neighboorhood with shops and restaurants. Next to the Vondelpark and Musea aerea. If you want a real comfortable stay, on a not commonplace object, this is the place for you. Watch the boats and the swans passing by. Walk through the vondelpark to the center and musea. This a beautiful well mordern designed boathouse with large windows that let in a lot of ligh. Is an open space where you can interact easily. You have a well and beautiful designed shower with a shower cap. The walls are white and makes the place more specious.  One big bedroom with a double bed and a semi open room with one twin bed (140 cm-200 cm). Open kitchen, big living room with big launch sofa, LCDTV, seperate bathroom, seperate toilet. Total square meter around 96 m. furniture is luxurous; new ki",,,No pets  Children on request
