,"This very luxurious two-floor apartment, featuring three balconies and a roof terrace, is right in the middle of the affluent Old-West district of Amsterdam. Featuring two bedrooms with queen and king size beds, 4 people can sleep comfortably in the apartment. The apartment is situated on the third and fourth floor of a building that was built around 1900. The third floor consists of a large living room with a sofa and comfortable chairs, as well as the dining area that sits 6-10 people and has a nice view on the kitchen. This amazing kitchen could (in our humble opinion) easily be suitable to a Michelin-star chef, with it's brand-new, professional appliances, including a two ovens, a coffee machine and full gas hobb. Both the front and back of the third floor have a balcony. The stairs on the third floor lead to the fourth floor where you'll find the two bedrooms. The master bedroom has access to the balcony on the third floor. Both bedrooms have an en suite bathroom. Master bedroom: ","This very luxurious two-floor apartment, featuring three balconies and a roof terrace, is right in the middle of the affluent Old-West district of Amsterdam. Featuring two bedrooms with queen and king size beds, 4 people can sleep comfortably in the apartment. The apartment is situated on the third and fourth floor of a building that was built around 1900. The third floor consists of a large living room with a sofa and comfortable chairs, as well as the dining area that sits 6-10 people and has a nice view on the kitchen. This amazing kitchen could (in our humble opinion) easily be suitable to a Michelin-star chef, with it's brand-new, professional appliances, including a two ovens, a coffee machine and full gas hobb. Both the front and back of the third floor have a balcony. The stairs on the third floor lead to the fourth floor where you'll find the two bedrooms. The master bedroom has access to the balcony on the third floor. Both bedrooms have an en suite bathroom. Master bedroom: ",,,Leave the house as it was when you arrived.
