"Our luxurious studio Somoya's Saloon is your ultimate ship experience in Amsterdam! With your own entrance & total freedom - you are our ONLY guests. This independent studio on our family ship is VERY private & well equipped.  A huge sun-deck, complete with glorious harbour views, hammock & free bikes, add to your freedom & relaxation. Just off the main drag in the Eastern Docklands within sight of Central Station your 'home away from home' is central but so peaceful! Read the reviews...","The mooring of our unique ship - or houseboat - The Somoya is on the Java Island, a central location and safe haven of tranquility just a stone’s throw from the hustle and bustle of the old city, within sight of Central Station.  Our 36 x 6m ship houses our Bed&Boat, Somoya's Saloon* upstairs on the upper deck and we live in the main family residence downstairs in the hull. (*'saloon' = the social cabin for first-class passengers)  Somoya's Saloon is one-of-a-kind and is situated upstairs in the large steering hut of our classic ship. Somoya's Saloon has its own separate entrance and is completely private & self-sufficient. It's JUST YOU upstairs, so you are always our only & exclusive guests! You have the 'suite' luxury of your own bathroom, kitchenette, double bed, sofa & lounge area in a 45m2 blend of crisp design with a classic touch. Somoya's Saloon can accommodate 2 adults very comfortably.  *Please note that our studio is very popular and that our calendar is always up to date, ","Our luxurious studio Somoya's Saloon is your ultimate ship experience in Amsterdam! With your own entrance & total freedom - you are our ONLY guests. This independent studio on our family ship is VERY private & well equipped.  A huge sun-deck, complete with glorious harbour views, hammock & free bikes, add to your freedom & relaxation. Just off the main drag in the Eastern Docklands within sight of Central Station your 'home away from home' is central but so peaceful! Read the reviews... The mooring of our unique ship - or houseboat - The Somoya is on the Java Island, a central location and safe haven of tranquility just a stone’s throw from the hustle and bustle of the old city, within sight of Central Station.  Our 36 x 6m ship houses our Bed&Boat, Somoya's Saloon* upstairs on the upper deck and we live in the main family residence downstairs in the hull. (*'saloon' = the social cabin for first-class passengers)  Somoya's Saloon is one-of-a-kind and is situated upstairs in the large ","LOCATION Our beautiful ship The Somoya is moored in the heart of the city’s famous Eastern Docklands, internationally known for it’s ‘Super Dutch’ architecture, wide open harbours and wicked sunsets. The neighborhood is also ideal given its proximity to the infamous historical city centre as well as the cultural hotchpotch of Eastern Amsterdam with its colorful markets and exotic food. The docklands themselves offer a variety of good restaurants, hip bars and cool cafes with great views, as well as shops and supermarkets within walking distance. A short bike ride away is our Gooyen windmill, complete with real dutch brewery, renowned for its excellent IJ bier. Getting to all our famous museums, infamous neighbourhoods & must-see sights from the Somoya is a breeze, especially on our free bicycles, as Amsterdam is an international village, in size as well as atmosphere.","For those rare birds who prefer walking or public transport to bikes we are a very short wander away from tram 10, tram 26 and bus 48. Walking into the centre of the old part of town would take about 15-30 minutes depending on where you want to be. Amsterdam is TINY compared to most international cities and is very walkable. Tram 10 takes you straight to the museum district in about 15 minutes. Getting here:  As well as being a hop, skip and a jump away from Central station the Somoya is also very easy to get to by car. If you need directions and information about cheap parking, let us know.  From Schiphol Airport: Taxi’s direct from Schiphol Airport to the Somoya cost about €50 to €60 depending on time and traffic. For booking taxi’s directly please check the Schiphol airport website on internet. Train: Alternatively take a train from the airport to Amsterdam Central Station. Tickets can be bought in the main arrivals hall at the counter or from a vending machine. The trains leave app","House Rules  By accepting and/or making a confirmed booking to stay in Somoya's Saloon on the Somoya, all guests (='guest') releases Somoya's Saloon, owners and/or permanent inhabitants of the Somoya (='hosts') from all liability relating to injuries and/or losses and/or damages that may occur to guests and/or guests property during the guest's lodging in Somoya's Saloon, the dates of which are defined by the AirBnB booking dates between check-in and check-out times as stated or requested by guest. Guest agrees to hold hosts entirely free from any liability, including financial responsibility for injuries incurred, regardless of whether injuries, losses and/or damages are caused by negligence. Guests also acknowledge the risks involved in lodging on a ship. These include but are not limited to accidents and damages typical to lodging in a house or ship. Additionally, guest states not to have any conditions that will increase the likelihood of experiencing injuries while staying with ho"
