"Luxury 70 m² apartment with fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with bath tub, flatscreen tv's, large screen (80 inch) home cinema with 5 seats and a sunny private garden. The 2 person apartment lies in quiet street at 5 min ride (by tram) from the city center.",The apartment is unique because of its private sunny garden at a stone's throw from the historic city center with its world famous canals. If you like to stay home for a night you can watch a movie in the home cinema with real cinema seats and an 80 inch (200 centimeters) screen.,"Luxury 70 m² apartment with fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with bath tub, flatscreen tv's, large screen (80 inch) home cinema with 5 seats and a sunny private garden. The 2 person apartment lies in quiet street at 5 min ride (by tram) from the city center. The apartment is unique because of its private sunny garden at a stone's throw from the historic city center with its world famous canals. If you like to stay home for a night you can watch a movie in the home cinema with real cinema seats and an 80 inch (200 centimeters) screen. You will have private access to the whole apartment, garden and garden house. I will only be at the apartment on arrival and departure. Arival and departure times are quite flexible. The apartment lies in a relaxed neighboorhood very close to the Amstel river. The banks of the Amstel river are used by locals for jogging, cycling and relaxing. Further the neighboorhood has several supermarkets and other convenience stores for all your daily needs. ","The apartment lies in a relaxed neighboorhood very close to the Amstel river. The banks of the Amstel river are used by locals for jogging, cycling and relaxing. Further the neighboorhood has several supermarkets and other convenience stores for all your daily needs. ",,The apartment is a non-smoking apartment. It is possible to smoke in the garden. Animals are not allowed in the apartment. Further just treat the apartment and the neighborhood as if it were your own.
