APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★Newly Renovated & Stylishly Designed ★ Perfect Location IN CITY CENTRE ★Fully Equipped Kitchen ★Washing machine ★Fast & Free WIFI ★ Outside terrace Our 4-person apartment is located right between the lively city centre and the cozy Jordaan district. The trendy Herenstraat with its many hip stores and restaurants is a great starting point for discovering Amsterdam.,"The ultra-modern interior styling in combination with warm, atmospheric elements will make you quickly feel at home in this apartment. Both bedrooms have 2 comfortable single box-spring beds with extra thick mattresses, which ensures a good night’s sleep after a long day in the city! The apartment has a spacious seating area around the flat-screen cable TV with DVD player. It has a bathroom with walk-in shower, a separate toilet and two bedrooms. It has a large open-plan kitchen with an oven, dishwasher, gas stove and washing machine. It has a dining area and all the necessary kitchenware is provided. A nespresso coffee machine as well as wi-fi facilities for your entertainment. This apartment offers a unique Amsterdam Living experience! ★ Fully equipped kitchen ★ Bathroom with a shower, washbasin ★ Separate toilet ★ Free coffee & tea ★ Free Shampoo ★ Washing machine ★ Flat screen TV ★ WIFI ★ Extra pillows for the bed ★ Warm plaids & decorative accessories I'm sure you will enjoy your ","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★Newly Renovated & Stylishly Designed ★ Perfect Location IN CITY CENTRE ★Fully Equipped Kitchen ★Washing machine ★Fast & Free WIFI ★ Outside terrace Our 4-person apartment is located right between the lively city centre and the cozy Jordaan district. The trendy Herenstraat with its many hip stores and restaurants is a great starting point for discovering Amsterdam. The ultra-modern interior styling in combination with warm, atmospheric elements will make you quickly feel at home in this apartment. Both bedrooms have 2 comfortable single box-spring beds with extra thick mattresses, which ensures a good night’s sleep after a long day in the city! The apartment has a spacious seating area around the flat-screen cable TV with DVD player. It has a bathroom with walk-in shower, a separate toilet and two bedrooms. It has a large open-plan kitchen with an oven, dishwasher, gas stove and washing machine. It has a dining area and all the necessary kitchenware is provided. A ","The famous Noordermarkt, with its twice weekly market is just around the corner, the Anne Frank House is only 5 minutes walk and Amsterdam’s famous shopping area 'THE NINE STREETS' is a 10 minutes walk. Amsterdam is a very vibrant City and you will be staying right in the middle of it!","Right in CITY CENTRE! So actually you can just walk. But if you insist... you can take a tram for a 2 minute ride! :-) and get off at Nieuwezijds Kolk Tram: 1,2,5,17","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00 and keep quiet in the courtyard after 22:00. Any loud noise really echoes and causes a lot of nuisance. •	House parties are prohibited. •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you on"
