"This new apartment (2012) is spacious (90m2) and luxurious with two comfortable bedrooms, a large living room with open kitchen, luxurious bathroom and balcony. Convenient tram connection to city center in 15 min. Featuring: - Bathroom with large bath and separate shower - Modern open kitchen with dish washer and ceramic cooking plates - Balcony on south side of the apartment - Two comfortable bedrooms and living room all with large windows on the south side of the apartment - 46"" Flatscreen TV","The living room is spacious and light with large windows and balcony door. The single bedroom has a desk in it, which allows business travelers to have a private work space. The bathroom is luxuriously equipped with large shower and separate bath.","This new apartment (2012) is spacious (90m2) and luxurious with two comfortable bedrooms, a large living room with open kitchen, luxurious bathroom and balcony. Convenient tram connection to city center in 15 min. Featuring: - Bathroom with large bath and separate shower - Modern open kitchen with dish washer and ceramic cooking plates - Balcony on south side of the apartment - Two comfortable bedrooms and living room all with large windows on the south side of the apartment - 46"" Flatscreen TV The living room is spacious and light with large windows and balcony door. The single bedroom has a desk in it, which allows business travelers to have a private work space. The bathroom is luxuriously equipped with large shower and separate bath. The host is available by telephone/ (Hidden by Airbnb) during the stay. The neighbourhood is tidy and quiet, situated on the west side of Amsterdam with three direct tram connections taking you to the city centre in 15 minutes time. The railway station","The neighbourhood is tidy and quiet, situated on the west side of Amsterdam with three direct tram connections taking you to the city centre in 15 minutes time. The railway station Lelylaan is 5 minutes walking and brings you to Schiphol Airport in 8 minutes time.",,
