"This is a private room with in our apartment (on the canal), hidden from the noise and crowd. Oases of relaxing after exploring the city with modern and private bath room. We love our guests, but we know how to leave them a whole privacy.","The luxury and charming guest room in our apartment located within walking distance to all that Amsterdam has to offer. Centrally situated in the historical Jordaan quarter of the city, around the corner from The Anne Frank House, the Saturday Market and the Monday Textile market. An assortment of hi-end boutiques, authentic local pubs and cuisine with and array of art galleries, design studios and cultural events, Jordaan is one of Amsterdam’s most delightful local hotspots 5 minutes walk from the main Dam square (where the Royal Palace and National Monument are located) and an easy 5-15 minute walk to all major tourist attractions, famous museums and night life.  Our newly renovated private guest room (with PRIVATE BATHROOM) is designed with a modern Dutch interior and style; plush towels and luxury soap, a queen-sized box spring bed, linens, mini bar, Nespresso coffee machine, a digital TV and free Wi-Fi.  The room is situated in a luxury renovated 17th century building. A lovely hi","This is a private room with in our apartment (on the canal), hidden from the noise and crowd. Oases of relaxing after exploring the city with modern and private bath room. We love our guests, but we know how to leave them a whole privacy. The luxury and charming guest room in our apartment located within walking distance to all that Amsterdam has to offer. Centrally situated in the historical Jordaan quarter of the city, around the corner from The Anne Frank House, the Saturday Market and the Monday Textile market. An assortment of hi-end boutiques, authentic local pubs and cuisine with and array of art galleries, design studios and cultural events, Jordaan is one of Amsterdam’s most delightful local hotspots 5 minutes walk from the main Dam square (where the Royal Palace and National Monument are located) and an easy 5-15 minute walk to all major tourist attractions, famous museums and night life.  Our newly renovated private guest room (with PRIVATE BATHROOM) is designed with a moder",This is the most wonderfull neighborhood in Amsterdam: it's the canals area & the bohemian Jordaan,You don't need ant public tranportation: you can walk to all important places in our beautifull city.,No smoking No pats (we have our own doggy).  Check in after 15:00 pm Check out until 11:00 am. Consult us regarding possibility to store the luggage
