"A National Monument only 10 min away from Dam Square and Central Station. Bikes included!  Renovated in 2013. Luxury appliances. Nespresso, Private Parking. Rain shower. Great bed. Sun-filled garden. Welcome gift basket.","A unique national monument, in a former village thats has been enclosed by the city and protected as national heritage by the state. Even our Amsterdam friends feel like a tourist when they are here! The house has been architecturally re-designed just last year.  We worked on it for a full year, restoring original elements while creating a light filled modern space. We have a high-end kitchen with a kitchen island, a SMEG oven, Nespresso Machine, silent dishwasher and many other appliances. The house also features a luxury bathroom with heated floor tiles, a walk-in rain shower and an extra shower head (working simultaneously), dimmed lighting etc. Downstairs we have an open floor plan, creating space and light with a view of the old church and the chestnut tree out  front and open nature view out back. The L shape allows for separate seating and dining areas. The big garden doors allow you to bring the outside in and the 4 skylights really connect the house with it's lovely surroundin","A National Monument only 10 min away from Dam Square and Central Station. Bikes included!  Renovated in 2013. Luxury appliances. Nespresso, Private Parking. Rain shower. Great bed. Sun-filled garden. Welcome gift basket. A unique national monument, in a former village thats has been enclosed by the city and protected as national heritage by the state. Even our Amsterdam friends feel like a tourist when they are here! The house has been architecturally re-designed just last year.  We worked on it for a full year, restoring original elements while creating a light filled modern space. We have a high-end kitchen with a kitchen island, a SMEG oven, Nespresso Machine, silent dishwasher and many other appliances. The house also features a luxury bathroom with heated floor tiles, a walk-in rain shower and an extra shower head (working simultaneously), dimmed lighting etc. Downstairs we have an open floor plan, creating space and light with a view of the old church and the chestnut tree out  f","Enjoy everything the city has to offer, yet feel like you're staying on the country side.. Enjoy the hustle and bustle of the city center one day and take a bike ride towards the traditional villages of Holland such as Monikkendam the next.  We are located at 'Meerpad' which means lake path.  The small lake is enjoyed by kids for swimming in summer and skating in winter. On the other side we have the Vliegenbos (a city forest) perfect for your morning jog!  Around the corner you find the Nieuwendammerdijk, Famous Dutch Heritage with a Golden Age Captain's houses, a cute harbor and a lovely cafe called 't Sluisje.  We will provide you with a detailed map so you can find the nearest supermarkets, bakeries etc.  Our neighborhood is very popular for walking and biking tours. (Get used to people passing the house and pointing excitedly ;-)) We will provide you with detailed directions.","There are multiple bus connections close by, taking you to Central Station within 10 minutes. From there you can walk anywhere within the city center, or take a tram to any other neighborhood, such as the Museum Square. You can also take one of our bikes and use the ferry that leaves every 5 minutes, connecting you with the city center. We will provide you with all the information you need to make the most out of your stay.","Our house is made from wood. So please be very mindful of gas, fire etc. We have put a lot of time, love (and money) in this house. So we are looking for guests who will use your house as a quiet and comfortable abode while visiting the Amsterdam or other parts of the Netherlands."
