"Spacious/luxurious 80 m2 apartment specifications: -SUPER central and 50m from tramstops -big livingroom (with 50 inch tv, ps3, fast wifi, etc.) -big bedroom with balcony (tv in wall) -high-end kitchen  -luxe bathroom(rain shower and bath tub!)","luxurious and comfortable apartment of 80 square meters in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.'De Pijp' as we Dutch know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. The Pijp is known for its vividness, and almost feels like a little village within the city. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Heineken Museum, the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, The Royal Concerthall, Paradiso, Leidseplein, the newly opened Stedelijk museum and the Rijksmuseum. The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam and it offers food from around the world but also clothes, flowers, shoes and (website hidden) will take about ten minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You can also take the tram, stops for 6(!) different tram lines are only a three minutes walk from the apartment. De Pijp is also k","Spacious/luxurious 80 m2 apartment specifications: -SUPER central and 50m from tramstops -big livingroom (with 50 inch tv, ps3, fast wifi, etc.) -big bedroom with balcony (tv in wall) -high-end kitchen  -luxe bathroom(rain shower and bath tub!) luxurious and comfortable apartment of 80 square meters in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.'De Pijp' as we Dutch know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. The Pijp is known for its vividness, and almost feels like a little village within the city. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinair restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Within walking distance from the apartment you will find popular sites such as the Heineken Museum, the Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, The Royal Concerthall, Paradiso, Leidseplein, the newly opened Stedelijk museum and the Rijksmuseum. The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam and it offers food from around the world but also cl",,Yes! In front of the apartment is a tramstop,You can do everything you like in the apartment but I expect respect for my neighbours. This means no loud music at night and no groups of people that want to party in my beautiful apartment.
