"Modern, 2-bedroom, luxury apartment (100 sq m) in the center of Amsterdam. Located in a private park, clean and quiet. 10 min from Central Station. Easy access to all major attractions. Perfect for couples and families!","Modern, 2-bedroom, luxury apartment (100 sq m) in the center of Amsterdam. Located in a private park, clean and quiet. 10 min from Central Station. Easy access to all major attractions. Perfect for couples and families! Modern, 2-bedroom, luxury apartment (100 sq m) in the center of Amsterdam. Located in a private park, clean and quiet. 10 min from Central Station. Easy access to all major attractions. Perfect for couples and families! Fully-equipped with modern appliances and fast wireless Internet. We typically rent out the apartment when we are traveling, so you have complete privacy. However, we arrange for your check in / check out in advance and are reachable by mobile, in case you have questions about our home. Located in the Center District, our neighborhood is a private park and is in fact only 5 years old - a rarity in central Amsterdam! The park is closed to car traffic, so there is hardly any street noise and the grounds are clean and tidy. Within short walking distance, th","Modern, 2-bedroom, luxury apartment (100 sq m) in the center of Amsterdam. Located in a private park, clean and quiet. 10 min from Central Station. Easy access to all major attractions. Perfect for couples and families! Modern, 2-bedroom, luxury apartment (100 sq m) in the center of Amsterdam. Located in a private park, clean and quiet. 10 min from Central Station. Easy access to all major attractions. Perfect for couples and families! Modern, 2-bedroom, luxury apartment (100 sq m) in the center of Amsterdam. Located in a private park, clean and quiet. 10 min from Central Station. Easy access to all major attractions. Perfect for couples and families! Fully-equipped with modern appliances and fast wireless Internet. We typically rent out the apartment when we are traveling, so you have complete privacy. However, we arrange for your check in / check out in advance and are reachable by mobile, in case you have questions about our home. Located in the Center District, our neighborhood is ","Located in the Center District, our neighborhood is a private park and is in fact only 5 years old - a rarity in central Amsterdam! The park is closed to car traffic, so there is hardly any street noise and the grounds are clean and tidy. Within short walking distance, there are a supermarket, a gas station, a windmill, a brewery, a few boutiques, and a choice of local cafes, restaurants and bars. And within 10-15 minutes by tram, you can be in midst of lively, bustling scene of the Amsterdam Canal District.","There is a tram 10 stop 200 meters from our front door with a direct route to many of the major sites around the city. Tram 26 stop, 500 meters away, is 3 short stops away from Central Station. Tram 14 ( (stop is also 500 meters away) will take you to Rembrandtplein or Anne Frank House.","We like to keep our house neat and clean. We are good friends with our neighbors. Please help us keep it this way:  - Remove your shoes when you enter - Do not smoke inside the apartment - Don't make too much noise We also love our dog, so yours can stay here too!"
