,"Luxurious, Spacious and light apartment One big bedroom. There is a possibility for one more double bed. In the same room or in the movie room. This is a Japanese futon matras 2 meter 1.4 meter with a topper over it. Big living room which can be transformed into two rooms.  Study room with comfortable work space good for to people.  There is a movie room with a HD projector and a ps3.  Kitchen has everything you need to cook your favorite meals. There are two balcony's one on each side of the apartment to catch some sun.  If you need any more info don't hesitate to contact me.","Luxurious, Spacious and light apartment One big bedroom. There is a possibility for one more double bed. In the same room or in the movie room. This is a Japanese futon matras 2 meter 1.4 meter with a topper over it. Big living room which can be transformed into two rooms.  Study room with comfortable work space good for to people.  There is a movie room with a HD projector and a ps3.  Kitchen has everything you need to cook your favorite meals. There are two balcony's one on each side of the apartment to catch some sun.  If you need any more info don't hesitate to contact me. You will have access to the whole appartment I will not be in the house but you can contact me anytime by phone or email or (Hidden by Airbnb) to get you more information about anything. The neighborhood De Baarsjes Supermarket around the corner with some take away shops: Suriname, Indian, Indonesian, Biological snack bar and kebab/falafal shops. Some good restaurants on walking distance. Radijs and Speijkervet  ","The neighborhood De Baarsjes Supermarket around the corner with some take away shops: Suriname, Indian, Indonesian, Biological snack bar and kebab/falafal shops. Some good restaurants on walking distance. Radijs and Speijkervet   Club 8 pool cafe where you can play pool billiard and snooker. Around the corner there is Erasmuspark where you can do a workout or catch some fresh air. ","Explore the city is easy The city center is 5-10 min a way by bike or taxi. Bus/tram stop in front of the house and will take about 10-15 min depending on point of interest. Museumplein, Leidseplein The Dam. Tram 12 -13- 14 and 7 will almost bring you anywhere directly. leaves every 10 min.",No smoking in the house. There are two balcony's where you can smoke. Don't put the music to loud respect the neighbours. Don't stay in the appartment with more people then you booked it for. When you check out make sure you leave the house clean and put everyting back in its place. Turn off the lights and the central heating system.
