A very special place close to the centre of Amsterdam with build in colorfully painted 'bedstee' in the middle and big windows facing the sun and the canal. Making this a one of a kind experience in the city!,"The apartment is all custom designed, the 'bedstee' build into the middle of the apartment is a mixture of a traditional Dutch 'bedstee' and a Tibetan fantasy temple. Everybody who sleeps there always tells me they have great dreams! The apartment gets lots of light and has big windows on the canal. Very quiet and calm atmosphere, good for a recharge!","A very special place close to the centre of Amsterdam with build in colorfully painted 'bedstee' in the middle and big windows facing the sun and the canal. Making this a one of a kind experience in the city! The apartment is all custom designed, the 'bedstee' build into the middle of the apartment is a mixture of a traditional Dutch 'bedstee' and a Tibetan fantasy temple. Everybody who sleeps there always tells me they have great dreams! The apartment gets lots of light and has big windows on the canal. Very quiet and calm atmosphere, good for a recharge! The kitchen is full of all amenities you will need for your stay, oven, washing machine etc. (no dish washer, but I love to clean my dishes whilst looking out into the inner gardens, full of cats and birds!) I will host my guest myself and I live in the same building as well so will be close by if any further questions! My place is in a perfect location within the city, just 5 min walk and you are in Leidseplein and the inner canal r","My place is in a perfect location within the city, just 5 min walk and you are in Leidseplein and the inner canal ring so it is very close to the centre. Also located around the corner of the famous 'Food hallen' which is nice to enjoy a bite or watch a movie and the 'ten Katen' market where you can get veggies and groceries. Very close by is my favorite park in Amsterdam, the Vondelpark which is nice for cycling or enjoying a tea in the charming blue teahouse.","Very easy to reach from Central station, several trams you can take and just a 15min ride. The tram stops one block away from my apartment.","Please feel free to use everything around the apartment as long as it is in respect of the owner and my neighbors. No smoking in the apartment, I live on a lovely quiet street that provides you with all the space to light one up outside :) Also no parties in the house please!"
