,"Clijsen residence Short - Stay Apartments is centrally located in the heart of the world famous canal area of Amsterdam. Through three big windows you look at one of the main canals of Amsterdam.﻿﻿ This canal area has just recently been added to the UNESCO world heritage list.  The location is in the center of Amsterdam and you can walk to all the interesting sights such as the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, Anne Frank House, Flower Market. There are also many bars, restaurants, cafes, shops, parks etc Amsterdam Central Station is a 5-minute tram ride. The tram stop is 1 minute and there are three tram lines take you around the city.  The apartment is furnished in a conventional manner with all the needs for a short stay comfortable. A double bed, a table, a double sofa bed, a TV, a fully equipped kitchen with all kitchen appliances and a washer. Free wireless internet and free Nespresso coffee during your stay are available.  We prefer our guests to book a minimal stay of three day","Clijsen residence Short - Stay Apartments is centrally located in the heart of the world famous canal area of Amsterdam. Through three big windows you look at one of the main canals of Amsterdam.﻿﻿ This canal area has just recently been added to the UNESCO world heritage list.  The location is in the center of Amsterdam and you can walk to all the interesting sights such as the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, Anne Frank House, Flower Market. There are also many bars, restaurants, cafes, shops, parks etc Amsterdam Central Station is a 5-minute tram ride. The tram stop is 1 minute and there are three tram lines take you around the city.  The apartment is furnished in a conventional manner with all the needs for a short stay comfortable. A double bed, a table, a double sofa bed, a TV, a fully equipped kitchen with all kitchen appliances and a washer. Free wireless internet and free Nespresso coffee during your stay are available.  We prefer our guests to book a minimal stay of three day",,,There are other apartments in the building so please respect the other people staying here especially with regards to noise levels. No smoking inside.
