"Our spacious, modern appartment lies in a bustling neighbourhood of Amsterdam, only 10 minutes by tram or bike from the city centre, and 15 minutes from Dam Square. It's situated on the 4th floor (no elevator but wide staircase) and has all mod cons.","Our appt. has a very contemporary interior and is spacious for Amsterdam standards (± 90 m2). It consists of a comfortable and cosy living room (with flat screen TV with international channels) a good soundsystem, a small, south facing balcony, a spacious master bedroom (bed = 1,60 x 2 meters) with a bath that fits 2 people, but the heart of the house is the big kitchen with a 6 meters long worktop including a stove, big oven and dishwasher, fridge and a table that easily seats 6.  The shower with washing machine is small but adequate, the toilet is separate. There is a small side room where we keep our laundry and clothes. The appartment block is build in 1995, so has all modern comforts like central heating, etc.","Our spacious, modern appartment lies in a bustling neighbourhood of Amsterdam, only 10 minutes by tram or bike from the city centre, and 15 minutes from Dam Square. It's situated on the 4th floor (no elevator but wide staircase) and has all mod cons. Our appt. has a very contemporary interior and is spacious for Amsterdam standards (± 90 m2). It consists of a comfortable and cosy living room (with flat screen TV with international channels) a good soundsystem, a small, south facing balcony, a spacious master bedroom (bed = 1,60 x 2 meters) with a bath that fits 2 people, but the heart of the house is the big kitchen with a 6 meters long worktop including a stove, big oven and dishwasher, fridge and a table that easily seats 6.  The shower with washing machine is small but adequate, the toilet is separate. There is a small side room where we keep our laundry and clothes. The appartment block is build in 1995, so has all modern comforts like central heating, etc. You have access to the w","We are in a quiet street. Just around the corner on Jan Evertsenstraat are trendy bars, shops and restaurants and good public transport links to anywhere in the city. Our multicultural burrough 'The Baarsjes' is build in the early 30's by the famous Dutch architecture group 'The Amsterdamse School' of which architect Berlage is known around the world. He co-designed Mercatorplein (square), which is 3 mins from our home and the centre of the Baarsjes. That's also the place where you find bike rentals.  You can wander around the area and enjoy the architecture, or dine in one of the new, trendy restaurants that have popped up over the last 5 years. The Baarsjes has become very popular in the last decade, so it has a young, diverse population. It's very safe, you can easily walk the street at night on your own. There are some really good coffeeshops around like Loft and Boerenjongens, if you like a quality smoke and good coffee.  Cycling is easy since there are a lot of bicycle lanes. The","We have a number of trams and buses very close by, so you can reach any part of town easily. We are also very close to the Ring (A10) so access by car is no problem and there is plenty parking space, although parking is expensive within the Ring. But my friends usually park just outside the Ring (near the metrostation) for free and take tram 13 (3 stops) to my house.  On Mercatorplein (2 mins from our house) you can rent bikes: the best way of getting around our city if you are a bit familiar with cycling. Please take care, since we cycle like crazy in Amsterdam, in this city bikers rule the streets. Don't walk on bicycle lanes since you might be run over by bikers. We are always in a hurry on a bike, for us it's a way of getting from A to B as fast as possible. A more relaxed way is walking into the city centre, this takes about 20-25 minutes and will give you the chance to explore the other neighbourhoods on the way, like the Kinkerbuurt where you have a lot of nice shops and a big f",Please leave the house as clean as you found it.
