"Cosy room (within my own apartment) only 15 minutes away from Central Amsterdam (Leidseplein/Museum plein). Great access to  Schiphol, motorways & public transportation. Secure PnR facility 500m away (€8pd). Shopping centre nearby.","Our apartment is only two years old.  So the space is bright, light and modern.  The room consists of a double (but separable) bed and includes the facilities below.    We are both foreigners who moved to the city some years ago and stayed because we loved it.  We are keen to share this feeling with our visitors.","Cosy room (within my own apartment) only 15 minutes away from Central Amsterdam (Leidseplein/Museum plein). Great access to  Schiphol, motorways & public transportation. Secure PnR facility 500m away (€8pd). Shopping centre nearby. Our apartment is only two years old.  So the space is bright, light and modern.  The room consists of a double (but separable) bed and includes the facilities below.    We are both foreigners who moved to the city some years ago and stayed because we loved it.  We are keen to share this feeling with our visitors. Standard access to: - Room with TV (30+ channels), WiFi, coffee/tea facilities. - Shower room and toilet - Printer Full access to : - Living, kitchen, dining and balcony areas Welcome on arrival. Support when needed. West Amsterdam is unique as it is within easy reach of the city centre yet slightly on the periphery to by close to parks (Sloterpark and Westerpark), transport lines, low cost PnR (8pd), shopping centres etc.    Transport links are onl","West Amsterdam is unique as it is within easy reach of the city centre yet slightly on the periphery to by close to parks (Sloterpark and Westerpark), transport lines, low cost PnR (8pd), shopping centres etc.   ","Transport links are only 200m from the apartment - metro line 50 & 51, tramline 7 & 14 and bus number 21 all go to the centre. Also, the train stations Sloterdijk and Lelylaan are close by (serving Schiphol and Central Station).",
