,"This recently renovated 3rd floor studio apartment is in a classic Amsterdam-style building in a vibrant and interesting part of town. The apartment is clean and modern with a warm, light and colourful touch. The room has a large and comfortable Queen-size bed, fast internet (wifi & cable), central heating, small kitchen/fridge/combioven/washing machine etc and a separate small bathroom with a shower. One whole wall of the studio consists of two large windows and double-doors for plenty of light and fresh air. It would suit someone looking for their own personal space and privacy or a couple; with the ability to add up to two extra persons on the couch that folds out to become a second bed.  The location offers the best of both worlds for busy Amsterdam. It is situated in a very quiet street/area yet is close to the Centre of town to be only 15 minute bike or tram ride away. The no. 14 tram stops right in front of the house, which will take you directly to Rembrantplein & Dam Square an","This recently renovated 3rd floor studio apartment is in a classic Amsterdam-style building in a vibrant and interesting part of town. The apartment is clean and modern with a warm, light and colourful touch. The room has a large and comfortable Queen-size bed, fast internet (wifi & cable), central heating, small kitchen/fridge/combioven/washing machine etc and a separate small bathroom with a shower. One whole wall of the studio consists of two large windows and double-doors for plenty of light and fresh air. It would suit someone looking for their own personal space and privacy or a couple; with the ability to add up to two extra persons on the couch that folds out to become a second bed.  The location offers the best of both worlds for busy Amsterdam. It is situated in a very quiet street/area yet is close to the Centre of town to be only 15 minute bike or tram ride away. The no. 14 tram stops right in front of the house, which will take you directly to Rembrantplein & Dam Square an",,,My neighbours are strict about noise. No parties allowed.
