"A modern, recently renovated Studio Apartment in the city center.","The  Apartment Situated on the 2nd floor of a residential building. Entrance to the building on ground level, one flight of stairs and entrance to the apartment. The studio consists of an entrance hall, living area, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and washer/dryer closet. A wall to separate the two spaces and create a sense of privacy divides the living area and bedroom. There is a confortable queen-size bed and closet space in the bedroom. After a long day of sightseeing you can relax on the large sofa in the living room, which can also be converted into a queen-size bed. There is a large flat screen tv in the living area and a small one in the bedroom. The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, microwave, oven, espresso machine) and there is a dishwasher. Bathroom with walk-in shower, washbasin and toilet.","A modern, recently renovated Studio Apartment in the city center.","Located near the charming neighborhood The Pijp and around the corner from buzzing Utrechtsestraat you could not find a better location. Sights like the Heineken brewery, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Albert Cuyp Market and Rembrandtplein are all within easy walking distance. Utrechtsestraat is dotted with great shops, bars and some of Amsterdam’s finest and hippest restaurants. Very easy access to public transport which will take you anywhere you want to go in the city.","There are two tram stops near the apartment, one where you can catch Tram 7 & 10 (going to Leidseplein & the Jordaan neighborhood) and the other with Tram 4 (stopping at the Canals, Dam square and Central Station). To reach the apartment coming from Central Station, take Tram 4 and get off on Frederiksplein. If you take the Airport Express (bus 197) from Schiphol Airport, get off on Leidse Square and take tram 7 or 10 to Frederiksplein. It's a very short walk from the tram stop to the studio. Around the corner from the apartment there is a taxi stop and a metro station is also nearby.","- No party's - Inform me if you break or damage anything, we will work something out - Be respectful to my neighbors - Do not loose the keys"
