"De Pijp is well known for the wide variety of bars and restaurants and famous Albert Cuypt market on the next street six days a week. A superb location in Amsterdam; buzzing and alive, yet peaceful when it matters.","Located in the heart of the trendy yet peaceful 'de Pijp area' of Amsterdam. Known locally as the hot spot of the area. 15 mins from Central Station and a short walk to the city centre. Long beaches and sand dunes a 30 min train ride away.  You will be a 5 min walk away from the Museum Quarter, where you can find the Van Gogh, the Stedelijk and you can see the Rijksmuseum from the end of the street.  The apartment is really quite spacious for  2 people.  It's a residential buidling - therefore it is important to consider noise levels late at night etc. The apartment is on the second floor. There are 2 flights of short but fairly steep, typical Dutch stairs which might be a problem for the very elderly or infirm, but no problem otherwise for anyone else.","De Pijp is well known for the wide variety of bars and restaurants and famous Albert Cuypt market on the next street six days a week. A superb location in Amsterdam; buzzing and alive, yet peaceful when it matters. Located in the heart of the trendy yet peaceful 'de Pijp area' of Amsterdam. Known locally as the hot spot of the area. 15 mins from Central Station and a short walk to the city centre. Long beaches and sand dunes a 30 min train ride away.  You will be a 5 min walk away from the Museum Quarter, where you can find the Van Gogh, the Stedelijk and you can see the Rijksmuseum from the end of the street.  The apartment is really quite spacious for  2 people.  It's a residential buidling - therefore it is important to consider noise levels late at night etc. The apartment is on the second floor. There are 2 flights of short but fairly steep, typical Dutch stairs which might be a problem for the very elderly or infirm, but no problem otherwise for anyone else. All the amenities of ","You have over 200 cafes, bars and restaurants within a 5 minute walking distance. Albert Cuypt market is one street away and open 6 days a week.",Tram 24 is a few minutes walk away and goes direct to Amsterdam Central Sation. Walking is the best way to discover Amsterdam! For parking options go to: (URL HIDDEN) Then click on the the park+ride option.,No smoking allowed. Please remember that I have neighbours to consider.
