"A modern and bright apartment in the east side of the city center.  Located on a nice street with little boutiques, restaurants and coffee places. Bus and tram stops in front of the house.  Our sweet cat will keep you company.","We love our apartment; it's spacious and clean and has all the amenities you need. A new kitchen with microwave, oven, fridge, freezer and dining area. A quiet bedroom with a two-person bed and nice garden view. The living-room is spacious and bright.","A modern and bright apartment in the east side of the city center.  Located on a nice street with little boutiques, restaurants and coffee places. Bus and tram stops in front of the house.  Our sweet cat will keep you company. We love our apartment; it's spacious and clean and has all the amenities you need. A new kitchen with microwave, oven, fridge, freezer and dining area. A quiet bedroom with a two-person bed and nice garden view. The living-room is spacious and bright. The apartment is located on the fourth floor of the house. There's no elevator so you will have to take the stairs to access the apartment. As it's on the top floor it's very light and quiet. We will be there upon arrival to make sure you have a great stay! If you would need anything during your stay, we will gladly stop by and help you out. The apartment is located in the east side of the city center. Right next to the windmill of Brouwerij 't IJ. There are nice restaurants, coffee places and shops in the area. The","The apartment is located in the east side of the city center. Right next to the windmill of Brouwerij 't IJ. There are nice restaurants, coffee places and shops in the area.","There's a tram stop in front of the house that goes around the city center and stops at Leidseplein (Paradiso), Museumplein (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedlijk) and Marnixplein (the Jordaan area).  There's also a direct bus connection to Central Station which takes about 5 minutes.",Please don't smoke inside but only on the balcony.  The apartment is our home and located in a residential area. Please be respectful and don't make too much noise at night.
