"Right in Amsterdam’s Eastern Docklands near ‘Het IJ’ lies Eastend Room. You'll be in the city centre within a few minutes! Eastend Room is a luxurious studio with its own entrance and terrace. The studio has a great atmosphere, so you will feel right at home! There is no kitchen, but you'll find coffee/tea facilities in the studio. I am sure you will have a great time in this studio while staying in Amsterdam!","The location of The Eastend Room in this quiet, popular and architecturally attractive district provides an excellent base for exploring the Amsterdam city centre and its attractions. Also the neighborhood itself has enough to offer to make a visit to the capital of the Netherlands worthwhile.  You will have amazing views over the IJ at the Eastern Docklands! The studio itself is very modern and has a lot of natural light. It is accommodated with a comfortable king sized bed, where you really get to rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. There are coffee/tea facilities available! I hope to see you soon!","Right in Amsterdam’s Eastern Docklands near ‘Het IJ’ lies Eastend Room. You'll be in the city centre within a few minutes! Eastend Room is a luxurious studio with its own entrance and terrace. The studio has a great atmosphere, so you will feel right at home! There is no kitchen, but you'll find coffee/tea facilities in the studio. I am sure you will have a great time in this studio while staying in Amsterdam! The location of The Eastend Room in this quiet, popular and architecturally attractive district provides an excellent base for exploring the Amsterdam city centre and its attractions. Also the neighborhood itself has enough to offer to make a visit to the capital of the Netherlands worthwhile.  You will have amazing views over the IJ at the Eastern Docklands! The studio itself is very modern and has a lot of natural light. It is accommodated with a comfortable king sized bed, where you really get to rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. There are coffee/tea faci","The Eastend room is situated in one of the newest neighbourhoods of Amsterdam, on the island Sporenburg in the Eastern Docklands. The former docklands have been transformed into an attractive, modern residential area with a mix of old and modern architecture. The area is completely surrounded by water and has a dinstinctive look. See: (URL HIDDEN) Although the district is located close to the busy city centre of Amsterdam, it is an oasis of calm. In warmer weather you will find residents sitting outside at the door. Children play in the streets and there is no through traffic. Stops for public traffic (bus and tram) are just a 3 minute walk. By express tram you are only three stops away from the Amsterdam Central train station.","The journey to the centre takes about 10 minutes by bike, tram or car. A parking garage for your car is within walking distance. Parking on the streets (for a fee) is also possible. You can also park your car at ""park and ride"". Yust one tram stop away from Eastendroom.",
