"Our house is like an oasis in the bustle of Amsterdam. Especially for young families! Modern home at the edge of the city and the countryside. Best of both worlds. Two large double beds, one children-bed and two baby beds available. Luxourious bath-room, nice south-face garden. Free parking.  The house is ideal for a family with kids but can also accommodate two couples. We don't rent out to groups of students or bachelors.","Our home is perfect for young families. Even two couples, both with one or two kids would fit in easily.  We have recently changed our garden into a little oasis with a wood-stove, a small roof to sit dry even in some rain, a hammock and baby-swing, coulourful lights and mediterranean plants. Super cosy for your lazy evening after a full day of sightseeing or activities. We even have a barbecue available. Note: we don't rent out our place to groups of students or bachelor parties... Only to couples (pref. with kids).","Our house is like an oasis in the bustle of Amsterdam. Especially for young families! Modern home at the edge of the city and the countryside. Best of both worlds. Two large double beds, one children-bed and two baby beds available. Luxourious bath-room, nice south-face garden. Free parking.  The house is ideal for a family with kids but can also accommodate two couples. We don't rent out to groups of students or bachelors. Our home is perfect for young families. Even two couples, both with one or two kids would fit in easily.  We have recently changed our garden into a little oasis with a wood-stove, a small roof to sit dry even in some rain, a hammock and baby-swing, coulourful lights and mediterranean plants. Super cosy for your lazy evening after a full day of sightseeing or activities. We even have a barbecue available. Note: we don't rent out our place to groups of students or bachelor parties... Only to couples (pref. with kids). We only rent out our home when we are travelling.","Quiet neighbourhood in the North (sunny-side) of Amsterdam with easy access to the city centre by bicycle or public transportation. Very safe and with friendly neighbours. Many little children playing in the street behind our house, where there's hardly any traffic. At the edge of ""Waterland"" a beautiful green area with idyllic villages. In the North there are plenty hip restaurants to discover. The most happening part of Amsterdam. Swimming pool close by for warm Summer days with kids.",Free private parking in our garden or in front of the house (if you bring two cars). 1 minute from the main highway of Amsterdam. 1 minute walk to the bus to the city centre. Cycling to the city centre (bicycles available) will take about 20 minutes along a beautiful canal and the Noorderpark (car-free bicycle paths).,We have a very clean house and like to keep it that way. Please don't wear shoes indoors. Pets are not allowed but children are very welcome. Smoking is allowed only in the garden.
