"This recently renovated apartment is situated at one block of the famous Vondelpark! After a breakfast on the balcony, the city centre is less than 10 minutes away by bike or by tram. The perfect accommodation for 2 people to enjoy Amsterdam!","This very light apartment is situated at the Wilhelminastraat. Cross the street you will be in the Vondelpark. One bedroom with a large comfortable double bed (Auping), 180x200. Clean bathroom with a bath, a separate shower and 2 sinks. At the front there are large windows overlooking the Wilhelminastraat. A kitchen with dishwasher, oven, microwave and a fridge. A large dining table and in the other corner the comfy couch and tv and 2 balconies to relax outside after visiting Amsterdam the whole day!","This recently renovated apartment is situated at one block of the famous Vondelpark! After a breakfast on the balcony, the city centre is less than 10 minutes away by bike or by tram. The perfect accommodation for 2 people to enjoy Amsterdam! This very light apartment is situated at the Wilhelminastraat. Cross the street you will be in the Vondelpark. One bedroom with a large comfortable double bed (Auping), 180x200. Clean bathroom with a bath, a separate shower and 2 sinks. At the front there are large windows overlooking the Wilhelminastraat. A kitchen with dishwasher, oven, microwave and a fridge. A large dining table and in the other corner the comfy couch and tv and 2 balconies to relax outside after visiting Amsterdam the whole day! Prepare your perfect dinner in the new kitchen, enjoy your breakfast on the balcony, relax in the light living room or take a long shower in the renovated bathroom! The apartment is fully yours during your stay. Of course we'll provide you with a tips","Although the neighborhood is next to the city centre, it is a quiet place to relax after a long day in Amsterdam. The Vondelpark is literally 2 minutes away, so perfect to enjoy the last moments of the day before moving to one of the many bars around.","Tram line 1 stops around the corner, bringing you directly to the city centre in less than 5 minutes or the central train station in 15.","No guests allowed. No loud music Treat the apartment like it's your own. Enjoy it, take care of our stuff and leave it a bit tidy, that's all we ask! However, smoking or pets are not allowed."
