"A modern, but cosy and quiet flat to feel directly at home. The delightful restaurants, famous Albert Cuyp market and (coffee)bars are just around the corner. With this stylish apartment in a vibrant area, you get the best of both worlds.  ","A lovely modern 2 room apartment (approx. 60m2) on the third floor with a thee-for-two balcony and another sunny-south balcony. Includes: a spacious livingroom with a lazy couch and chair. Open kitchen with a fridge, large oven, Quooker, dishwasher and all basic cooking equipment.  A graceful bedroom with a box spring mattress for extra comfort. A spacious cupboard with a Scandinavian look.  A modern bathroom with rainshower and a seperate toilet.  Suitable for 2 persons. Towels and bed linen are provided.  During Christmas, there will be a large Christmas tree in the livingroom. An ideal Christmas holiday in a lovely city! ","A modern, but cosy and quiet flat to feel directly at home. The delightful restaurants, famous Albert Cuyp market and (coffee)bars are just around the corner. With this stylish apartment in a vibrant area, you get the best of both worlds.   A lovely modern 2 room apartment (approx. 60m2) on the third floor with a thee-for-two balcony and another sunny-south balcony. Includes: a spacious livingroom with a lazy couch and chair. Open kitchen with a fridge, large oven, Quooker, dishwasher and all basic cooking equipment.  A graceful bedroom with a box spring mattress for extra comfort. A spacious cupboard with a Scandinavian look.  A modern bathroom with rainshower and a seperate toilet.  Suitable for 2 persons. Towels and bed linen are provided.  During Christmas, there will be a large Christmas tree in the livingroom. An ideal Christmas holiday in a lovely city! The apartment is located in De Pijp (the Quartier Latin of Amsterdam) and is the most vibrant district of Amsterdam. The neighb","The apartment is located in De Pijp (the Quartier Latin of Amsterdam) and is the most vibrant district of Amsterdam. The neighborhood is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. The well known market, the Albert Cuyp, is just a 5 min. walk and is in the middle of many fancy shops. Just around the corner of the ""Heineken"" brewery. Within 15 minutes you could walk to the ""Museum"" square and nightlife centre ""Leidsplein"".  During the sunny days, you could have a picknick at the Sarphati Parc. A beautiful parc in the middle of De Pijp area, and only 2 minutes away from the loft. ",Public transport stops around the corner and there is a Bike Rental nearby.  ,"No smoking and No Drugs, please respect the quietness and friendliness of the house and the neighborhood."
