Stylish renovated apartment in central location,"Spacious and stylish renovated apartment right in the centre of Amsterdam close to the Leidseplein. Large living area with a luxurious open kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and separate shower and a large bedroom with large windows that open up into a small patio.  The apartment has been renovated according to the highest standards in an industrial style with concrete floors. Lay out: entrance on the upper floor, hall, spacious living room with open kitchen, guest toilet, stairs to the ground floor, hallway, large master bedroom with two big windows to enter the patio, bathroom with rain shower and a two person bathtub. The apartment is fully furnished, with high quality stylish furniture. Broadband wireless internet is included.","Stylish renovated apartment in central location Spacious and stylish renovated apartment right in the centre of Amsterdam close to the Leidseplein. Large living area with a luxurious open kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and separate shower and a large bedroom with large windows that open up into a small patio.  The apartment has been renovated according to the highest standards in an industrial style with concrete floors. Lay out: entrance on the upper floor, hall, spacious living room with open kitchen, guest toilet, stairs to the ground floor, hallway, large master bedroom with two big windows to enter the patio, bathroom with rain shower and a two person bathtub. The apartment is fully furnished, with high quality stylish furniture. Broadband wireless internet is included. The location is superb, within a reach of few hundred meter you'll find the Vondelpark, Negen Straatjes, Leidseplein, the Canal area, cinema’s, bars, theaters, restaurants and Apple store. From the Leidseplein (500","The location is superb, within a reach of few hundred meter you'll find the Vondelpark, Negen Straatjes, Leidseplein, the Canal area, cinema’s, bars, theaters, restaurants and Apple store.",From the Leidseplein (500 meters) you can catch a tram to pretty much anywhere in the city. There are also frequent busses to and from the airport. Paid car parking is available at the Raamplein (100 meters).,No smoking No pets
