"This modern, bright and lovely studio has a great view on the Park and is suitable to a maximum of 2 persons! The studio is fitted with a double box spring bed (180 x 200), or two single beds. A small but all you need kitchen fully equipped with all the appliances for cooking. The bathroom comes with walk-in rain shower, toilet and bath furniture.  Sorry but we have no time to serv you breakfast ;). There is also free WiFi, Free Parking en free bikes! Just a few minutes away from the City Center","This modern, bright, completely new, lovely studio with a great view on the Park and suitable to a maximum of 2 persons! The studio is fitted with a double box spring bed (180 x 200), or two single beds. A small but all you need kitchen fully equipped with all the appliances for cooking. The bathroom comes with walk-in rain shower, toilet and bath furniture.  Sorry but we have no time to serv you breakfast ;). There is also free WiFi, Free Parking en free bikes! Just a few minutes away from the Central City, Dam Square and Leidseplein. Very relaxing after a busy day shopping or visiting Musea. Nice to breath the fresh air, hear the birds singing and look at the nice view. The Apartment is only 10 minutes with metro to WTC and RAI, 15 min with train or metro to Schiphol and 20 minutes with tram to the Dam or central station. We are looking forward to host you!","This modern, bright and lovely studio has a great view on the Park and is suitable to a maximum of 2 persons! The studio is fitted with a double box spring bed (180 x 200), or two single beds. A small but all you need kitchen fully equipped with all the appliances for cooking. The bathroom comes with walk-in rain shower, toilet and bath furniture.  Sorry but we have no time to serv you breakfast ;). There is also free WiFi, Free Parking en free bikes! Just a few minutes away from the City Center This modern, bright, completely new, lovely studio with a great view on the Park and suitable to a maximum of 2 persons! The studio is fitted with a double box spring bed (180 x 200), or two single beds. A small but all you need kitchen fully equipped with all the appliances for cooking. The bathroom comes with walk-in rain shower, toilet and bath furniture.  Sorry but we have no time to serv you breakfast ;). There is also free WiFi, Free Parking en free bikes! Just a few minutes away from the",,,"We kindly ask you to follow our house rules: No drugs or weed, No smoking in the apartment, No pets allowed. It's also not allowed unsolicited to invite friends to stay the night over. Check-in is available from 14.00 hours later is no problem. Check-out is possible until max. 12.00 hours. If you find these house rules too hard, then we are not the place!"
