"APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★Free Nespresso Coffee! ★CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Washing machine  ★Fast & Free WIFI ★ BALCONY UPDATE: Brand new couch, diner table, kitchen and fresh paint on the walls. A completely new look and feel!","A modern & trendy apartment with all the comforts. It's located in 'De Baarsjes'. Nice restaurants, bars, coffee and shops nearby, even the new foodhall 'De Hallen'. Big park at the end the street! The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, a quiet and safe street. The apartment is located on the second floor. It is a beautifully styled apartment. It is spacious. Shower, toilet, microwave, oven, washing machine, and Nespresso machine are present. Internet is available. As well as a gorgeous big bed. The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, a quiet and safe street. The apartment is located on the second floor, it has 1 bedroom, with a double bed, a nice kitchen with a washing machine, a bathroom with a private shower and a very sunny and light living room. On the balcony on the west side you can enjoy the weather. Ideal for short stay in Amsterdam, to discover this beautiful city. You can walk to the city center (Leidsesquare, Damsquare, Anne Frank House, Museumsquare) in ","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★Free Nespresso Coffee! ★CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Washing machine  ★Fast & Free WIFI ★ BALCONY UPDATE: Brand new couch, diner table, kitchen and fresh paint on the walls. A completely new look and feel! A modern & trendy apartment with all the comforts. It's located in 'De Baarsjes'. Nice restaurants, bars, coffee and shops nearby, even the new foodhall 'De Hallen'. Big park at the end the street! The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, a quiet and safe street. The apartment is located on the second floor. It is a beautifully styled apartment. It is spacious. Shower, toilet, microwave, oven, washing machine, and Nespresso machine are present. Internet is available. As well as a gorgeous big bed. The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, a quiet and safe street. The apartment is located on the second floor, it has 1 bedroom, with a double bed, a nice kitchen with a washing machine, a bathroom with a private shower and a very sun","This house is located in one of the best and hippest areas of Amsterdam called 'De Baarsjes'. There are two very big supermarkets nearby. It is in the middle of a shoppingarea. It is next to the nice Erasmuspark and Rembrandtpark. Lot of nice restaurants, bars and shops nearby, even the new famous foodhall 'De Hallen'. 1 minute walk to one of the best coffeebars in Amsterdam: White Label coffee: (URL HIDDEN). The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, a quiet and safe street.","From Schiphol: You can take from Schiphol Airport the train to Station Sloterdijk (9 minutes) an than you take bus 15 (destination Station Zuid). Get off at stop Mercatorplein. Than you walk for 5 minutes to the apartment. Total traveltime: 26 minutes. Or, you can take the train from Schiphol Airport to Stration Sloterdijk and than take tram 12 to destination Amstelstation. Get off at stop Admiraal de Ruyterweg and than walk for 6 minutes to the apartment. Total Traveltime: 30 minutes. From Central Station: Tram 12 & 13 brings you at the Marco Polostraat. Than you walk for about 3 minutes to John Franklinstraat 29-2 to reach the house.  There are enough car parking facilities.","House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
