"Modern family home with a total of 5 bedrooms (3 - 4 bedrooms available for sleeping, depending on traveling company), in a safe, quiet and green neighborhood in Amsterdam. Spacious city garden to relax yourselves after a fun day in Amsterdam. Easy and fast access to the city center by public transport or bike, close to shops, restaurants and parks.","We have a very spacious house (155M2), in a quiet and suburbian neighbourhood. Downstairs you will find the living room and dining area, as well as the semi-open plan kitchen. In addition to that we also have a storage space for coats downstairs, as well as a toilet.  We have a total of 5 bedrooms: 2 with double beds, 2 with extendable double beds and one bedroom with a junior (2-5 year old) bed. If needed, we have an additional traveling cot, to accommodate a baby. We have a spacious city garden with a table with 6 comfy chairs and a lounge sofa. There is also a (gas) BBQ which you can use during your stay. Smoking: Not allowed inside, but we have a garden where you can enjoy your cigarette.","Modern family home with a total of 5 bedrooms (3 - 4 bedrooms available for sleeping, depending on traveling company), in a safe, quiet and green neighborhood in Amsterdam. Spacious city garden to relax yourselves after a fun day in Amsterdam. Easy and fast access to the city center by public transport or bike, close to shops, restaurants and parks. We have a very spacious house (155M2), in a quiet and suburbian neighbourhood. Downstairs you will find the living room and dining area, as well as the semi-open plan kitchen. In addition to that we also have a storage space for coats downstairs, as well as a toilet.  We have a total of 5 bedrooms: 2 with double beds, 2 with extendable double beds and one bedroom with a junior (2-5 year old) bed. If needed, we have an additional traveling cot, to accommodate a baby. We have a spacious city garden with a table with 6 comfy chairs and a lounge sofa. There is also a (gas) BBQ which you can use during your stay. Smoking: Not allowed inside, but","The neighborhood is quiet, green, safe and upcoming. All neighbors are happy to live here and are very open to foreigners. Our neighbourhood is , next to the city center, very close to the Westerpark, where, during the summer there are a lot of activities and concerts.  In case you are traveling to Amsterdam with children; there are plenty of petting zoo's and playgrounds in the area and in our street there is also a little playground. Close to our home there are plenty of supermarkets (Albert Heijn, Vomar, Dirk van der Broek) and nice Turkish shops for fresh and affordable fruits and vegetables. There are also some nice places nearby where you can enjoy breakfast or lunch, such as Bagels and Beans, Mozaiek and Wilde Westen. Recommendations on places to visit for breakfast, lunch and dinner will be included in our manual.","Getting here from Schiphol airport is very easy, there is a train from the airport to Station Sloterdijk, which takes about 7 minutes. From there, it´s an 10 minute walk to the house. From Sloterdijk station, a train takes you to Central Station in 5 minutes, there are 6 trains per hour going to the Amsterdam Central station. From metro-tram-bus station Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan tram 14 takes you to Dam Square in 15 minutes and tram 7 takes you to Leidseplein in 15 minutes. Parking is free on weekends, public holidays and between 19:00 and 9:00, in front of the house. For long term parking we would advise you to park at P+R locations (also near our house) for approximately 8 euro's a day.","We only take families - not groups of friends! Please be respectful to our home, as we have renovated the place on our own and have been busy doing so over the past 6 years. Our bar (located in the living area) is off limits, as well as our walk-in closet adjacent to the master bedroom on the second floor.  During the summer, when using the lounge sofa in the garden we kindly ask you to store the cushions at night or when it rains in the house.  We love our neighbors and don´t want to cause any trouble for them. Make sure there will be no complaints about your behavior.  No parties, no pets, no drugs and no smoking in the house.  If you damage or break anything, please replace it or notify Jacky so she can fix it. Good behavior, as well as bad behavior, will be reflected in your review. We really appreciate it if you don't leave a mess in the house when you leave. This will be reflected in your review. Finally, if you don't follow the rules and your behavior is very bad, you will be re"
