"Stylish modern apartment overlooking canal and park. Well located between the famous Jordaan and the Museum district, 10-minute walk from center and Dam square. Publictransport in all directions just infront of the door. Perfect for a good night sleep!","Comfortable, spacious, new and luxurious top floor apartment with elevator, canal and park view and very close to the center. Modern 40 square meter living room. Great view from the couch at canals, park and city skyline, day and night! Very light with possibility to create indoor balcony by opening doors.  Fully equipped modern kitchen with Nespresso coffee machine. Comfortable design bathroom with walk in rain shower.    The sleeping room is in the back of the house, very quite, well ventilated and heated. Good quality queen size box spring and matrass.  (a good night's sleep is priceless) Flat screen in living and sleeping room, great audio and fast WiFi.","Stylish modern apartment overlooking canal and park. Well located between the famous Jordaan and the Museum district, 10-minute walk from center and Dam square. Publictransport in all directions just infront of the door. Perfect for a good night sleep! Comfortable, spacious, new and luxurious top floor apartment with elevator, canal and park view and very close to the center. Modern 40 square meter living room. Great view from the couch at canals, park and city skyline, day and night! Very light with possibility to create indoor balcony by opening doors.  Fully equipped modern kitchen with Nespresso coffee machine. Comfortable design bathroom with walk in rain shower.    The sleeping room is in the back of the house, very quite, well ventilated and heated. Good quality queen size box spring and matrass.  (a good night's sleep is priceless) Flat screen in living and sleeping room, great audio and fast WiFi. Entire apartment to yourself; you will receive one set of housekeys. Overall, I ","Perfectly located and very close to the popular Jordaan district, city center and Museum Square. The neighborhood is very close to the centre, so during the day it has a typical Amsterdam city vibe. In the direct surroundings are shops, supermarkets, coffeebars and restaurants available. There is very little nightlife in the direct surroundings, so quiet during the night. Out of the windows you will see in all directions canals and bridges, which are so typical for Amsterdam with on the otherside of the canal a city parc.  I love my city Amsterdam and it is my pleasure to assist you to make your stay in Amsterdam unforgettable. Just share your interests with me and I can give you a lot of suggestions for cultural activities, dining, nightlife, sports, wellness and day trips.",Extremely convenient connections to public transport just in front of the door: tramstop for three different tramlines in different directions and on 4 min walk another 4 lines. Easy to reach from the airport (30 min). I can provide you with an overview of all options to travel back and forth to the airport.,"Maximum two persons:  it is strictly forbidden to give entry to other people then registered guests or having a party. Violation of this rule leads to immediate termination of the lease. I am in close contact with my neighbors. They are informed and in case of complains they are able to reach me directly.   It’s my pleasure to rent out to guest. I will make sure the apartment is very clean, therefor I expect my guests to respect my apartment and interior and treat it with care. I do not expect my guests to clean, but at least leave the apartment tidy."
