"This modern houseboat is perfect for enjoying an authentic Amsterdam experience. Located at a 15 minute walk from Amsterdams most famous places like the Anne Frank House. The houseboat is situated at the edge of the busy center. Which means no late noises but still a perfect connection with the whole city!   With a TV, WIFI, well furnished garden, and private bathroom, this is the perfect place for some relaxation after a long day of sightseeing.","The room is 16 m2. It has a own bathroom with toilet, rain shower and sink. Also a mirror and hairdryer. In the room double bed, 160 x 200 cm. or two beds 80 x 200. The bed is a boxspring. There is flatscreen tv, cd player with Ipod dock, airconditining, minibar, safe, fire alarm and free cafe( Nespreso ) and tea. The price is including bedlinnen, towels. In our garden is a nice place to sit. Our boat is situated aat the west side of the centre. It a very quiet place but really central. The Jordaan is only 5 minutes walk, Anne Frank house 15 minutes walk. The Hugo de Groot plein ( 5 minutes walk) has some nice bars and restaurants and a nice place for breakfast and lunch. Parking in a inside parking across our boat is possible. ( Payed) We have to rental bikes available.","This modern houseboat is perfect for enjoying an authentic Amsterdam experience. Located at a 15 minute walk from Amsterdams most famous places like the Anne Frank House. The houseboat is situated at the edge of the busy center. Which means no late noises but still a perfect connection with the whole city!   With a TV, WIFI, well furnished garden, and private bathroom, this is the perfect place for some relaxation after a long day of sightseeing. The room is 16 m2. It has a own bathroom with toilet, rain shower and sink. Also a mirror and hairdryer. In the room double bed, 160 x 200 cm. or two beds 80 x 200. The bed is a boxspring. There is flatscreen tv, cd player with Ipod dock, airconditining, minibar, safe, fire alarm and free cafe( Nespreso ) and tea. The price is including bedlinnen, towels. In our garden is a nice place to sit. Our boat is situated aat the west side of the centre. It a very quiet place but really central. The Jordaan is only 5 minutes walk, Anne Frank house 15 m","very quit and save but in 5 minutes in the Jordaan with bars, restaurants and shops",two bus lines in two minutes walk,live the way you live but show respect to our house and don't smoke inside.
