"A lovely bright apartment on a great location in the East of Amsterdam only 20 minutes from the center with the public transport. It has everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam, including a fully equipped kitchen and personal bar.",,"A lovely bright apartment on a great location in the East of Amsterdam only 20 minutes from the center with the public transport. It has everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam, including a fully equipped kitchen and personal bar. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. I will let you in, hand you the key and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. Dappermarkt is one of the country’s oldest - and best - outdoor markets. It forms the multicultural heart of the neighbourhood along with such major arteries as Javastraat, which once only provided every manner of global grocery but is now beginning to feature more upscale cafes and terraces. One of the city’s largest general hospitals, OLVG, is also located here. Two stellar city parks, Oosterpark and Flevopark, provide quick escape from the relatively busy s","Dappermarkt is one of the country’s oldest - and best - outdoor markets. It forms the multicultural heart of the neighbourhood along with such major arteries as Javastraat, which once only provided every manner of global grocery but is now beginning to feature more upscale cafes and terraces. One of the city’s largest general hospitals, OLVG, is also located here. Two stellar city parks, Oosterpark and Flevopark, provide quick escape from the relatively busy streets. Besides many cheap ethnic eateries and supermarkets, the area is attracting much more higher-end cafes and restaurants who are often re-inventing many of the area’s industrial monuments. On sunny days, the parks and terraces are filled with nice people.",,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment."
