"Located in a quiet street next to Westerpark. 5-10 min from the centre by bus or bike. Modern, warm apartment with a large living space, lots of natural light, bedroom with a twoperson bed, bathroom with shower, kitchen + balcony facing the gardens.","My favorite feature of the apartment is the 32m2 living space. It has lots of natural light coming in from both sides and it contains a salon, a hard wooden dining table and a bar. On the streetside (south) it has an open view, which makes it nice and private. On the north side you have the balcony which looks out over the gardens. The balcony also connects to the kitchen that contains all the cooking facilities you'll need. The bedroom has a twoperson bed (140 by 200 cm) plus a closet for your clothes. For a third person I have an air mattress of the same size that can be put in the living room. The bathroom contains a big shower cabin, sink, mirror and a washing machine.  The neighboorhood, street, building and the apartment itself are all very quiet. There's hardly has any traffic in the street and the complete building was renovated in 2011 so all the walls and ceilings are well isolated against any noise from outside or from neighboors. Other facilities: internet, wifi, flatscreen","Located in a quiet street next to Westerpark. 5-10 min from the centre by bus or bike. Modern, warm apartment with a large living space, lots of natural light, bedroom with a twoperson bed, bathroom with shower, kitchen + balcony facing the gardens. My favorite feature of the apartment is the 32m2 living space. It has lots of natural light coming in from both sides and it contains a salon, a hard wooden dining table and a bar. On the streetside (south) it has an open view, which makes it nice and private. On the north side you have the balcony which looks out over the gardens. The balcony also connects to the kitchen that contains all the cooking facilities you'll need. The bedroom has a twoperson bed (140 by 200 cm) plus a closet for your clothes. For a third person I have an air mattress of the same size that can be put in the living room. The bathroom contains a big shower cabin, sink, mirror and a washing machine.  The neighboorhood, street, building and the apartment itself are al","The apartment is located nearby the Westergasfabriek / Westerpark, a venue for many festivals, such as: Unseen Photography Fair, Amsterdam Dance Event, The Next Web Conference, Pitch, Amsterdam Fashion Week and Awakenings. The area is called Spaarndammerbuurt, which is a nice old working class neighboorhood that has developed a lot over the recent years. It features some great architecture from the beginning of the 20th century, such as the famous 'Amsterdamse School'. You can also find shops, bars and restaurants nearby. Like pretty much all of Amsterdam, the area is very safe and quiet both during the day and night.",Bus 48 stops around the corner at  a 2 minute walk and takes you to Central Station in 10 minutes. In the other direction it will take you to Amsterdam Sloterdijk Station in 5 minutes. From both of these trainstations you can get to the airport in 10-15 minutes.,"Most important rule: Only the amount of people you paid for can sleep in the apartment, no exceptions. Second rule is that you have to respect the fact that this is residential area, not a hotel. In other words: please mind my neighbours and don't shout, play loud music or run around the apartment in the middle of the night.  Last rule: no pets allowed inside. That's all :)"
