"Perfect for a family or groups, within a short distance from the city centre, the best museums and Amsterdams' premier shopping area. We live in probably the best part of the city: Amsterdam OudZuid. Central, yet safe and tranquil. We prefer families! Or groups who's average age is over 35 yrs old...  No students or bachelor parties, sorry about that!","To tell a little bit about our house.  Our house has two floors and measures 175m2. The house dates back to 1926. We bought it 20 years ago and renovated it in a modern way. About the groundfloor (acces to the house, no steps): Entrance and hallway, The living room with Cable TV and Wifi,  adjourned to an open, new and totally equiped kitchen. The groundfloor has recently been refurbished.  The 2,5 meter dinner table, which seats eight people easily, is the heart of the living room .  On the first floor you will find the master bedroom and three other bedrooms. On this floor is the bathroom with bath/shower.  Master bedroom: 1 king size bed 200 x 200 cm. TV included. Second bedroom: 1 single bed 100 x 200 cm. A ladder is used to reach the bed.   Third bedroom: 1 single bed 100 x 200 cm. This room can contain another bed if so needed.   Fourth bedroom: 1 single bed 90 x 200 cm.    The bathroom has a combined bath/shower. Toilets: 2, one on every floor.  We have closed off the basement. ","Perfect for a family or groups, within a short distance from the city centre, the best museums and Amsterdams' premier shopping area. We live in probably the best part of the city: Amsterdam OudZuid. Central, yet safe and tranquil. We prefer families! Or groups who's average age is over 35 yrs old...  No students or bachelor parties, sorry about that! To tell a little bit about our house.  Our house has two floors and measures 175m2. The house dates back to 1926. We bought it 20 years ago and renovated it in a modern way. About the groundfloor (acces to the house, no steps): Entrance and hallway, The living room with Cable TV and Wifi,  adjourned to an open, new and totally equiped kitchen. The groundfloor has recently been refurbished.  The 2,5 meter dinner table, which seats eight people easily, is the heart of the living room .  On the first floor you will find the master bedroom and three other bedrooms. On this floor is the bathroom with bath/shower.  Master bedroom: 1 king size b","Our neighborhood is pleasant, friendly, not to crowded and a little up market. But it is not boring! There are many, many cafes, restaurants and bars within walking distance. With the city centre at 12 minutes, we tend to think we have it all....","Public transportation is right around the corner. Both Trams and Busses stop there and will take you anywhere you want.  From the airport to our house is 16 minutes by taxi or bus. You can also come by train. If you come by car, there is always place in front of the house. If you wish to stay longer, you will park in the Olympic Stadium, the fee is much nicer... However, you may want to rent a bike....",We would appreciate when you treat our house like it is your own. Please smoke outside.  Pets are allowed. If they are well behaved.  : )
