"This unique two bedroomed 87 sqm ground floor apartment in a former 19th century girls orphanage is perfect for a couple, but sleeps up to 2 small children and a baby too. The monumental building is situated in a quiet street right in the heart of the city. The light, spacious living room has high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen. There is a master bedroom, children's bedroom and cozy patio. Museums, shops, restaurants, bars, the market, the city zoo and public transport are around the corner.","The open-plan kitchen offers all modern facilities necessary: a big stove, fridge, oven, nespresso machine, dishwasher and microwave. The large dining table is made for joyful dinners. In the lounge area you will find a tv, a sound system and a piano which may be used at all times (nobody can hear you!). The spacious master bedroom contains a king size bed and gives access to the cozy patio garden. The spacious bathroom fits all your needs with a rain shower, bathtub and toilet. There's a second separate toilet. The temperature in the apartment is always cool, also during the summer on the hottest days.  The 1860 building facade is monumental. The remarkable hallway and some details in the residence originate from the Amsterdamse School period (beginning of the 20th century). This ground floor apartment is exceptionally bright and light, thanks to its huge windows and 4.20 m high ceilings. The interior style is warm with white and wood as a base. Through mixing antique and rustic furni","This unique two bedroomed 87 sqm ground floor apartment in a former 19th century girls orphanage is perfect for a couple, but sleeps up to 2 small children and a baby too. The monumental building is situated in a quiet street right in the heart of the city. The light, spacious living room has high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen. There is a master bedroom, children's bedroom and cozy patio. Museums, shops, restaurants, bars, the market, the city zoo and public transport are around the corner. The open-plan kitchen offers all modern facilities necessary: a big stove, fridge, oven, nespresso machine, dishwasher and microwave. The large dining table is made for joyful dinners. In the lounge area you will find a tv, a sound system and a piano which may be used at all times (nobody can hear you!). The spacious master bedroom contains a king size bed and gives access to the cozy patio garden. The spacious bathroom fits all your needs with a rain shower, bathtub and toilet. There's a second","The residence is perfectly located in Amsterdam Centrum, at walking distance from the city centre markets and shops (Nieuwmarkt, Waterlooplein, Utrechtsestraat, Kalverstraat, Dam). Numerous canals, museums, restaurants, bars and playgrounds are nearby. More green options like the beautiful Plantage area, Hortus Botanicus, Artis Zoo and Oosterpark are also only a short stroll away. Schiphol airport is 25 minutes away by taxi. Traveling by train and metro is easy and even faster.","A paid parking garage is right across the street and bike rental and lots of public transport options (tram, metro, bus) are just around the corner.",Our place is yours during your stay and we trust you to treat it like you treat your own place.  Only a couple or a couple with small kids can book our residence. Groups of friends do not fit here.
