This unique renovated canal house with garden has been built in 1634 and lies in the heart of the old city center. All cities major attractions are within walking distance. We live in this beautiful house with 6 students / graduates at the age of 28.,"The house: • It is a five floor monumental house, which has completely been renovated recently • The ground floor (40m2) contains the hall, laundry room, toilet and fully equipped new kitchen • On the first floor (40m2) is the spacious living room • The second and third floors both have a bathroom and two bedrooms • On the fourth floor are two bedrooms and a cabinet","This unique renovated canal house with garden has been built in 1634 and lies in the heart of the old city center. All cities major attractions are within walking distance. We live in this beautiful house with 6 students / graduates at the age of 28. The house: • It is a five floor monumental house, which has completely been renovated recently • The ground floor (40m2) contains the hall, laundry room, toilet and fully equipped new kitchen • On the first floor (40m2) is the spacious living room • The second and third floors both have a bathroom and two bedrooms • On the fourth floor are two bedrooms and a cabinet Facilities:  You will rent four of the six bedrooms, which are equipped with a double bed, a wardrobe, quality towels and free Wi-Fi. You'll have access to a private bathroom, but we share the living room, laundry room and kitchen.  Of course we'll make sure that the house is completely clean.  Keep in mind that at least one of us might be in the house as well. Location:  The h","Location:  The house is located in the famous red light district. Most major attractions are on walking distance, just as public transport. === It doesn't get more central than this! ===",Nearby points of interest: • Dam Square / Royal Palace – 1 minute walk • Red Light District – 1 minute walk  • Supermarket – 5 minutes walk • Central Station – 10 minutes walk • Nine Streets Area – 10 minutes walk • Wester Church / Anne Frank house – 10 minutes walk • Rembrandt Square – 10 minutes walk • Leidsche Square – 20 minutes walk • Museum Square / Rijksmuseum / van Gogh museum – 25 minutes walk • Vondelpark – 25 minutes walk,"1. Please use our facilities with care, as you would do with your own. 2. During your stay please preserve our environment and be rational with water and electricity use. Please turn of the lights, when you leave the house. 3. Check out time of the room is 10:00AM on the day of departure. You can leave your luggage in the basement during the day, awaiting your flight."
