"Do you like to stay at a place which is cosy, trendy, flashy, catchy, entertaining, warm and gezellig situated in Amsterdam. Well don't look further, this is the place to be. Situated in Amsterdam west, 15 min from Schiphol airport.","Floor heating in the whole appartement. Connected with your smart phone. Electric curtains, if you're to lazy when you want to close it. terras heater on the balcony, and LED lights on the floor. Free parking in the garage underneath the building. super fast internet. 100 Mb/s Tv in bed room","Do you like to stay at a place which is cosy, trendy, flashy, catchy, entertaining, warm and gezellig situated in Amsterdam. Well don't look further, this is the place to be. Situated in Amsterdam west, 15 min from Schiphol airport. Floor heating in the whole appartement. Connected with your smart phone. Electric curtains, if you're to lazy when you want to close it. terras heater on the balcony, and LED lights on the floor. Free parking in the garage underneath the building. super fast internet. 100 Mb/s Tv in bed room Acces to the whole appartement, including parking garage. We can keep contected by (Hidden by Airbnb) or (Hidden by Airbnb) . Amsterdam new west is a chill place to relax. If you don't want to be in the crowded city center. It just takes 20 min to get to the city center with the tram. grocery store is nearby, 5 minutes walking. And a night shop/convenience store, which is open till 3:00 am. You can buy liquor and cigarettes or other things there. tram 17 stops in front ","Amsterdam new west is a chill place to relax. If you don't want to be in the crowded city center. It just takes 20 min to get to the city center with the tram. grocery store is nearby, 5 minutes walking. And a night shop/convenience store, which is open till 3:00 am. You can buy liquor and cigarettes or other things there.","tram 17 stops in front of the door. Takes you directly to amsterdam city centre. station lelylaan is also nearby, takes 7 minutes to get to schiphol airport.","It is an appartment, so pleace think about the neigbours."
