"I happyly live right at the Vondelpark and sometimes like to share my 2-story home with family, friends and guests. Welcome! It is the ideal spot if you relocate to Holland if you got a new job. Many shops/restaurants, public transport: 50 meters","Exclusive park view area,  great for joggers and museum fans, 10 min. walk to Leidseplein and Van Gogh museum/Rijksmuseum etc., safe and most silent area in town, trams and restaurants and (night)shops 50 m! 2 PERS.: Great sunsets on roof terrace, sun all day long. --- Only apartment with bed linnen and towels. The apartment is meant for 2 pers. All self-catering, no Bed & Breakfast service! I love to rent this room in my 2 story house and help you know Amsterdam. Normal bed plus sleeping sofa available in the living. DESCRIPTION: Great apartment with the right view into Vondelpark, 2 big windows on south overlooking the park. Extremely luminous. Extremely silent. Ideal for joggers right at the Vondelpark entrance. Very quiet neighbourhood without passing through traffic. ----- The surface is ca. 45m2 on one floor plus a 20 m2 slant wall bedroom on the low roof (max. height 170 cm), giving access to a 2 level terrace with view into the park, privacy, great for lounging. --- As some bui","I happyly live right at the Vondelpark and sometimes like to share my 2-story home with family, friends and guests. Welcome! It is the ideal spot if you relocate to Holland if you got a new job. Many shops/restaurants, public transport: 50 meters Exclusive park view area,  great for joggers and museum fans, 10 min. walk to Leidseplein and Van Gogh museum/Rijksmuseum etc., safe and most silent area in town, trams and restaurants and (night)shops 50 m! 2 PERS.: Great sunsets on roof terrace, sun all day long. --- Only apartment with bed linnen and towels. The apartment is meant for 2 pers. All self-catering, no Bed & Breakfast service! I love to rent this room in my 2 story house and help you know Amsterdam. Normal bed plus sleeping sofa available in the living. DESCRIPTION: Great apartment with the right view into Vondelpark, 2 big windows on south overlooking the park. Extremely luminous. Extremely silent. Ideal for joggers right at the Vondelpark entrance. Very quiet neighbourhood wit","Residential. Trendy. Young crowd and young families live in the area. Quiet. View into the park. Museums nearby. Hundrets of restaurants, take aways and bars in the neighbourhood. Artist studios. Ideal for joggers as right at the famous Vondelpark. Ideal for museum people as you can walk to a huge amount of the famous museums. Ideal for classic music fans, as you can walk to the famous Concertgebouw.  Artists and intellectuals live in this upgrade area around the park, but it's not awefully snobby. Good price quality restaurants and delis/night shops at 50 m distance from the home.  15 min. by taxi to the airport!","Tram line at 50 m distance.  Nightbuses stop at 50 m. 15 min. by taxi from the airport. Bike rentals on Overtoom street at 300 m. Bring passport. Car parking is possible, but expensive in all of Amsterdam. Inform for parkings outside the center and take a tram into town.","UPON ARRIVAL: Meeting place is IMIHO, Overtoom 429, where you will be picked up. Do not go to the house. NOISE/BEHAVIOUR Historic homes are built from wood in Amsterdam, so even after insulating against noise, neighbours hear each other more then in concrete buildings. For this we only accept families or people who are responsible citizens.  Sorry to say but as we had bad experiences before, we now handle the policy to use the security money in case the neighbours in our home or the neighbours who hear you talk loud on the stairs, the street or roof terrace will file a complaint to me. And we will inform Airbnb of breaking the rules and take you out of the home. Airbnb has backed us up in that case before! END CLEANING: Will be done by worker as agreed beforehand, and on the basis of normal use of the house, otherwise inconvenience might be distracted from the security, what we hope to never need to do. Normal use of the house as a normal guest means taking down your own litter and you"
