"My 1st-floor apartment is a clean, quiet and comfortable place, it's ideal startingpoint to explore the city. It's situated just around the corner from the wonderful Vondelpark, Amsterdam's largest city park. The Leidseplein is also very near.","The living room is a sunny space with large windows and a balcony overlooking the Overtoom. There is a comfortable sofa, dining table, and digitalTV, DVDplayer, CDplayer, Ipod docking station. You have full access to wireless internet. The kitchen is built in American Kitchen-style and fully kitted out with a microwave, oven, gas hob, toaster, Nespressomachine and a brand new dishwasher. In the spacious Master bedroom in the back of the apartment you'll find a comfortable, soft double/king size bed (extra long), wash basin, and a small desk. The room has large windows that overlook the neighbours' pretty gardens. The second bedroom is in the front of the house and also has a queen size bed. I have a baby cot available. There is a modern bathroom with shower, large wash basin and toilet. The bathroom has comfortable underfloor heating. You'll find a second toilet in a separate room in the corridor. The corridor has a wardrobe where you can easily store your luggage. Bedlinen and towels ","My 1st-floor apartment is a clean, quiet and comfortable place, it's ideal startingpoint to explore the city. It's situated just around the corner from the wonderful Vondelpark, Amsterdam's largest city park. The Leidseplein is also very near. The living room is a sunny space with large windows and a balcony overlooking the Overtoom. There is a comfortable sofa, dining table, and digitalTV, DVDplayer, CDplayer, Ipod docking station. You have full access to wireless internet. The kitchen is built in American Kitchen-style and fully kitted out with a microwave, oven, gas hob, toaster, Nespressomachine and a brand new dishwasher. In the spacious Master bedroom in the back of the apartment you'll find a comfortable, soft double/king size bed (extra long), wash basin, and a small desk. The room has large windows that overlook the neighbours' pretty gardens. The second bedroom is in the front of the house and also has a queen size bed. I have a baby cot available. There is a modern bathroom ","The neighbourhood Oud West is very laid back. There are heaps of nice shops and the best coffee shop in town is just around the block (de Koffiesalon). There are lots and lots of nice restaurants and bars in the neighbourhood and your host Jessie, who had a restaurant for years, will be very happy to give you advice or directions. If you prefer to stay in, the supermarket is almost next door and open till 22pm (Sundays 10am-20pm). There are several organic shops in the area, as well as designershops, a toy store, bookshops, a beertasting bar, an enormous travelbook store and a lot more that will capture your interest. Across the street you can rent bikes, carrier bikes and scooters at Mac Bike. And very conveniently, the public transport stop is right on the doorstep of Museum Suite.","Public transport is easy in Amsterdam: there are tram stops all around you wich makes the city easy accessible. The airport is only a short train ride away, or even better, use bus 197, straight from the airport to the Leidesplein (Leidse square) in a little over 30 minutes for a very fair deal!","The Museum Suite is a non smoking apartment, although you are allowed to smoke outside on the balcony.  The apartment is not suitable for parties, no loud music and no invites without my consent. I am looking for considerate guests. Please consider the neighbours. Minimum stay of 7 nights."
