"My home is definitely THE PLACE to have a great time! Lovely neighborhood, elegant apartment, and me doing my best to make your stay memorable and give you tips for cool spots in town. It will be hard to leave!",After a year of hard work I finally finished the renovation of my home. It is perfectly located in a picturesque little street in the heart of Amsterdam.,"My home is definitely THE PLACE to have a great time! Lovely neighborhood, elegant apartment, and me doing my best to make your stay memorable and give you tips for cool spots in town. It will be hard to leave! After a year of hard work I finally finished the renovation of my home. It is perfectly located in a picturesque little street in the heart of Amsterdam. You will stay in my one bedroom apartment (40m²) on the first floor. It has an airy and light livingroom with sofa, a dining table and well-equipped open kitchen (incl. dishwasher, gas-oven, coffee machine). Three steps up and you find yourself in a small but comfortable bedroom with a double bed (200x140cm) and a window looking out on the roof terrace (with cushions to relax in and a table and seats). The bed will be made with freshly washed linen. My bathroom has a shower and toilet. Towels are provided upon arrival.  What else ... cleaning lady once a week, wi-fi, washing machine .. all comfort included! I will welcome you w","The neighborhood will keep you busy! Jordaan is the place to be in Amsterdam if you look for a cosy neighborhood full of atmosphere with many terraces and cafes and lots of small shops and good diversity of restaurants.  Most of Amsterdams highlights are within walking distance: the canals with the typical houseboats, the Anne Frankhuis and Westerkerk at 300m. Dam Square is just just a five minute walk. Vondelpark and Museumplein are also within walking distance.","Public transport is very good with many trams and buses to all parts of the city and to Central Station (15-20 minute walk). Rent-a-bike around the corner! Park your car in the centre of Amsterdam: at parkingcentrumoosterdok (online) you can park your car for 10 euros per day. I can communicate with you in English, French, German, Spanish and Portuguese if you have questions or requests.","Because I have only one double bed, my home is only suitable for couples. Please be respectful towards my neighbours by maintaining quiet after midnight. Please keep terrace cushions inside when rain is expected. Terrace door does not fully lock, just turn it as far as you can. Smoking is allowed on the terrace."
