"We have a very nice large apartment on the 2nd and 3rd floor with 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, a living room, kitchen, a balcony and a sunny roof top terrace (20m2).  It is close to the center and you can use 2 bikes for free!","We have a very nice large apartment on the 2nd and 3rd floor with 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, a living room, kitchen, a balcony and a sunny roof top terrace (20m2).  The bedroom is on the 3rd floor and has a big double bed. From this room you have access to the sunny roof top terrace.  The bathroom is also on this floor and has a shower, sink, washing machine and dryer. The living room is on the 2nd floor and is fully equipped; TV, big sofa to rest on after a long day in the city and free wifi.  The kitchen also has everything you need; dinner table, dishwasher, oven, microwave, nespresso coffee machine, waterboiler, big fridge, etc The apartment is located in Amsterdam West, nearby you find several restaurants and shops. It is close to the Jordaan and to Westerpark. We have public transport around the corner (1 minute walk) which brings you directly without turnovers to all other famous area's like Museum-square 2.3 km / Leidse-square 2.5 km / Dam square 2.9 km/ Rembrandt-square 3.5 km in ","We have a very nice large apartment on the 2nd and 3rd floor with 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, a living room, kitchen, a balcony and a sunny roof top terrace (20m2).  It is close to the center and you can use 2 bikes for free! We have a very nice large apartment on the 2nd and 3rd floor with 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, a living room, kitchen, a balcony and a sunny roof top terrace (20m2).  The bedroom is on the 3rd floor and has a big double bed. From this room you have access to the sunny roof top terrace.  The bathroom is also on this floor and has a shower, sink, washing machine and dryer. The living room is on the 2nd floor and is fully equipped; TV, big sofa to rest on after a long day in the city and free wifi.  The kitchen also has everything you need; dinner table, dishwasher, oven, microwave, nespresso coffee machine, waterboiler, big fridge, etc The apartment is located in Amsterdam West, nearby you find several restaurants and shops. It is close to the Jordaan and to Westerpark. We hav",,"All kind of public transport are very close to our apparent. In about 10-15 minutes by public transport you are in downtown Amsterdam. For parking the car and other questions, please ask me and I can give you best advice for your situation.",
