,"Hi traveler, welcome on my page! My apartment is located in one of the new trendy neighborhoods in Amsterdam: De Baarsjes! This green area of Amsterdam is unique with two big parks The Rembrandtpark and the famous Vondelpark and only 10 minutes away from famous areas such as the Jordaan, the Pijp and of course the city center of Amsterdam. In the Baarsjes you can find a lot of bars and restaurants which makes it a very safe and lively neighbourhood. Although my apartment is located close to the city center it is situated in a very quiet street next to the Rembrandtpark. So after a day enjoying the city center you could relax completely in my apartment or in the green areas! Also BBQ is possible on my balcony or in the parks! Description of the apartment:  60 square meter apartment with 3 rooms: Living room, bedroom with brand new double bed (!!) and extra room (closet, iron etc) Bathroom with toilet and shower and typical Amsterdam kitchen (brand new!!). Last but not least sunny balcon","Hi traveler, welcome on my page! My apartment is located in one of the new trendy neighborhoods in Amsterdam: De Baarsjes! This green area of Amsterdam is unique with two big parks The Rembrandtpark and the famous Vondelpark and only 10 minutes away from famous areas such as the Jordaan, the Pijp and of course the city center of Amsterdam. In the Baarsjes you can find a lot of bars and restaurants which makes it a very safe and lively neighbourhood. Although my apartment is located close to the city center it is situated in a very quiet street next to the Rembrandtpark. So after a day enjoying the city center you could relax completely in my apartment or in the green areas! Also BBQ is possible on my balcony or in the parks! Description of the apartment:  60 square meter apartment with 3 rooms: Living room, bedroom with brand new double bed (!!) and extra room (closet, iron etc) Bathroom with toilet and shower and typical Amsterdam kitchen (brand new!!). Last but not least sunny balcon",,,"Dear traveler Welcome in Amsterdam. I hope you will have a pleasant stay in my apartment.  Please take notice about the following conditions: -No smoking inside -Wireless = Lar en Di thuis,  Wifi code = AMSTERDAM13 -Please respect the neighbors (quiet in the halls in the evening) -Please move the curtains slowly, especially in the bedroom. -Please don’t put any leftovers in the kitchen worktop to avert any pests like mouse. -No other guests allowed after 22:00. -When you are leaving the apartment during your stay always turn down the heating system (16 degrees).  -When you are leaving the apartment please put the keys on the table. -Please give the plants water outside on the balcony every day! You can use all herbs for cooking or to make mint tea. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions. My phone number is + (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)  Because I am on Holiday, you can also contact Mark. He will do check in and lives close by. Please contact me always firstly!!! Phone nu"
