"Trendy, fully equiped and light room on a boat. With own entrance, kitchen, bathroom and a private place to sit outside (if there is sun you can sit in the sun from the end of the morning till the sun gets down).  In the silent part of the centre.","Trendy, fully equiped and light room on a boat. With own entrance, kitchen, bathroom and a private place to sit outside (if there is sun you can sit in the sun from the end of the morning till the sun gets down).  In the silent part of the city centre. The neighbourhood, with its canals and quite streets almost feels like a little village inside the city. It will take a couple minutes by foot to get to Central Station, from where you can reach whole Amsterdam by public transport or by bike/foot (Leidsche Square, Rembrandt Square, Museum Square or Vondelpark). The boat is on close walking distance from the famous neighboorhood De Jordaan - known for it's shops, bars and muliticultural restaurants and saturday markets. Holland's most pitoresk shopping street (Haarlemmerstraat) is at 300 meters away. You will find about 10 nice places to have breakfast, lunch or dinner. You can reach our room easily by foot from Central Station (10 minute walk). When you come by car you will make it easy ","Trendy, fully equiped and light room on a boat. With own entrance, kitchen, bathroom and a private place to sit outside (if there is sun you can sit in the sun from the end of the morning till the sun gets down).  In the silent part of the city centre. The neighbourhood, with its canals and quite streets almost feels like a little village inside the city. It will take a couple minutes by foot to get to Central Station, from where you can reach whole Amsterdam by public transport or by bike/foot (Leidsche Square, Rembrandt Square, Museum Square or Vondelpark). The boat is on close walking distance from the famous neighboorhood De Jordaan - known for it's shops, bars and muliticultural restaurants and saturday markets. Holland's most pitoresk shopping street (Haarlemmerstraat) is at 300 meters away. You will find about 10 nice places to have breakfast, lunch or dinner. You can reach our room easily by foot from Central Station (10 minute walk). When you come by car you will make it easy ",,,"No smoking in the house, no animals in the house."
