"This newly renovated, top clean and furnished studio is located in a safe, quiet and interesting neighbourhood. You can use this place as a base from where you work or study for some time in this interesting city.","The studio is located in a three floor house and part of the 2nd floor. The House  is a 90 yr old characteristic Amsterdam building.  It has windows overlooking a beautiful and wide square with lovely old trees. The studio is recently renovated with a new bathroom, (consisting of a shower, washbasin and a toilet.) a new private kitchen, (with fridge, microwave and electric cooking, fully equipped.) double glazing and a laminate floor.  This newly renovated, top clean and furnished studio is located in a safe and quiet neighborhood. Wi-Fi is available for use.  NB You share the front door and the hallway, the studio is private for you. You can only rent for at least 5-12 months.","This newly renovated, top clean and furnished studio is located in a safe, quiet and interesting neighbourhood. You can use this place as a base from where you work or study for some time in this interesting city. The studio is located in a three floor house and part of the 2nd floor. The House  is a 90 yr old characteristic Amsterdam building.  It has windows overlooking a beautiful and wide square with lovely old trees. The studio is recently renovated with a new bathroom, (consisting of a shower, washbasin and a toilet.) a new private kitchen, (with fridge, microwave and electric cooking, fully equipped.) double glazing and a laminate floor.  This newly renovated, top clean and furnished studio is located in a safe and quiet neighborhood. Wi-Fi is available for use.  NB You share the front door and the hallway, the studio is private for you. You can only rent for at least 5-12 months. Location -- Quite residential area with beautiful old houses and lots of trees. Perhaps one of the ",Location -- Quite residential area with beautiful old houses and lots of trees. Perhaps one of the hidden gems of the town that most tourists don't get to discover. Lovely Frankendael Park just 3 minutes walk away. The park houses two top rated restaurants. Supermarkets en cafes are plentyful in the neighborhood. City center is 15 minutes bike ride.,From Schiphol airport you can take a train to Amsterdam Sciencepark (direction : Amsterdam Centraal Station) at .28 or .58. You arrive 30 minutes later. (From the Central station it takes 10 minutes by train to station Amsterdam Sciencepark).  Tram 9 and bus 65 also have stops nearby.,
