i,"Enjoy a relaxed break in the famous, picturesque Jordaan area of central Amsterdam with all amenities and attractions (email hidden)is beautiful apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, located on a quiet street in the must-see 'De 9 Straatjes' shopping area, is just a beautiful 15 minutes walk to Dam Square, the Anne Frank house and Museumplein and 5 minutes walk to Leidseplein. It is well serviced by trams and surrounded by excellent restaurants and bars to suit all tastes. The apartment has large open windows making it a bright and airy apartment and in the living area and bedroom there are really gorgeous french doors opening out over the view. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, crockery and all the other essentials. There is a kitchen island and dining table to make cooking and eating a social occasion. The relaxed living area has relaxing couches and a television so you can chill out and unwind. There is a large newly renovated double bedroom with","i Enjoy a relaxed break in the famous, picturesque Jordaan area of central Amsterdam with all amenities and attractions (email hidden)is beautiful apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, located on a quiet street in the must-see 'De 9 Straatjes' shopping area, is just a beautiful 15 minutes walk to Dam Square, the Anne Frank house and Museumplein and 5 minutes walk to Leidseplein. It is well serviced by trams and surrounded by excellent restaurants and bars to suit all tastes. The apartment has large open windows making it a bright and airy apartment and in the living area and bedroom there are really gorgeous french doors opening out over the view. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, crockery and all the other essentials. There is a kitchen island and dining table to make cooking and eating a social occasion. The relaxed living area has relaxing couches and a television so you can chill out and unwind. There is a large newly renovated double bedroom wi",,,"House parties, pets and smoking is not allowed"
