"Spacious, modern and luxurious apartment in the most characterful district in the heart of Amsterdam, within walking distance of the Central Station.","Spacious, modern and luxurious apartment in the most characterful district of Amsterdam, within walking distance of the Central Station.    The apartment is located on the quiet and authentic “Prinseneiland” between old canal houses and warehouses and is surrounded by romantic canals. Around the corner is the Haarlemmerdijk, one of the best shopping streets in the Netherlands and Amsterdam with great bars, cafes and restaurants and a romantic cinema as well. Also within walking distance of the Damsquare,  the lively Jordaan and Westerpark (the best park in Amsterdam, for a good walk or lunch/diner/drinks).  The apartment is on the third floor (with elevator) and includes a nice livingroom with lots of light, a large open kitchen with cooking island fully equipped with fridge, microwave/oven, dishwasher, a lot of cooking equipment and a good espresso machine.  A large bedroom with a king-size double bed and a flat screen TV. A bathroom with a comfortable modern bath, separate shower and","Spacious, modern and luxurious apartment in the most characterful district of Amsterdam, within walking distance of the Central Station.    The apartment is located on the quiet and authentic “Prinseneiland” between old canal houses and warehouses and is surrounded by romantic canals. Around the corner is the Haarlemmerdijk, one of the best shopping streets in the Netherlands and Amsterdam with great bars, cafes and restaurants and a romantic cinema as well. Also within walking distance of the Damsquare,  the lively Jordaan and Westerpark (the best park in Amsterdam, for a good walk or lunch/diner/drinks).  The apartment is on the third floor (with elevator) and includes a nice livingroom with lots of light, a large open kitchen with cooking island fully equipped with fridge, microwave/oven, dishwasher, a lot of cooking equipment and a good espresso machine.  A large bedroom with a king-size double bed and a flat screen TV. A bathroom with a comfortable modern bath, separate shower and",,,Smoking is not allowed inside the house.  Please remember the neighbours and do not turn on loud music after midnight.  Pets are not allowed.  You can use all utilities in the house as long they are left behind in the same state as you found them.  Have a fantastic stay in Amsterdam and I look forward to welcoming you!
