"This beautiful, sunny and modern apartment is located in the center of the pijp, a few minutes walk to the famous Albert Cuyp Market, Museum square (Rijksmuseum and van Gogh), Leidse square and Heineken experience!!  ","Nice and bright apartment with great balcony located in 'de Pijp'. Relax on your private balcony after a busy day at hotspots Heineken brewery, the famous market Albert Cuyp, leidsesquare and Museum square (Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh) which are around the corner! The appartment is situated in a quiet street leading to the Heinekenplein! Beautiful one bedroom apartment, perfectly suited for 2 persons. The living room has a large couche, great for comfortly watching at the large flatscreen television. The kitchen has all the equipment you expect, so cooking is no problem when staying at home for dinner. Seperate toilet. The bathroom includes a comfortable walk in shower. Finally, the bedroom has a thick matras and a television is present. Wi-Fi  Located in de populair neighbourhood 'de Pijp', many places are in arms reach. The famous market Albert Cuyp, Vondelpark, the Heineken brewery and the museum square (with Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Concerthall and Stedelijk museum) are all at a few min","This beautiful, sunny and modern apartment is located in the center of the pijp, a few minutes walk to the famous Albert Cuyp Market, Museum square (Rijksmuseum and van Gogh), Leidse square and Heineken experience!!  Nice and bright apartment with great balcony located in 'de Pijp'. Relax on your private balcony after a busy day at hotspots Heineken brewery, the famous market Albert Cuyp, leidsesquare and Museum square (Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh) which are around the corner! The appartment is situated in a quiet street leading to the Heinekenplein! Beautiful one bedroom apartment, perfectly suited for 2 persons. The living room has a large couche, great for comfortly watching at the large flatscreen television. The kitchen has all the equipment you expect, so cooking is no problem when staying at home for dinner. Seperate toilet. The bathroom includes a comfortable walk in shower. Finally, the bedroom has a thick matras and a television is present. Wi-Fi  Located in de populair neighbou",,,"Non smoking house, balcony available"
