"Our recently built one-bedroom apartment in Amsterdam-Oost is conveniently located above a lively shopping area. The direct neighborhood has a lot of nice restaurants, bars, markets, parks (Frankendael/Flevo/Oosterpark), and public transportation. The supermarkets (AH/Biolicious/Marqt) and a large variety of shops are located just a few meters away! It comfortably fits two people and has a large roof-terrace including a big herb garden. The bedroom is quiet and perfect to recharge and sleep.","We offer you an apartment of around 57 m2, conveniently located in Amsterdam Oost, in a recently built shopping area called Oostpoort.  We have a large living room including a modern kitchen that has all the necessary appliances (dishwasher, boiler, oven/microwave, coffee machine, blender etc.). We recently moved in the place ourselves (we are the firsts to occupy this newly built apartment), so everything is new and clean. There's high speed wireless internet, and a washing machine and a dryer for your convenience as well. Our roof terrace has sun until 18:00 o'clock and has a lot of fresh herbs for you to cook with.","Our recently built one-bedroom apartment in Amsterdam-Oost is conveniently located above a lively shopping area. The direct neighborhood has a lot of nice restaurants, bars, markets, parks (Frankendael/Flevo/Oosterpark), and public transportation. The supermarkets (AH/Biolicious/Marqt) and a large variety of shops are located just a few meters away! It comfortably fits two people and has a large roof-terrace including a big herb garden. The bedroom is quiet and perfect to recharge and sleep. We offer you an apartment of around 57 m2, conveniently located in Amsterdam Oost, in a recently built shopping area called Oostpoort.  We have a large living room including a modern kitchen that has all the necessary appliances (dishwasher, boiler, oven/microwave, coffee machine, blender etc.). We recently moved in the place ourselves (we are the firsts to occupy this newly built apartment), so everything is new and clean. There's high speed wireless internet, and a washing machine and a dryer for","The neighborhood is lively, but not loud. Our windows and walls are very well isolated, and the bedroom is located at the quiet back. It is a safe neighborhood, with a lot of shops around. I love waking up Saturday morning and going to the Dappermarkt (10 min walk) to get my fruits and veggies, as well as buy meat/chicken and get some some turkish bread for lunch.  The linneausstraat has a lot of restaurants and bars to offer, with large terraces to enjoy your drinks and meals.","There is a lot of public transportation around. Tram 9 stops 1 min away, as well as some buses (37, 41). Tram 7, 3, 14 are also in walking distance. Trainstation Muiderpoort is a 7 min walk. Both Metrostation Amstel and Weesperplein are easy to reach with tram and bus, or a somewhat longer walk (20 min).","We want you to enjoy your time in Amsterdam! That being said, we of course want you to treat our home and friendly neighbors with respect."
