"Fully renovated apartment with lots of natural daylight. Ideal for a short break with family or friends. Centrally located with many public transport towards city centre (10min) in front of the apartment. Enjoy the fully equipped kitchen, cozy living room area, and have some drinks on the balcony and enjoy!","This fully renovated apartment includes: - 2 Private bedrooms, 12m2 and 15m2, with flatscreen tv in master bedroom, lots of natural light coming through the big windows, both access to the sunny balcony. Bedlinen provided. - One bathroom with big rain-shower, toilet, sink and large mirror. - Big open fully equipped kitchen, included dishwasher, microwave oven, and big fridge with freezer.  - Large living area with a big cozy couch and flatscreen tv (cable tv), dining table for 4 people.  - Free WiFi available.","Fully renovated apartment with lots of natural daylight. Ideal for a short break with family or friends. Centrally located with many public transport towards city centre (10min) in front of the apartment. Enjoy the fully equipped kitchen, cozy living room area, and have some drinks on the balcony and enjoy! This fully renovated apartment includes: - 2 Private bedrooms, 12m2 and 15m2, with flatscreen tv in master bedroom, lots of natural light coming through the big windows, both access to the sunny balcony. Bedlinen provided. - One bathroom with big rain-shower, toilet, sink and large mirror. - Big open fully equipped kitchen, included dishwasher, microwave oven, and big fridge with freezer.  - Large living area with a big cozy couch and flatscreen tv (cable tv), dining table for 4 people.  - Free WiFi available. Access to the whole apartment, including 2 private bedrooms, one bathroom, open kitchen and living room, and  balcony.  No access to small storage room in the apartment. I'm n","The apartment is located in the hip and upcoming Amsterdam Oost. With lot of bars, restaurants, the Dappermarket and shops around the corner. Also a lot of green with the Oosterpark en Flevopark in the street.","In front of the apartment tram 3 and 7, multiple buses to all the other neighborhoods in Amsterdam and to the city centre. The train station Muiderpoort is in the street, 2 minute walk. You can also rent a bike to discover Amsterdam by bicycle (availble in the shop under the Muiderpoort station).",
