"Oversee and walk straight into The ""Westerpark"". It is a public urban park in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The verdant space of the former gasworks plant along the Haarlemmerweg has become a place for cultural avant-garde businesses and events, where you will find several 'hip' bars and restaurants. Next to that, you should definitely visit the ""Jordaan"" district and the adjacent ""Nine little streets"". You can all do it by foot, or use the public transport which stops 50 meters from the apartment.","Nicely furnished 2 room apartment with sunny balcony and lovely wide view at the Westerpark! The wooden floor together with the white walls and modern furniture give a light, clean and spacious feeling. From the living room you have a great view at the Westerpark. The new kitchen contains all the essentials and is attached to the living room. The bedroom and bathroom are located at the backside. To reach the cozy and sunny balcony, just open the large glass doors in the bedroom. It's a perfect place to have a romantic breakfast or lunch together. The bathroom is right next to the bedroom, has a bath and separate shower and toilet. There's a separate toilet as well back in the hallway. The Westerpark is the hippest parc of Amsterdam with many activities going on all year round. With an old farmer's house and a sunday market and ice skating in winter. A lot of festivals (music, art, science, fashion and food) and parties are organized at the old gas factory area. For daily entertainment ","Oversee and walk straight into The ""Westerpark"". It is a public urban park in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The verdant space of the former gasworks plant along the Haarlemmerweg has become a place for cultural avant-garde businesses and events, where you will find several 'hip' bars and restaurants. Next to that, you should definitely visit the ""Jordaan"" district and the adjacent ""Nine little streets"". You can all do it by foot, or use the public transport which stops 50 meters from the apartment. Nicely furnished 2 room apartment with sunny balcony and lovely wide view at the Westerpark! The wooden floor together with the white walls and modern furniture give a light, clean and spacious feeling. From the living room you have a great view at the Westerpark. The new kitchen contains all the essentials and is attached to the living room. The bedroom and bathroom are located at the backside. To reach the cozy and sunny balcony, just open the large glass doors in the bedroom. It's a perfect pla",,,"Please act as you would do at your own home. The neighbors are very friendly, but want to sleep during the night.  No animals allowed.  Smoking is allowed at the balcony Be free and feel at home!"
