"we provide a  luxery renovated private room with a bathroom En suite.  in Amsterdam South   easy connection to the center,  the museums central station and the Rai with the tram 15min also possible to rent bikes.","We provide a  renovated private room with a new bathroom En-suite For the people who have problems to walk on stairs is this a perfect place to stay. The guestroom have a private entree. The guestroom is seperated from the rest of the house where we live. The neighborhood is a nice place to be. The architect from the buildings is mostly Berlage ( the amsterdam scool style) and close by is the big canal the Amstel who goes to the nice grachten in Amsterdam. You have a lot of places to take a boattrip. the guest room is located in the South of Amsterdam near the trendy place The Pijp with all his lovely restaurants and cafes.  The guestroom is available for 2 persons but there is possibility to sleep with 3 persons . Ask that before!! ( 50 euro extra for the extra person after 2 persons)  on the room we have  TV, WIFI  for free and a small fridge,coffee and tea watercooker and towels","we provide a  luxery renovated private room with a bathroom En suite.  in Amsterdam South   easy connection to the center,  the museums central station and the Rai with the tram 15min also possible to rent bikes. We provide a  renovated private room with a new bathroom En-suite For the people who have problems to walk on stairs is this a perfect place to stay. The guestroom have a private entree. The guestroom is seperated from the rest of the house where we live. The neighborhood is a nice place to be. The architect from the buildings is mostly Berlage ( the amsterdam scool style) and close by is the big canal the Amstel who goes to the nice grachten in Amsterdam. You have a lot of places to take a boattrip. the guest room is located in the South of Amsterdam near the trendy place The Pijp with all his lovely restaurants and cafes.  The guestroom is available for 2 persons but there is possibility to sleep with 3 persons . Ask that before!! ( 50 euro extra for the extra person after 2","The neighborhood is a trendy place with a big market around the corner with lovely  restaurants and  bars  it"" s  near  by  the Amstel  Canal.  You  can make a   nice  Boat  trip!! In 15  minutes  by public transport  and  you are in  the  center of Amsterdam","there is good   line conection to the center museums and the central station, the Rai . the station from the tram 4/7/3 is close by and with the train from schiphol to this place is 15 min to station the Rai. there is a possibility to rent a bike for a small extra price",threat the room with respect no pats alowed Check in till 10.00 pm no smoking in the room
