,"The apartment looks tastefully decorated and is very clean.  In the living room is a large lounge couch, where you can relax on and is equipped with lcd tv and a blue ray dvd player.  There is a bose sound dock with Ipod connection there is a FREE WIFI connection. A cosy dining table and a fully equipped kitchen makes the living room complete. There is also a Nespresso coffee machine in the kitchen. The bedroom is spacious and the bed is just slightly larger than a normal bed. The bathroom is equipped with a large showerhead and a luxury sink. Towels are also provided. On the balcony you can enjoy a nice cup of coffee or sigaret. When you check in to my apartment a nice bottle of wine or a cold beer or a refreshing drink is waiting for you. The apartment will be entirely at your disposal. You feel just like home. A good friend of mine (Sjoerd) will probably check in and check out, and can tell you everything about the city. Most of the time I am abroad for my work.  My House is located","The apartment looks tastefully decorated and is very clean.  In the living room is a large lounge couch, where you can relax on and is equipped with lcd tv and a blue ray dvd player.  There is a bose sound dock with Ipod connection there is a FREE WIFI connection. A cosy dining table and a fully equipped kitchen makes the living room complete. There is also a Nespresso coffee machine in the kitchen. The bedroom is spacious and the bed is just slightly larger than a normal bed. The bathroom is equipped with a large showerhead and a luxury sink. Towels are also provided. On the balcony you can enjoy a nice cup of coffee or sigaret. When you check in to my apartment a nice bottle of wine or a cold beer or a refreshing drink is waiting for you. The apartment will be entirely at your disposal. You feel just like home. A good friend of mine (Sjoerd) will probably check in and check out, and can tell you everything about the city. Most of the time I am abroad for my work.  My House is located",,3 Minutes walking distance from the tram stop.,"Behandel mijn huis aub met zorg, zoals je dat ook met eigen huis doet. *Niet roken in huis. *Geen feestjes. *Geen vreemden in huis behalve de personen die er verblijven tijdens de periode dat ze het hebben geboekt. *Mijn huis zal helemaal schoon zijn als je aankomt, het zou fijn zijn als dat bij vertrek nog ongeveer hetzelfde is. *Bij aankomst staat er een flesje wijn,wat biertjes en wat fris voor je klaar; *Handdoeken zijn aanwezig. *Beddengoed aanwezig *Geniet van dit heerlijke appartement en buurt en de mooie stad Treat my house with care like as do with yours. *Don't smoke inside my house; *No parties in my house; *No strangers in the apartment apart from the persons who rent the apartment during the days of stay. *Upon arrival there is a bottle of wine some cold beers and refreshing drinks waiting for you *Towels are there so don't need to bring them. *Clean bed linen *My apartment will be clean upon arrival it will be appreciated if you leave this same when you depart after your "
