"A spacious and luxurious stay, just footsteps away from the booming heart of Amsterdam and with a view over the Sarphatipark.","This apartment is centrally located, just a short tram ride away from the central station, in the popular and artistic neighborhood 'De Pijp'. The area is packed with cosy restaurants, bars and cafés. The apartment consists of two floors, and occupies 110 square meters. The house dates back from the 1890's, but the house has been renovated completely last year. It has been equipped with a brand new kitchen, bathroom and a nice roof top terrace.","A spacious and luxurious stay, just footsteps away from the booming heart of Amsterdam and with a view over the Sarphatipark. This apartment is centrally located, just a short tram ride away from the central station, in the popular and artistic neighborhood 'De Pijp'. The area is packed with cosy restaurants, bars and cafés. The apartment consists of two floors, and occupies 110 square meters. The house dates back from the 1890's, but the house has been renovated completely last year. It has been equipped with a brand new kitchen, bathroom and a nice roof top terrace. Features: - Wifi - Flat screen TV - DVD player - Microwave - Smeg oven - Smeg 6 burner stove - Coffee machine - Toaster - Iron and ironing boards - king size bed, baby bed available if desired We would be happy to tell you anything you want to know about the lovely city of Amsterdam The house is situated just across the Sarphatipark, which is a lovely lush garden park with an old fountain in the middle, and is perfect for","The house is situated just across the Sarphatipark, which is a lovely lush garden park with an old fountain in the middle, and is perfect for a nice stroll. The famous Albert Cuypmarket (a daily market) and Heineken factory are just around the corner. The area is packed with little boutiques, vintage shops, cosy restaurants, cafes and bars. The busy city centre is just a short walk away. This central location is the perfect starting point to explore the city.","Although everything is within walking distance, it is also possible to use the tram lines 16, 24, 4 and 25 to get into the city centre. The leidse square, munt square, Rembrandt square and flowermarket are all within walking distance. ","No smoking, no pets."
