"Nice 60m2  2 room quiet modern top floor appartment with use of shower and kitchen in Citycenter of Amsterdam. I'll provide you with some towels, clean sheets and there are extra blankets in case you need them.  Minimum stay: 10 nights","60m2 clean quiet top floor 1 bedroom appartment in Citycenter of Amsterdam built in 1990. I'll provide you with some towels, clean sheets and there are extra blankets in case you need them.  The area is safe and quiet, but still very close to the city center.  Public transport: bus 22 to/from Central Station and tram 10 to Leidseplein. 25 minutes walk to Central Station, 10 minutes walk to Kadijksplein where you find some nice cafes and restaurants. Food can be prepared in my kitchen with built in appliances, or  there are very nice places to have breakfast around Waterlooplein; 15 min walk; Coffee Company, Bagels & Beans When making a reservation, please email me with a little bit about you  Thanks! Minimum stay: 10 nights","Nice 60m2  2 room quiet modern top floor appartment with use of shower and kitchen in Citycenter of Amsterdam. I'll provide you with some towels, clean sheets and there are extra blankets in case you need them.  Minimum stay: 10 nights 60m2 clean quiet top floor 1 bedroom appartment in Citycenter of Amsterdam built in 1990. I'll provide you with some towels, clean sheets and there are extra blankets in case you need them.  The area is safe and quiet, but still very close to the city center.  Public transport: bus 22 to/from Central Station and tram 10 to Leidseplein. 25 minutes walk to Central Station, 10 minutes walk to Kadijksplein where you find some nice cafes and restaurants. Food can be prepared in my kitchen with built in appliances, or  there are very nice places to have breakfast around Waterlooplein; 15 min walk; Coffee Company, Bagels & Beans When making a reservation, please email me with a little bit about you  Thanks! Minimum stay: 10 nights Wifi Close to City Centre, qui","Close to City Centre, quiet",Bus 22 to & drom Railway  Central Station & tram 10 to Leidseplein.,"no drugs, no parties, smoking please on balcony"
