"Nice and bright 4-room apartment (62m2) in Amsterdam, close to the city centre. Perfect house if you come with a kid. The house has a large and nice kitchen, double bedroom, living room, study and balcony.","Nice and bright 4-room apartment (62m2) in Amsterdam, close to the city centre. Perfect house if you come with a kid. The house has a large and nice kitchen, double bedroom, living room and study. The balcony (8m2) on the southwest gets sun from 1pm to 8pm. Kitchen with all appliances like coffee machine, kettle, oven, fridge, dishwasher and plenty of herbs (if you want to do serious cooking); comfortable and cosy living room with TV screen, DVD-player, xbox, and lots of DVDs. Free wifi available.  Quiet street in ""Baarsjes""-area close to the J.P. Heijestraat, Kinkerstraat and the Ten Kate Market. The neighbourhood is lively, well located (tram nr. 7, nr. 12, nr. 13, nr. 14 and nr. 17 all stop around the corner) and an upcoming area in Amsterdam: in a walking distance you’ll find many trendy bars and cosy restaurants. Central station is only 15 minutes away per tram 13, the Jordaansdistrict 10 minutes with tram 13 or 14, Leidschesquare is 10 minutes away with tram 7.  We have a cat (Sj","Nice and bright 4-room apartment (62m2) in Amsterdam, close to the city centre. Perfect house if you come with a kid. The house has a large and nice kitchen, double bedroom, living room, study and balcony. Nice and bright 4-room apartment (62m2) in Amsterdam, close to the city centre. Perfect house if you come with a kid. The house has a large and nice kitchen, double bedroom, living room and study. The balcony (8m2) on the southwest gets sun from 1pm to 8pm. Kitchen with all appliances like coffee machine, kettle, oven, fridge, dishwasher and plenty of herbs (if you want to do serious cooking); comfortable and cosy living room with TV screen, DVD-player, xbox, and lots of DVDs. Free wifi available.  Quiet street in ""Baarsjes""-area close to the J.P. Heijestraat, Kinkerstraat and the Ten Kate Market. The neighbourhood is lively, well located (tram nr. 7, nr. 12, nr. 13, nr. 14 and nr. 17 all stop around the corner) and an upcoming area in Amsterdam: in a walking distance you’ll find man",,,"We have no specific house rules, other then: please treat our house as you would do with your own. And enjoy it! You can use everything that is there - our equipment, our herbs, our stuff that is in the kitchen. If you have any questions, you can always contact us by mail or phone. The only question we have is if you can feed our cat Sjakie. Details will be written down on a note on the table. It is easy: every morning and evening he gets some food."
