"Our well-designed apartment is located in one of Amsterdam's more popular and comfortable neighborhoods, Oud West, and close to many Amsterdam city highlights.","OUR PLACE is located in one of Amsterdam's more popular and comfortable neighborhoods, Oud West. It is a well-designed apartment close to many Amsterdam city highlights, such as the Vondelpark, Museumplein (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum), the famous Leidseplein and very close too Amsterdam’s picturesque canal belt with its 9 Streets District and the Jordaan (all within reasonable walking distance). In the neighborhood you can find many good bars and restaurants. THE APARTMENT The apartment is situated on the second floor. The apartment is totally private, so you have the entire place for yourself. We have very friendly neighbors, who live in the same building. The apartment has a living room with a open and very modern kitchen, which is well equipped. It features a very modern and complete kitchen with refrigerator, microwave/oven, dishwasher, modern stovetop – it is a very comfortable kitchen to cook in. Close by there are serveral supermarkets and also the Ten Kat","Our well-designed apartment is located in one of Amsterdam's more popular and comfortable neighborhoods, Oud West, and close to many Amsterdam city highlights. OUR PLACE is located in one of Amsterdam's more popular and comfortable neighborhoods, Oud West. It is a well-designed apartment close to many Amsterdam city highlights, such as the Vondelpark, Museumplein (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum), the famous Leidseplein and very close too Amsterdam’s picturesque canal belt with its 9 Streets District and the Jordaan (all within reasonable walking distance). In the neighborhood you can find many good bars and restaurants. THE APARTMENT The apartment is situated on the second floor. The apartment is totally private, so you have the entire place for yourself. We have very friendly neighbors, who live in the same building. The apartment has a living room with a open and very modern kitchen, which is well equipped. It features a very modern and complete kitchen with refrig","Our neighborhood is very lively area. In our street you will find a lot of shops like Hema. In one of the cross street of the Kinkerstraat, Ten Katestraat, is daily a street market, Ten Katemarkt (except on Sunday). Close by you can find many coffee bars, cafes and restaurants. Good options are: Bar Spek (Admiraal de Ruijterweg 1) - One of the hotspots in the neighborhood. Good menu and friendly people. The his not super big, so if you want to have dinner, give them a call and see if they have availability. Fa. Spijkervet (Admiraal de Ruijterweg 79) - Close to Bar Spek you can find this nice cosmopolitan style restaurant, which is open from 10 a.m. in the morning. The menu is North European and they use local produced and organic ingredients. Edel (Postjesweg 1) - Just around the corner of our house you can find Edel. They have one of the best terraces of Amsterdam. Lot Sixty One Coffee Roasters (Kinkerstraat 112) - Really great coffeeshop, which is owned by an Australian, who has live","Desde Schiphol en coche: - Obtener en A4 hacia Utrecht / Haarlem / Amsterdam. - En el cruce Knooppunt De Nieuwe Meer, manténgase a la derecha y seguir las indicaciones para E22/A10 en dirección oeste hacia la circunvalación Amsterdam West / Centrum / Zaanstad / Leeuwarden. - Salga por Cornelis Lelylaan/s106 hacia Oud-West y girar a la derecha. - Leve izquierda en Surinameplein/s106. - En la rotonda, toma la segunda salida en dirección Surinameplein. - Continúe por Hoofdweg y gire a la derecha en Postjesweg. - Continúe por Kinkerstraat","You can play music or make some noise, but be aware that you don’t disturb our neighbors. Especially when you sit outside on the balcony, don't make to much noise at night. Most of the people sleep at the back of their houses. It’s not possible to sleep on the couch. If needed, you can find an extra mattress under the bed in the master bedroom. Smoking and using drugs is absolutely forbidden! You're not allowed to invite friends or other people to our house."
