"This comfortable apartment is in East, 10 minutes by bike or tram to the red light district or van Gogh museum. But you can just stay around the house for a lot of bars, restaurants and musea. House is fully equipped with everything you need.","This cosy and comfy one bedroom apartment is located close to the Oosterpark and is on the first floor.  This furnished apartment comprises: - a living room with a flatscreen TV, large dining table with 6 chairs and a large sofa;  - a fully equipped kitchen including a 4 pit stove, oven, microwave, Nespresso machines, fridge and small freezer;  - a double bedroom with a new luxury box spring and a large closet; - a bathroom (with toilet, shower and hand basin);  - a balcony overlooking the large shared garden, which is also accessible. There are towels and bed linen for the entire stay. Furthermore you will find a washing machine and free fast wifi. There are also plenty of cafes, bars, restaurants and shops within walking distance. The famous zoo of Amsterdam, Artis, is just 5 minutes by bike! Also the beer brewery het IJ can be reached in 5 minutes by walking, for the tastiest beers of Holland. The metro, bus and tram aren't more than a 3 minute walk and will take you to the old city","This comfortable apartment is in East, 10 minutes by bike or tram to the red light district or van Gogh museum. But you can just stay around the house for a lot of bars, restaurants and musea. House is fully equipped with everything you need. This cosy and comfy one bedroom apartment is located close to the Oosterpark and is on the first floor.  This furnished apartment comprises: - a living room with a flatscreen TV, large dining table with 6 chairs and a large sofa;  - a fully equipped kitchen including a 4 pit stove, oven, microwave, Nespresso machines, fridge and small freezer;  - a double bedroom with a new luxury box spring and a large closet; - a bathroom (with toilet, shower and hand basin);  - a balcony overlooking the large shared garden, which is also accessible. There are towels and bed linen for the entire stay. Furthermore you will find a washing machine and free fast wifi. There are also plenty of cafes, bars, restaurants and shops within walking distance. The famous zoo",,,"There is a house keeper that cleans once a week, depending on your stay. There are no extra rules. Just treat the house like it yours :)"
