Nice house with a garden with sun in a quiet part of the city of Amsterdam. This house is near Weesperplein. ,"Lovely appartement with garden in downtown Amsterdam. The appartement is located in a quiet neighbourhood in the eastside of the centre. In the appartement are 2 bedrooms, livingroom with kitchen, bathroom and a 35 sqr garden with sun in the afternoon. Public transportation is nearby.(Weesperplein)  Centre of Amsterdam in 5 minutes, by tram, metro or bus. By bike in 10 minutes. There are 3 playgrounds in the area, Oosterpark en the well-known Dappermarkt are located in a 5 minute distance. Supermarkt is around the corner. De Pijp area with Albert Cuypmarket is located in a 10 minute distance. Nice breakfast at Hotel Arena in 2 minutes, Rijksmuseum in 10 minutes, Utrechtse straat with lovely restaurants and shops 10 minutes. Children are more then welcome. Craddle and travelbed are there. Parking near the house is possible. Free parking is possible in a distance of 10 minutes by public transport. Park-plan with full discription is there.","Nice house with a garden with sun in a quiet part of the city of Amsterdam. This house is near Weesperplein.  Lovely appartement with garden in downtown Amsterdam. The appartement is located in a quiet neighbourhood in the eastside of the centre. In the appartement are 2 bedrooms, livingroom with kitchen, bathroom and a 35 sqr garden with sun in the afternoon. Public transportation is nearby.(Weesperplein)  Centre of Amsterdam in 5 minutes, by tram, metro or bus. By bike in 10 minutes. There are 3 playgrounds in the area, Oosterpark en the well-known Dappermarkt are located in a 5 minute distance. Supermarkt is around the corner. De Pijp area with Albert Cuypmarket is located in a 10 minute distance. Nice breakfast at Hotel Arena in 2 minutes, Rijksmuseum in 10 minutes, Utrechtse straat with lovely restaurants and shops 10 minutes. Children are more then welcome. Craddle and travelbed are there. Parking near the house is possible. Free parking is possible in a distance of 10 minutes by",,,* geen harde geluiden na 22:00 * geen feesten en partijen * geen extra gasten
