A cute apartment in the east area of Amsterdam. Total of 3 rooms. 2 bedrooms. 1 living room and 1 kitchen. It's close to the city center in a trendy neighborhood with fancy coffee places & smart restaurants.,"We (Jord and Laura) life happily together in this apartment. There's a small kitchen but still it's the center of the house. We like to cook tasty and healthy food, and then sit and eat together whenever we can. You are welcome to use anything that is available in our kitchen. The bathroom is small but nice. The shower has a very nice waterpressure. There are enough mirrors in the house to check yourself in before hitting the town. And we have a washing machine your welcome to use. Enjoy your stay in our cosy home!","A cute apartment in the east area of Amsterdam. Total of 3 rooms. 2 bedrooms. 1 living room and 1 kitchen. It's close to the city center in a trendy neighborhood with fancy coffee places & smart restaurants. We (Jord and Laura) life happily together in this apartment. There's a small kitchen but still it's the center of the house. We like to cook tasty and healthy food, and then sit and eat together whenever we can. You are welcome to use anything that is available in our kitchen. The bathroom is small but nice. The shower has a very nice waterpressure. There are enough mirrors in the house to check yourself in before hitting the town. And we have a washing machine your welcome to use. Enjoy your stay in our cosy home! You can use the internet, kitchen, bathroom and washing machine. We'd love to help you out with finding the nice places in and around Amsterdam. So feel free to ask. Look into our personal guidebook on our page. There you'll find our favorite places, restaurants, and bar","What I love about this neighbourhood is that it's quiet,  spacious,  and in a 10 min bike ride your out of the city enjoying green fields and beautiful typical Dutch houses in Durgerdam. In Schellingwoude there's a great farmersmarket called de Landmarkt. We have two parks close by and in a 15 min bike ride your in the city centre. Best of both worlds",Tram 14 (direction: flevopark) and Bus 22 (direction: indische buurt) stop at our place.,
