"The room is 20m² big and very bright with a really nice balcony facing south west. The apartment is on the top level, fully renovated 3 years ago, 86m² big and in a nice and very quiet and green area next to the Westerpark, situated on a small canal.","You've got a double bed with a brandnew mattress, a shelf, mirror, clothes rack, 4 chairs and a nice working desk in front of the window. The tv is connected to the internet.","The room is 20m² big and very bright with a really nice balcony facing south west. The apartment is on the top level, fully renovated 3 years ago, 86m² big and in a nice and very quiet and green area next to the Westerpark, situated on a small canal. You've got a double bed with a brandnew mattress, a shelf, mirror, clothes rack, 4 chairs and a nice working desk in front of the window. The tv is connected to the internet. You can of course use the bathroom and kitchen. Everything is nice and clean, so I'd like someone who respects that. I would love someone who respects privacy and doesn't party all night ;-) Check out the ""walfis"" bar just around the corner, it's a really nice bar and the hamburgers are great! You can walk to the Jordan neighborhood (nice bars and cafés, canals, old houses, galleries) or the Westerpark (jogging, hanging by the pool, nice cafés and bars) From Central station (which is the nearest train station) you can take the bus 22 or 48 which run every 10min or a t","Check out the ""walfis"" bar just around the corner, it's a really nice bar and the hamburgers are great!","You can walk to the Jordan neighborhood (nice bars and cafés, canals, old houses, galleries) or the Westerpark (jogging, hanging by the pool, nice cafés and bars) From Central station (which is the nearest train station) you can take the bus 22 or 48 which run every 10min or a taxi which will cost about 15 Euros. Walking is easy too but will take like half an hour.",I am working quite a lot so I am looking for someone nice and quiet :-) It's a non smoking house.
