"Located in a hip 'indische buurt' neighbourhood in Amsterdam, this apartment is perfect to stay low key in a neighbourhood where you feel like you've lived there all your life. In the neighbourhood you will find a coffeehouses, multiple restaurants, movie theater, shops and everything else you need.","The apartment (40m2) is located in a building that's more than 100 years old. Totally renovated it offers all the modern necessities as of today. The nicest thing to do, is to sit on the sill, open the window and catch some sunlight while reading a book or watching people go by.","Located in a hip 'indische buurt' neighbourhood in Amsterdam, this apartment is perfect to stay low key in a neighbourhood where you feel like you've lived there all your life. In the neighbourhood you will find a coffeehouses, multiple restaurants, movie theater, shops and everything else you need. The apartment (40m2) is located in a building that's more than 100 years old. Totally renovated it offers all the modern necessities as of today. The nicest thing to do, is to sit on the sill, open the window and catch some sunlight while reading a book or watching people go by. Full access During your stay you will be all by yourself and will have full privacy. The Apartment is located in the East Indian neighbourhood, the most multinational neighbourhood in Amsterdam. The East part is currently undergoing a big transformation from being a lesser part to becoming the part where artist and creative professionals live and work. New restaurants, shops and bars are opening up every month. A li","The Apartment is located in the East Indian neighbourhood, the most multinational neighbourhood in Amsterdam. The East part is currently undergoing a big transformation from being a lesser part to becoming the part where artist and creative professionals live and work. New restaurants, shops and bars are opening up every month. A lively neighbourhood!","Close to the apartment you can find the tram that takes you to Waterloo-, Rembrandt-, Munt- and Dam Square, the Artis city zoo, Jordaan and much more. You can also rent bikes at the bikeshop around the corner for €9 a day. Definitely recommended!",Don't do anything you wouldn't do at your own place.
