"Spacious 1-bedroom-home with wooden floor and sunny garden with all kind of amenities. Feel at home in our very cosy and comfortable private house.  The Urban East side of Amsterdam is a popular neighbourhood with loads of restaurants, bars, clubs, culture and shops.","Beautiful, tranquil appartment (55 sq. mtr) on the ground floor located in the 'Indische Buurt' of Amsterdam, directly between the famous and lively Dappermarket and Oosterpark full with bars and restaurants. Perfect for a couple! This cosy and comfy one bedroom has an 30m2 garden with sun all day. Here you can relax in the sun with some drinks, have breakfast or even BBQ. The appartment features a large living area with relaxing couch, large dining table, tv and wifi. Attached you find a comfortable bedroom with double bed and door to the garden. Bathroom with shower and toilet. Kitchen completely furnished with dishwasher and washingmachine and access to the garden.","Spacious 1-bedroom-home with wooden floor and sunny garden with all kind of amenities. Feel at home in our very cosy and comfortable private house.  The Urban East side of Amsterdam is a popular neighbourhood with loads of restaurants, bars, clubs, culture and shops. Beautiful, tranquil appartment (55 sq. mtr) on the ground floor located in the 'Indische Buurt' of Amsterdam, directly between the famous and lively Dappermarket and Oosterpark full with bars and restaurants. Perfect for a couple! This cosy and comfy one bedroom has an 30m2 garden with sun all day. Here you can relax in the sun with some drinks, have breakfast or even BBQ. The appartment features a large living area with relaxing couch, large dining table, tv and wifi. Attached you find a comfortable bedroom with double bed and door to the garden. Bathroom with shower and toilet. Kitchen completely furnished with dishwasher and washingmachine and access to the garden. You will have access to the full apartment. Total priva","The area ' Indische Buurt' is 15 mins from Amsterdam centre, easily reached by tram, bus or even train which is around the corner of the house. Other vibrant area's like the Pijp are not even 10 min by tram or bike. We reccommend to hire a bike. By bike everything is around 15  minutes. Leideseplein 10 min by tram Central station 6 min by train or 10 min by bus. The Indische Buurt is a vibrant and upcoming area, with lots of young adults, artists and energetic people and part of Amsterdam East. Amsterdam East is hip and happening with new shops, bars and restaurants opening almost weekly. On our side of the Oosterpark you find many new bars and restaurants like Biertuin and cafe Cuijper. Closeby is the recently renovated Beukenplein with several bars and restaurants  like Bar Bukowski, Smoking Barrels and Maxwell. Chilling and barbecueing can be done in the Oosterpark.  Artis Zoo  and Hortus Botanicus is a short 10 minutes walk. On the other side of the Amstel river is the Pijp area, a","Around the corner you can find trams, busses and trains to every part of Amsterdam. Please feel free to email me with any questions about the home, the neigbourhood, transportation etc.",no pets allowed no smoking in the house
