A beautifull and luxe appartment In a quiet and chic Vondelpark area at walking distance of Museum Square for two persons. Appartment  was complete refurbished in 2013. The appartment makes you stay luxuries and completed! ,"Welcome to our beautiful home, which will be all yours during your stay in Amsterdam! As soon as you cross the doorstep, you will feel at home right away. Cosy and comfortable, those words describe this place best! The apartment is located in a quiet street in the heart of Oud Zuid. The famous Museum Square and Vondelpark is literally around the corner. Since we are living in the area everything is on a walking distance. 5 to 10 minutes walk or with the tram to almost all popular sights and attractions such as: * Museum quarter (Rijksmuseum, van Gogh, Stedelijk)  * Heineken brewery   * Canal belt (World Heritage)  * Royal palace  * Many cosy bars and restaurants  * Vondelpark (big park, perfect for your morning run)  * Shopping area including the chic PC Hooftstraat for all famous designers, boutique shops in the popular 9 streets, Utrechtsestraat especially for foodies, Albert Cuyp market and more!  The apartment (75 m2) has two floors with a big very bright living and diner room. The","A beautifull and luxe appartment In a quiet and chic Vondelpark area at walking distance of Museum Square for two persons. Appartment  was complete refurbished in 2013. The appartment makes you stay luxuries and completed!  Welcome to our beautiful home, which will be all yours during your stay in Amsterdam! As soon as you cross the doorstep, you will feel at home right away. Cosy and comfortable, those words describe this place best! The apartment is located in a quiet street in the heart of Oud Zuid. The famous Museum Square and Vondelpark is literally around the corner. Since we are living in the area everything is on a walking distance. 5 to 10 minutes walk or with the tram to almost all popular sights and attractions such as: * Museum quarter (Rijksmuseum, van Gogh, Stedelijk)  * Heineken brewery   * Canal belt (World Heritage)  * Royal palace  * Many cosy bars and restaurants  * Vondelpark (big park, perfect for your morning run)  * Shopping area including the chic PC Hooftstraat",,,
