"If you want to stay in the most lively area of Amsterdam, yet quiet at night, close to the Museum Square and the Albert Cuyp, with all the amenities you need (ground floor, fully equiped apartment) this is the right place for you to stay. We look forward to welcome you soon!","The ground floor appartment is fully renovated in 2013 and equipped with one bedroom, a bathroom, seperate toilet, washing room, a hallway and a very cozy open kitchen with living room. There is a sofa/bed in the living room for the third person.    Both the spacious Master bedroom and the living room have blackout curtains, so you can sleep in without waking up by daylight early in the morning. The bathroom is equiped with one sink and a comfortable shower.  Wireless Internet access is available Central Heating system  iPhone/MP3 stereo connections for the sound system Washing machine/dryer Nespresso coffee machine Clean sheets and towels are all included Our place (60 m2) is located in the heart of Amsterdam's most popular and most comfortable neighborhood, the Pijp. It is a well-designed apartment located very close to the Museumsquare (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum), the famous Leidseplein and  close to the Heinekensquare (Heineken Experience). The apartment is ","If you want to stay in the most lively area of Amsterdam, yet quiet at night, close to the Museum Square and the Albert Cuyp, with all the amenities you need (ground floor, fully equiped apartment) this is the right place for you to stay. We look forward to welcome you soon! The ground floor appartment is fully renovated in 2013 and equipped with one bedroom, a bathroom, seperate toilet, washing room, a hallway and a very cozy open kitchen with living room. There is a sofa/bed in the living room for the third person.    Both the spacious Master bedroom and the living room have blackout curtains, so you can sleep in without waking up by daylight early in the morning. The bathroom is equiped with one sink and a comfortable shower.  Wireless Internet access is available Central Heating system  iPhone/MP3 stereo connections for the sound system Washing machine/dryer Nespresso coffee machine Clean sheets and towels are all included Our place (60 m2) is located in the heart of Amsterdam's mo","De Pijp, known as Amsterdam's Quartier Latin, situated in the southern part of Amsterdam and a short tram ride (take tram 16, 24, or 25 from Dam Square) away from the bustle in the streets of central Amsterdam, is one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. The inhabitants, the narrow streets, the many cafes and restaurants and the atmosphere of De Pijp are all reminiscent of the famous Parisian students' quarter.",From Amsterdam Central Station take tram 16 or 24 and get out at stop Albert Cuyp Market. This tram stop is only 50 metres from our house.,
