,"Mi casa es su casa. That's the idea! My house is located in the Indische Buurt. This is an upcoming neighbourhood located ten minutes from the city. My house has one big and one small sleeping room, a big living room with an open kitchen. In total it's about 70m2.  It's located on the first floor and has a sunny balcony on the front side and a large terrace (30m2) on the back.  You'll find a two person bed; a corner sofa which is perfectly suited for watching a movie on my beamer; a two person bath with rain shower to warm yourself if you are raided by a rainy day;  and a washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, coffee and espresso machine, oven, microwave, stereo etc. Of course there is a wireless internet connection and cable tv.  But, there is a but. My house isn't completely my house anymore... I share it with my two cats: Bear and Mouse. Bear is a superfriendly, playfull and cuddly cat. He even fetches his toys!  Mouse is really shy. Her favorite thing in the world is to be left alone ","Mi casa es su casa. That's the idea! My house is located in the Indische Buurt. This is an upcoming neighbourhood located ten minutes from the city. My house has one big and one small sleeping room, a big living room with an open kitchen. In total it's about 70m2.  It's located on the first floor and has a sunny balcony on the front side and a large terrace (30m2) on the back.  You'll find a two person bed; a corner sofa which is perfectly suited for watching a movie on my beamer; a two person bath with rain shower to warm yourself if you are raided by a rainy day;  and a washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, coffee and espresso machine, oven, microwave, stereo etc. Of course there is a wireless internet connection and cable tv.  But, there is a but. My house isn't completely my house anymore... I share it with my two cats: Bear and Mouse. Bear is a superfriendly, playfull and cuddly cat. He even fetches his toys!  Mouse is really shy. Her favorite thing in the world is to be left alone ","The Indische Buurt has lots to offer! It's located between two great parks. The Flevopark which is quiet and bushy, with my new favorite terrace. That is a distillery with great jenevers and snacks, located next to a small pond in the middle of the park. And the Oosterpark is more busy and littered with people BBQ'en, playing soccer and just hanging around on sunny days. The Oosterpark is surrounded by great cafes such as the Biertuin, Brouwerij T IJ, Spargo and many more.  In the neighbourhood you will also find the Dappermarkt, with foods and cloting, and lots and lots of stores. The Indische Buurt is known for its variety in foods (Turkish, Maroccan, Surinam, Indian, Indonesian, Dutch, and lots more!), that are tasty and cheap! The shops really express the lively multicultural vibe of the place.  Besides the many shops, you will find great restaurants and cafés located near the Javaplein. For example the Coffee Compagny and Qahwa d`Or for great coffee; Wilde Zwijnen, Pompstation, Vi","From my house it's easy to get into the city centre. In just one minute there are busses and trams that will take you everywhere in less than 10-15 minutes (Leidse Plein, Museum Plein, Waterlooplein). Five minutes from the house is the Muiderpoort station and by train you can easily go to Central Station (10 minutes) and Schiphol (30 minutes). But to really experience Amsterdam rent a bike. The public transportation is good, but during the night it almost comes to a halt. As taxi's are expensive and bikes are the number one form of transportation in the city: do as Amsterdammers do!","- Feel at home and enjoy the city! - Don't make a mess, steal or break anything. And of course, an accident can happen, but be honest and we will work something out.  - You may use my towels and sheets, just put them in the laundry basket when leave.  - Lock the doors and windows when you leave the apartment - Be friendly to the neighbors, I really like them ;) - Please don't smoke in the house. I have two lovely balconies, which are great to have a smoke!   - Please ask about possibilities with check-in and check-out times. I try to be as flexible as possible but as a rule of thumb: check-out times are at 10.00 in the morning; check-in times at 14.00 pm."
