"Some highlights Nice and clean With wooden floor Spacious, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher Balcony Fresh bed linen and towels Quiet street in upcoming neighbourhood Nice cafés for locals 10min to city center 20min to Schiphol by pub transport","The apartment As I travel quite a lot I rent out my house once in a while.  So you won't find an AirBnB-only-appartment but you take over my space when I am not there.  My bedroom won't be rented but the rest is all yours.  The house lies on the 2nd floor and consists of a kitchen and balcony, a hall, a living room with a little bedroom attached to it. The whole house has a wooden floor and 2,65m high rooms. I offer you a big, fully equipped kitchen. Everything I use for daily life will be there for your use as well. Next to the kitchen the balcony invites you for having breakfast outside. The bedroom is a small and cosy room next to the livingroom, separated by a doorframe and if you like a stylish curtain. You can sleep in the 1,40 x 2,00m big bed or - if you prefer – also on the very comfortable 2,00 x 0,80m big sofa. The apartment is suitable for 1 or 2 people. In the living room you can borrow one of my books or magazines or watch TV. Although the TV is not the newest version I st","Some highlights Nice and clean With wooden floor Spacious, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher Balcony Fresh bed linen and towels Quiet street in upcoming neighbourhood Nice cafés for locals 10min to city center 20min to Schiphol by pub transport The apartment As I travel quite a lot I rent out my house once in a while.  So you won't find an AirBnB-only-appartment but you take over my space when I am not there.  My bedroom won't be rented but the rest is all yours.  The house lies on the 2nd floor and consists of a kitchen and balcony, a hall, a living room with a little bedroom attached to it. The whole house has a wooden floor and 2,65m high rooms. I offer you a big, fully equipped kitchen. Everything I use for daily life will be there for your use as well. Next to the kitchen the balcony invites you for having breakfast outside. The bedroom is a small and cosy room next to the livingroom, separated by a doorframe and if you like a stylish curtain. You can sleep in the 1,40 x 2,00",The apartment is situated in a quiet street in the upcoming neighbourhood De Baarsjes. There are several supermarkets and greengorcers' nearby where you can get the ingredients to cook your meal. But there are many nice cafés and restaurants in walking distance as well. I can give you some insider tips when you arrive! I can also recommend the yoga studio around the corner and going for a walk or having a barbecue in the Rembrandtpark is an alternative after having visited the busy city center. By the way... your are in the city center or in the Vondelpark within 10min by bike. There is a bike rental with very fair deals in 2 minutes walking distance which is open 7 days a week. If you prefer to use public transport the next bus and tram stop is also located in 2 minutes walking distance. You have a direct connection to the central station from there and Schiphol airport can be reached in 20 minutes by tram and train.,,The house is a non-smoking place. Smoking only on the balcony.
