Our room with private bathroom (including shower and tub) is situated in a quiet and picturesque area in Central Amsterdam. Around the corner you can sit on the square along a canal in a coffee shop. Within 5 minutes walking you reach the centre. Free Wifi (in july 2016 upgraded to 100bit/sec).,"This room with en suite private bathroom including shower and tub is situated on the first floor of a historic monument from the beginning of the 20th century, built in the Amsterdam school style. The house was recently (6 years ago) thoroughly renovated including a completely new private bathroom with natural stone, shower and bath tub. We also put a new floor 2 years ago and live on the 2nd and 3rd floor ourselves. The house is situated in the small ""Zeeheldenbuurt"", close to famous Prinseneiland and separated from the city centre only by the railway tracks. It is only 5 minutes walking to get there (Jordaan and grachten: canals, atmospheric shopping, cafe's) but around the house you barely will find any tourists - apart from the beautiful canals, bridges, houses in Amsterdam style and bistro's around the house! We provide you with everything: sheets, 4 towels, showergel, soap, a hairdryer, an umbrella and a welcome bottle of wine. And also with a handy city map, bike maps and some g","Our room with private bathroom (including shower and tub) is situated in a quiet and picturesque area in Central Amsterdam. Around the corner you can sit on the square along a canal in a coffee shop. Within 5 minutes walking you reach the centre. Free Wifi (in july 2016 upgraded to 100bit/sec). This room with en suite private bathroom including shower and tub is situated on the first floor of a historic monument from the beginning of the 20th century, built in the Amsterdam school style. The house was recently (6 years ago) thoroughly renovated including a completely new private bathroom with natural stone, shower and bath tub. We also put a new floor 2 years ago and live on the 2nd and 3rd floor ourselves. The house is situated in the small ""Zeeheldenbuurt"", close to famous Prinseneiland and separated from the city centre only by the railway tracks. It is only 5 minutes walking to get there (Jordaan and grachten: canals, atmospheric shopping, cafe's) but around the house you barely wi","Around the corner you can sit on the square in a very nice Café, there's a deli and a grocery opposite our house. The area is very scenic, but there are no tourists! Within 5 minutes walking you reach the centre.","The adres is Barentszstraat 319 in Westerpark. Getting there: Coming from Schiphol with the train is no problem, there is a train every 10 – 15 minutes direction Amsterdam Centraal. From in front of central station you take bus nr. 18, 21 or 22, they leave very frequently. Get of at 4th or 5th stop which is Haarlemmerplein and walk to the right (having left the bus), under the train bridge into Planciusstraat, At the very end (300m) you turn right into Barentszstraat, 3rd house on the right is ours. Another way to get to us is taking bus 48 (direction Sloterdijk) and step out at Barentszplein (4th or 5th stop I think) and then walk 3 min. left into Barentzstraat. No. 319 is almost at the end at the left side, next to No. 317 (Burgermeester). Or you just walk to us (ca. 20 min) via Haarlemmerdijk which is a very nice way to get started in A'dam and will not take longer than the bus all in all (depending on your luggage of course).  Getting around: Tram No. 3 starts around the corner and",No smoking.
