"A cosy apartment in a quiet neigborhood only 10 minutes walking from the central station. There are some restaurants, a big supermarket and some bakeries just around the corner. Most important feature of the apartment is probably the hammock... ","Enjoy Peaceful and booming Amsterdam Noord while you are on a 10 minutes walking distance to the centre of Amsterdam (Including a five minute boattrip) With a view on the cruiseships and the IJ is a fully equipped appartment of 55 square metres. The appartment consists of a bedroom, open kitchen, bathroom and a 35 square metres living room. Wifi and television is available. On arrival I'm happy to tell you everything Amsterdam has to offer!","A cosy apartment in a quiet neigborhood only 10 minutes walking from the central station. There are some restaurants, a big supermarket and some bakeries just around the corner. Most important feature of the apartment is probably the hammock...  Enjoy Peaceful and booming Amsterdam Noord while you are on a 10 minutes walking distance to the centre of Amsterdam (Including a five minute boattrip) With a view on the cruiseships and the IJ is a fully equipped appartment of 55 square metres. The appartment consists of a bedroom, open kitchen, bathroom and a 35 square metres living room. Wifi and television is available. On arrival I'm happy to tell you everything Amsterdam has to offer! You get your own pair of keys and the apartment is yours! I live in the apartment one floor lower and i like to help, think along or advise about the possibilities  Amsterdam has to offer so feel free to knock on my door.  I like the combination of a very peaceful and quiet neighborhood while the city is ver","I like the combination of a very peaceful and quiet neighborhood while the city is very nearby. I also enjoy the ferryrides to the center and back very much. Looking over the water, it's just a nice five-minute break in the day. And although the center has obviously more to offer then this neighborhood it's fascinating to see this part of the city change rapidly: it's getting more attractive every day. With the Eye filmmuseum, the Tolhuistuin and next year the A'dam Tower there are are some main atttractions just around the corner. At the same time with a 15-minute ride by bike in the other direction you are in the nature and you can jump in the Markermeer and swim outdoors...if the weather is nice which can be a problem now and then :-) ",It's hard to miss the apartment. From the central station the ferry 'IJ-plein' brings you directly in the street of the apartment. Another five minutes walking and you will find the hammock waiting for you.,It's a non-smoking apartment. Smoking outside of the window is ok. The view is nice. Just being respectful for the apartment and the neighbours (I am one of them :-))
