"If you are looking for an oasis in the heart of the city with a lovely garden in a quiet area of Amsterdam at walking distance from Central Station, then this is the place for you! And guess what? You can park for free!","Wake up to the sound of birds and the occasional cruise ship's horn in the distance and enjoy the evening peace and quiet after a day or evening of exploring amazing Amsterdam.  This ground floor property offers a lounge, a fully equipped kitchen, a recently refurbished bathroom, a bedroom and a garden. The lounge has 2 chairs and a very comfortable sofa, a dinner table with 4 chairs and a TV. The bedroom (with view of the garden) has a double bed and a dressing table. There is also a baby cod available for young children. The bathroom contains a shower, sink and toilet. There is wifi and heating in every room. Parking is free! Parking fees in Amsterdam are generally very high, but in this area you can park for free.","If you are looking for an oasis in the heart of the city with a lovely garden in a quiet area of Amsterdam at walking distance from Central Station, then this is the place for you! And guess what? You can park for free! Wake up to the sound of birds and the occasional cruise ship's horn in the distance and enjoy the evening peace and quiet after a day or evening of exploring amazing Amsterdam.  This ground floor property offers a lounge, a fully equipped kitchen, a recently refurbished bathroom, a bedroom and a garden. The lounge has 2 chairs and a very comfortable sofa, a dinner table with 4 chairs and a TV. The bedroom (with view of the garden) has a double bed and a dressing table. There is also a baby cod available for young children. The bathroom contains a shower, sink and toilet. There is wifi and heating in every room. Parking is free! Parking fees in Amsterdam are generally very high, but in this area you can park for free. You have full access to the apartment and the garden.","Things to do closeby 'This side of the water' was recently ranked no. 7 of the 20 most hipster neighbourhoods in the world. Here is your chance to find out why! At walking distance you will find some very nice restaurants along the waterside.  After crossing a small 19th century lock you will pass the Tolhuis Park. During the summer this is a great place for intimate live music performances. Walk a little further and along he river IJ the architecturally striking EYE Film Institute catches your eye with four cinemas, a restaurant and a bar and amazing sunset views. In 2016, the A'DAM tower opened nextto EYE and accommodates a cool bar, a high end, revolving restaurant overlooking the city and ... the highest swing in Europe on the rooftop deck with the appropriate name 'Over the Edge'. The NDSM shipyard is a former shipyard located on the banks of the River IJ. It has become a booming industrial and cultural creative hotspot in recent years. The shipyard hosts festivals, performances, ",By train: from Amsterdam Central Station take the free ferry which leaves from the back (Northern) exit) of the station and after an 8 minutes' walk you'll arrive at the apartment. By plane: take a train to Amsterdam Central Station (20 min) and then follow the directions above. By car: set your GPS for Leeuwerikstraat. Upon arrival you can park your car (for free!) in the street.,Upon arrival you will be given the key to your home away from home and your 'Welcome to Amsterdam' package with extensive information on off the beaten track places and any practical information that you may need during your stay. The apartment is non-smoking but you are very welcome to enjoy the garden and light up there! I will take a copy of your passport and then it is time for you to fully enjoy your stay!
