,"Authentic two floor apartment (built in 1874) in a child friendly neighbourhood in the Centre of Amsterdam (accross the street from Artis, Amsterdam's famous Zoo). Our apartment has three bedrooms and has orginal details (150m2). It is located in the ""Plantage area"" of Amsterdam and is close to several major attractions, such as the Zoo, the Resistance Museum, the Portuguese Synagoge, the Jewish Historical Museum, the Hortus Botanicus Amsterdam (one of the oldest gardens in the world), the Tropen Museum and close to several parks. Our apartment is suberbly located near the shopping area of the Rembrandstplein and the Dam, while at the same time the area where we live is a bit laid back and not overflown with tourists. Our apartment has a living room and a well equiped and very up to date kitchen ensuite, a luxurious bathroom, a separate master bedroom in the back of the apartment and two bedrooms upstairs. We have a desktop computer with high speed ADSL access and an extensive library ","Authentic two floor apartment (built in 1874) in a child friendly neighbourhood in the Centre of Amsterdam (accross the street from Artis, Amsterdam's famous Zoo). Our apartment has three bedrooms and has orginal details (150m2). It is located in the ""Plantage area"" of Amsterdam and is close to several major attractions, such as the Zoo, the Resistance Museum, the Portuguese Synagoge, the Jewish Historical Museum, the Hortus Botanicus Amsterdam (one of the oldest gardens in the world), the Tropen Museum and close to several parks. Our apartment is suberbly located near the shopping area of the Rembrandstplein and the Dam, while at the same time the area where we live is a bit laid back and not overflown with tourists. Our apartment has a living room and a well equiped and very up to date kitchen ensuite, a luxurious bathroom, a separate master bedroom in the back of the apartment and two bedrooms upstairs. We have a desktop computer with high speed ADSL access and an extensive library ",,,
