"My lovely and cosy, tastefully decorated studioapartment is on the groundfloor of an old house, on a beautiful and quiet canal in the centre of Amsterdam, 10 minutes from Dam square. It comfortably fits two. In front there is a small terrace.","The appartement is comfortablel and romantic; it is on the groundfloor,and has sits own entrance, a few steps down from streetlevel.  Next to the entrance is a small terrace where you can enjoy your morning coffee, there is sun until about noon.The apartment is very suitable for a couple.  There is a sleeping couch of 140 cm wide, wich is comfortable for one but is possible for two, so the studio can take a maximum of 4 people. Also a baby bed is available.  Only the ceiling is not so high: if you're taller than 1.95 cm it might not be suited for you.","My lovely and cosy, tastefully decorated studioapartment is on the groundfloor of an old house, on a beautiful and quiet canal in the centre of Amsterdam, 10 minutes from Dam square. It comfortably fits two. In front there is a small terrace. The appartement is comfortablel and romantic; it is on the groundfloor,and has sits own entrance, a few steps down from streetlevel.  Next to the entrance is a small terrace where you can enjoy your morning coffee, there is sun until about noon.The apartment is very suitable for a couple.  There is a sleeping couch of 140 cm wide, wich is comfortable for one but is possible for two, so the studio can take a maximum of 4 people. Also a baby bed is available.  Only the ceiling is not so high: if you're taller than 1.95 cm it might not be suited for you. The studio itself, which is totally seperated from the rest of the building, and the small terrace with table and two chairs outside. There is a small kitchen and large bathroom with shower  en bath.","It is a ten minutes walk to Central Station, where all the trams depart., also ten minutes from Dam Square, three minutes from  'Chinatown'. 'Eye', the wonderfull new filmmuseum and theatre is just on the waterfront at the back of  Central Station, where you can go with the ferry. The Opera House, The Rembrandt House, the museum The Hermitage, the Jewish Historical Museum, the flea market on Waterloo square are all in close vicinity. There are shops and restaurants all around. Also there is every Saturday a organic farmers market a few minutes away on the Nieuwmarkt.","Most trams, as well as the subway, depart from Central Station, which is very close. There is  also a subway station even closer, at about three minutes walk. You can also hire a bike, the most popular form of transport in Amsterdam. The city centre of Amsterdam, although it has a cosmopolitan feeling, is actually geografically quite small, more like a village. Schiphol is about twenty minutes by train from Central Station.",The studio is trictly no smoking. Of course there can be smoked outside on the terrace.
