,"Our humble home lies about 10 minutes out of the city center by bike and a nice 35 minute walk with shops and cafes all along the way. Down the road is a tram that can also take you directly there. The super market is located two small blocks away, or a 4 minute walk. Our happy home has a small and very sunny bedroom upstairs with a queen size bed, which leads to a wonderful double deck roof terrace full of bright well kept flowers and plants in the summer time.  (unfortunately it all dies in the winter and its too cold to go out there anymore.) Downstairs is a small bathroom with shower that never runs out of hot water, a fully functional kitchen as well as a den and a dining area that seats eight. The den area is in a sort of L shaped nook so it can be used as an area for another person to sleep. They could chose to sleep on our L shaped couch or on the thick flokati rug just below which is lined underneath with a thick piece of foam rubber for added comfort! Super cozy if i do say s","Our humble home lies about 10 minutes out of the city center by bike and a nice 35 minute walk with shops and cafes all along the way. Down the road is a tram that can also take you directly there. The super market is located two small blocks away, or a 4 minute walk. Our happy home has a small and very sunny bedroom upstairs with a queen size bed, which leads to a wonderful double deck roof terrace full of bright well kept flowers and plants in the summer time.  (unfortunately it all dies in the winter and its too cold to go out there anymore.) Downstairs is a small bathroom with shower that never runs out of hot water, a fully functional kitchen as well as a den and a dining area that seats eight. The den area is in a sort of L shaped nook so it can be used as an area for another person to sleep. They could chose to sleep on our L shaped couch or on the thick flokati rug just below which is lined underneath with a thick piece of foam rubber for added comfort! Super cozy if i do say s",,,"Our neighbors are pretty easy going and we ourselves like music...but please consider them in the late hours and keep it down when it gets too late.  also, we prefer that smoking is done on the balcony or terrace. no candles unattended! no strangers in the house, besides yourselves! :-) turn off heating and lights when you leave. leave the bed as is when you leave and we will change it upon arrival."
