"Have Amsterdam right at your feet and watch the boats go by right in front your windows! This is one of the best apartment complexes in Amsterdam. Amazing views, light and airy apartment of 130m2.","This apartment is brand new and spacious (130 m2).  Ideal also for families with kids! A great house in a nice neighbourhood in one of the most hip areas of Amsterdam.  On the first floor we have a lovely livingroom overlooking the canal & a large kitchen area with a big dining table to accommodate all guests. The kitchen has a view on our big sunny terrace.  Walk up the stairs to the 2nd floor: •2 bedrooms (2 beds-160cm) •1 bedroom  (kid's room/ 1 bed)  •big and spacious bathroom  •2 toilets. The apartment can easily accommodate 4 adults + a kid.  We invite you to make yourself right at home and make use of all the comforts in the house:  •Free Cable TV & dvd •Bose sound-dock •Free Wireless high-speed Internet •Kitchen appliances (dish washer, oven & microwave, etc.)  •Fresh towels & bed linen •Bathroom amenities (shampoos, bath/shower gel, etc.) •Framing views of a real Amsterdam canal •Big private terrace where you can sit and relax.","Have Amsterdam right at your feet and watch the boats go by right in front your windows! This is one of the best apartment complexes in Amsterdam. Amazing views, light and airy apartment of 130m2. This apartment is brand new and spacious (130 m2).  Ideal also for families with kids! A great house in a nice neighbourhood in one of the most hip areas of Amsterdam.  On the first floor we have a lovely livingroom overlooking the canal & a large kitchen area with a big dining table to accommodate all guests. The kitchen has a view on our big sunny terrace.  Walk up the stairs to the 2nd floor: •2 bedrooms (2 beds-160cm) •1 bedroom  (kid's room/ 1 bed)  •big and spacious bathroom  •2 toilets. The apartment can easily accommodate 4 adults + a kid.  We invite you to make yourself right at home and make use of all the comforts in the house:  •Free Cable TV & dvd •Bose sound-dock •Free Wireless high-speed Internet •Kitchen appliances (dish washer, oven & microwave, etc.)  •Fresh towels & bed lin","Oud West is one of the best neighbourhoods, family friendly and very hip. Buzzing with trendy cafe's, restaurants and art galleries. At the same time, the apartment has a lot of privacy and is noise free.",The famous Jordaan/9 streets or Vondelpark are a 15min and 10 min walk away respectively. Or hire a bike ! Just around the corner there are 2 tram lines which will take you everywhere you want to be in one go.  Sunday is free parking day for the public parking space in front of the apartment.,"Smoking is not allowed inside the house. No loud music or parties in the apartment. Thank you!  For liability reasons, guests may not bring visitors to our home at any time, for any length of time. Only those individuals who are registered guests may enter the premises. Thank you."
