"My place is on the outskirt of Amsterdam in a very quiet area. So you can also enjoy the country life You can be in the center in 25 min by metro. There is a bus, only at weekdays. With a bike it is 15 minutes to the metro, by car it is 5 minutes. THE BEST IS COMMING WITH A CAR, FREE PARKING HERE.","Hello my name is Truus and I provide you a shelter in Driemond, a rural area of AMSTERDAM.  10 miles from the center of Amsterdam and 2 miles from Weesp. Close at my place is one nice bar you can visit only 4 minutes walk. PARKING FREE: Parking your car here is still old-fashioned free. THE ROOM: The room is small but cosy and has a small size 2 persons bed. BATHROOM: The bathroom has been renovated and we share this. BIKES: I have one lady bike, you can use for € 5,00  a day. BREAKFAST: I do not serve, you have coffee and tea at your room, and some small bites.   Driemond is a small village and very quiet there is no restaurant, but plenty of walking and cycling possibilities. There is one supermarket where you can also withdraw cash, as well as tasty sandwiches for the road on the counter. There is also a snack bar. TO DO: In the immediate vicinity of Driemond: AMSTERDAM: Amsterdam is easy accessible by train/tram or metro.  If you like a bike ride to the tram this is about 5 miles a","Hello my name is Truus and I provide you a shelter in Driemond, a rural area of AMSTERDAM.  10 miles from the center of Amsterdam and 2 miles from Weesp. Close at my place is one nice bar you can visit only 4 minutes walk. PARKING FREE: Parking your car here is still old-fashioned free. THE ROOM: The room is small but cosy and has a small size 2 persons bed. BATHROOM: The bathroom has been renovated and we share this. BIKES: I have one lady bike, you can use for € 5,00  a day. BREAKFAST: I do not serve, you have coffee and tea at your room, and some small bites.   Driemond is a small village and very quiet there is no restaurant, but plenty of walking and cycling possibilities. There is one supermarket where you can also withdraw cash, as well as tasty sandwiches for the road on the counter. There is also a snack bar. TO DO: In the immediate vicinity of Driemond: AMSTERDAM: Amsterdam is easy accessible by train/tram or metro.  If you like a bike ride to the tram this is about 5 miles a",In the room is a lot of information about what to do and were to go. In Weesp are some nice restaurants and many bars.,"Parking is free.  From my house to the bus stop is about 7 minutes walk. The bus brings you in 5 minutes to the metro, but the bus is not running in the weekend. The metro is about 25 minutes to the center of Amsterdam. You can bring the bike with you into the metro, but you have to pay for it. You can also take the bus to Weesp, about 5 minutes, and here you can take the train to Amsterdam in 20 minutes.","If you come by car, please do not park in front of the house, there is a lot of free parking close by. Of course on the day of arrival you park the car for the house to get your luggage out, no problem. I respect you and I expect the same.   Smokers are welcome, not people who want to smoke a joint in the house, you can smoke your joint outside. You must now that there is no bus running in the weekend, sorry to let you now this, but you can rent my bike for €5,00 a day to go to the metro at the Gaasperplas or go to Weesp to take the train to Amsterdam. In the period June/July and August there is work on the road so you only can come to my place thru Weesp by car. Or to come by train and I can pick you up from there. (Weesp).  My place is NOT IN THE CENTER OF AMSTERDAM. But that does not mean you can not go to Amsterdam."
