,"With 5 windows a panoramic view over three canals (including the Bloemgracht) and patio doors to the balcony with also the panoramic view over the 3 canals, this apartment has a unique and typical Amsterdam city centre experience. The interior style is a combination of modern and cosy.  The apartment has free wireless internet, cable TV, dishwasher, microwave, fridge, freezer, washing machine, dryer and closet space. It is located in the Jordaan in the historical center of Amsterdam, only a few steps away from the Anne Frank House, the Noordermarkt, the '9 streets', a large number of art galleries and the many restaurants and cafes that Jordan is known for. There is a bicycle rental around the corner and there are several supermarkets in the immediate vicinity. There are several trams and buses leaving every 5 minutes from the central station to this location. The Leidseplein, Museumplein, Vondelpark, Damsquare and the shopping centre are easy to reach by public transport or bicycle wi","With 5 windows a panoramic view over three canals (including the Bloemgracht) and patio doors to the balcony with also the panoramic view over the 3 canals, this apartment has a unique and typical Amsterdam city centre experience. The interior style is a combination of modern and cosy.  The apartment has free wireless internet, cable TV, dishwasher, microwave, fridge, freezer, washing machine, dryer and closet space. It is located in the Jordaan in the historical center of Amsterdam, only a few steps away from the Anne Frank House, the Noordermarkt, the '9 streets', a large number of art galleries and the many restaurants and cafes that Jordan is known for. There is a bicycle rental around the corner and there are several supermarkets in the immediate vicinity. There are several trams and buses leaving every 5 minutes from the central station to this location. The Leidseplein, Museumplein, Vondelpark, Damsquare and the shopping centre are easy to reach by public transport or bicycle wi",,,"This is a non-smoking apartment, when you want to smoke you can go to the balcony. And please respect our neighbours night's rest! :)"
