,"A wonderful large house, peaceful and green environment in the middel of the town. Is that possibel? Yes, it is! This charming house is situated in a child friendly neighbourhood, near a green dyke that leads to the large Amstel river. There is enough parkingplace and fot the children a playground and a football pitch. The house has the big bedrooms and a living and kitchen downstairs and a garden in front and in the back of the house. When we make a 5 minutes walk you arrive in the middle of the town, at the Amstel station. The boulevard along the Amstel, the Weesperzijde is full of small lovely restaurants near the water. When it's beautiful weather you can enjoy the sunset and the skyline of the citycentre of Amsterdam, with the canals and the 17the centoury's houses. ","A wonderful large house, peaceful and green environment in the middel of the town. Is that possibel? Yes, it is! This charming house is situated in a child friendly neighbourhood, near a green dyke that leads to the large Amstel river. There is enough parkingplace and fot the children a playground and a football pitch. The house has the big bedrooms and a living and kitchen downstairs and a garden in front and in the back of the house. When we make a 5 minutes walk you arrive in the middle of the town, at the Amstel station. The boulevard along the Amstel, the Weesperzijde is full of small lovely restaurants near the water. When it's beautiful weather you can enjoy the sunset and the skyline of the citycentre of Amsterdam, with the canals and the 17the centoury's houses. ",,,"Het is een woonbuurt dus ik verwacht van gasten dat ze niet te luidruchtig zijn en geen overlast veroorzaken. Ook wil ik dat de gasten het huis in goede staat achter laten, niet in persoonlijke spullen of kasten neuzen e.d. en geen spullen kapotmaken. This is a quite neighbourhood, so I expect everybody to be peaceful and calm. I want the guests to let the house clean behind and I don't want any curious looks in my papers and the wardrobes/ cupboards."
