"This apartment is near parks, grocery markets and easy to get on the Ring A10. It is nicely situated in east and a bit further from the centre. My Girlfriend's business is to promote all cool stuff happening in east. Check out MetMik dot nl! ","The Entree is shared with 5 other appartments. The apartment is on the second floor. This is the top level of the building, so you have never noise from neighbours. The apartment has a hall, sleeping room (Bed 140cm), dressingroom, bathroom, seperate toilet and a linving with en-suite doors and an open kitchen. The bathroom has a full size Bath.","This apartment is near parks, grocery markets and easy to get on the Ring A10. It is nicely situated in east and a bit further from the centre. My Girlfriend's business is to promote all cool stuff happening in east. Check out MetMik dot nl! The Entree is shared with 5 other appartments. The apartment is on the second floor. This is the top level of the building, so you have never noise from neighbours. The apartment has a hall, sleeping room (Bed 140cm), dressingroom, bathroom, seperate toilet and a linving with en-suite doors and an open kitchen. The bathroom has a full size Bath. All the spaces are available for the guests I can show you around and help you find your way. When it fits both our schedule, I like to meet up and have a talk and drink a beer or a glass of wine. check out (website hidden) for all the cool stuff in east. The apartment is in a quite neighboorhood. Very child friendly with a playground and grass in the square in front of the house There is a trainstation at ",check out (website hidden) for all the cool stuff in east. The apartment is in a quite neighboorhood. Very child friendly with a playground and grass in the square in front of the house,There is a trainstation at 3 minutes from the apartment (Sciencepark station). This will bring you to central station in 10 minutes. The Amstel station is on a 10 minute bike ride. Tram 9 stops on ,"For neighbors below do not wear heels or other noise making shoes.  When something breaks, send a message and I come by to fix it."
