"My apartment is located just outside the center of Amsterdam, near the Rembrandt park. You will be staying in a nice, peaceful decorated room on the 11th floor, facing the east. From your room you will have a nice view of the park and Amsterdam. ","You will have a lot of privacy since you don’t have to cross my share of the apartment.  The bedroom is fully decorated with a double bed (1.40 by 2.00 meters), a couch, small table, TV, an alarm clock, etc. Also you will find some useful information like city maps, AirBNB guides, a Rough guide and a Lonely Planet guide. Sheets, towels and a hairdryer are provided.  The second (breakfast) room features a table with two chairs, a refrigerator, two closets, coffee and tea facilities, standard tableware and a radio with usb-drive. You can use the oven and microwave, which are located just outside the kitchen in the hallway. I will also provide umbrellas, because, let’s face it.. you are in Holland!  We only share the toilet and the bathroom, which features a shower, sink and a washing machine. Simple but clean!","My apartment is located just outside the center of Amsterdam, near the Rembrandt park. You will be staying in a nice, peaceful decorated room on the 11th floor, facing the east. From your room you will have a nice view of the park and Amsterdam.  You will have a lot of privacy since you don’t have to cross my share of the apartment.  The bedroom is fully decorated with a double bed (1.40 by 2.00 meters), a couch, small table, TV, an alarm clock, etc. Also you will find some useful information like city maps, AirBNB guides, a Rough guide and a Lonely Planet guide. Sheets, towels and a hairdryer are provided.  The second (breakfast) room features a table with two chairs, a refrigerator, two closets, coffee and tea facilities, standard tableware and a radio with usb-drive. You can use the oven and microwave, which are located just outside the kitchen in the hallway. I will also provide umbrellas, because, let’s face it.. you are in Holland!  We only share the toilet and the bathroom, whic","The location of the apartment offers a nice retreat from the crowds and busy streets of the city centre, but at the same time you can visit the vibrant city centre whenever you want. ","The distance to and from the center is about 15 to 25 minutes by bike or public transport (walking would take you about 45 minutes). The supermarket and closest shops are 5 minutes away, including a bike rental shop where you can rent a bike for € 10,- a day. And two restaurants within 500 meters It will take you 7 minutes to get to Schiphol airport by train from Station Lelylaan, which is close to my apartment (you can walk or take a bus).","- Smoking is not allowed inside the room.  - You can enter the apartment late in the evening or even at night if you want to, this is okay with me. I would however like to ask you to take your shoes off when entering the apartment after 10pm.  - Leaving your shoes off at all times is preferable but not obliged.  - All male guests are asked to use the shared toilet sitting down. - I am tolerant towards every religion and life style. - Asking questions is not a problem.  - Please let me know if you have special needs or requests for your stay.     - Save the environment as much as possible"
