,"Do you want the excitement of  Amsterdam, but dont want to stay in the noisy and bussy part? My apartement is only 10 minutes away from all the excitement and  lies in the green heart of Amsterdam. You even have your own private green garden with sofa and table where you can relaxe after long days discovering Amsterdam. My house is located in a green, quiet and safe neighbourhood AND 15 minutes away from city centre by bike and only 10 minutes by tram 5 and 51 wich you can take in front of my house!! It will take you to all the known places you would likt to go to like Museumplein, Dam, Leidseplein, Rembrandplein, Flowermarket, Jordaan etc.. Also the famous district called De Pijp with its many bars and restaurants and the well known Albert Cuyp market is easily reachable with tram 16 and 24 wich you can also take in front of my house! Many restaurants in my neighboorhood on 5 a minute walk  for when  you dont feel like going into the city for dinner. Its on the Zuidas, small business ","Do you want the excitement of  Amsterdam, but dont want to stay in the noisy and bussy part? My apartement is only 10 minutes away from all the excitement and  lies in the green heart of Amsterdam. You even have your own private green garden with sofa and table where you can relaxe after long days discovering Amsterdam. My house is located in a green, quiet and safe neighbourhood AND 15 minutes away from city centre by bike and only 10 minutes by tram 5 and 51 wich you can take in front of my house!! It will take you to all the known places you would likt to go to like Museumplein, Dam, Leidseplein, Rembrandplein, Flowermarket, Jordaan etc.. Also the famous district called De Pijp with its many bars and restaurants and the well known Albert Cuyp market is easily reachable with tram 16 and 24 wich you can also take in front of my house! Many restaurants in my neighboorhood on 5 a minute walk  for when  you dont feel like going into the city for dinner. Its on the Zuidas, small business ",,,no drugs and party. please treat my house with respect.
