HIGHLIGHTS: ★ ELEVATOR in the building! ★ Village-feel neighbourhood ★ Spacious place (75M2) ★ Two balconies with stunning views ★ Middle of the CITY CENTRE ★ Next to AMSTEL River ★ Easy access to public transport ★ Free Internet + WIFI,"Recently completely renovated.  New floors, walls, bathroom and toilet. Stylishly furnished and spacious modern apartment in the heart of Amsterdam, close to Rembrandt Square, Prinsengracht and the Magere Brug (famous skinny bridge). The apartment itself is quiet, yet in the midst of Unesco listed historic Amsterdam. The apartment is part of the “Frederikshof complex”, which includes eight units and has a spacial central entrance hall with a lift. The apartment is light with french balcony windows opening at the front, with light flooding in. The balcony on the back enjoys the afternoon and evening sun. The furniture is carefully chosen by the owner and is mainly imported from Hong Kong. This apartment is an absolute recommendation to love your stay in the centre of Amsterdam.  I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place.","HIGHLIGHTS: ★ ELEVATOR in the building! ★ Village-feel neighbourhood ★ Spacious place (75M2) ★ Two balconies with stunning views ★ Middle of the CITY CENTRE ★ Next to AMSTEL River ★ Easy access to public transport ★ Free Internet + WIFI Recently completely renovated.  New floors, walls, bathroom and toilet. Stylishly furnished and spacious modern apartment in the heart of Amsterdam, close to Rembrandt Square, Prinsengracht and the Magere Brug (famous skinny bridge). The apartment itself is quiet, yet in the midst of Unesco listed historic Amsterdam. The apartment is part of the “Frederikshof complex”, which includes eight units and has a spacial central entrance hall with a lift. The apartment is light with french balcony windows opening at the front, with light flooding in. The balcony on the back enjoys the afternoon and evening sun. The furniture is carefully chosen by the owner and is mainly imported from Hong Kong. This apartment is an absolute recommendation to love your stay in ","The Amsterdam Canal District is a neighbourhood in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The seventeenth-century canals of Amsterdam, located in the center of Amsterdam, were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in August 2010. The Amsterdam Canal District consists of the area around the city’s four main canals: Singel, Herengracht, Keizersgracht, and Prinsengracht. From Brouwersgracht, the canals are generally parallel with one another, in a semi-horseshoe shape, leading gradually southeast into the Amstel river.","Central Bliss Apartment benefits from close proximity to public transport, with access to a metro station and several tram lines. Nearby tram line 4 connects directly to the international Exhibition Centre RAI.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
