From this penthouse room with terrace guests have a breathtaking view of the city. When you wake up Amsterdam is happening all around you. We guarantee you maximum sleeping comfort with our quality Tempur mattresses. Interested? Book instantly! ,"Our rooms, stylishly furnished and well lit, are fully equipped for a comfortable stay in the Dutch capital. We offer you high quality Tempur mattresses and an exceptional panoramic view of the city. Not fully satisfied after the first night with the beds or the view? We will return return your money, no questions asked. The common area consists of a fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher included, a bathroom with shower and bath and, off course, a toilet. We also offer you the possibility (if available) to use our BnB’s bikes. Amsterdam can certainly be experienced to the fullest when cycling! We only ask for a small insurance fee in return. ","From this penthouse room with terrace guests have a breathtaking view of the city. When you wake up Amsterdam is happening all around you. We guarantee you maximum sleeping comfort with our quality Tempur mattresses. Interested? Book instantly! Our rooms, stylishly furnished and well lit, are fully equipped for a comfortable stay in the Dutch capital. We offer you high quality Tempur mattresses and an exceptional panoramic view of the city. Not fully satisfied after the first night with the beds or the view? We will return return your money, no questions asked. The common area consists of a fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher included, a bathroom with shower and bath and, off course, a toilet. We also offer you the possibility (if available) to use our BnB’s bikes. Amsterdam can certainly be experienced to the fullest when cycling! We only ask for a small insurance fee in return. Room: -Excellent quality beds (also separate beds on request). -Dutch Iphone with 3G to use as WIFI as if yo","-Within 400 m, less than 5 minutes walk, you’ll find the supermarket, other stores and restaurants. -Within 800 m, approximately 8 minutes walk, you’ll be in the idyllic Jordaan area (part of the centre area) and the Erasmus Park. -Within 1,5 km, a nice 20 minute stroll, you enter the centre area with the Anne Frank house, Wester Tower church and the organic Westermarket. -Walk 10 minutes more and you’ll be in the absolute centre of Amsterdam with the Dam, Rembrandtplein and the entertainment area around the Leidseplein. -With our bikes you can reach everything 3 or 4 times faster!",-Busses to central station stop in front of the entrance to the building. -Trams are reachable within 5 minutes. -Bikes are up for grabs! -Car parking can be arranged for an additional €10 a day. (Though the centre area is not easily accessible by car),Feel as if you were at home!
