"This apartment is in the middle of De Pijp, the best neighborhood in Amsterdam. Restaurants, museums, and the center are all within walking distance! Bike a few minutes to visit the Heineken Experience, Albert Cuypmarkt or the Van Gogh + Rijksmuseum. You'll love my place because it is newly renovated and has a cool, comfortable vibe.  Enjoy designer details, new beds, and your own private shower.  You'll feel at home. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers.","My apartment is located in a safe neighborhood in Zuid, right between the old center and the way to get out of town towards Ouderkerk on a bike ride.  You can see the Amstel river and the rowers from the front windows, and a garden from the back windows.  Enjoy a full-size kitchen and fridge, living room, dining room, bedroom, and bathroom with a great shower. The center is about 10 minutes on the bike from the apartment, and it is easy to get out of the city as well for nice rides into the country.","This apartment is in the middle of De Pijp, the best neighborhood in Amsterdam. Restaurants, museums, and the center are all within walking distance! Bike a few minutes to visit the Heineken Experience, Albert Cuypmarkt or the Van Gogh + Rijksmuseum. You'll love my place because it is newly renovated and has a cool, comfortable vibe.  Enjoy designer details, new beds, and your own private shower.  You'll feel at home. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers. My apartment is located in a safe neighborhood in Zuid, right between the old center and the way to get out of town towards Ouderkerk on a bike ride.  You can see the Amstel river and the rowers from the front windows, and a garden from the back windows.  Enjoy a full-size kitchen and fridge, living room, dining room, bedroom, and bathroom with a great shower. The center is about 10 minutes on the bike from the apartment, and it is easy to get out of the city as well for nice rides into the country. I",,Public transport is nearby - Tram 4 goes to the center or south to the RAI conference center (and on to the airport).  I recommend taking the bike because it's faster and more fun :),- No smoking - We take our shoes off to keep the house clean - We appreciate respectful guests
