"Welcome!  You will be staying in a superb and very comfortable penthouse. It is 85 sq meter, has a 40 sq meter terrace (facing south)  and a fireplace inside. The apartment can host 2 people or a family with one child (3 people). There's 1 bedroom and a very comfortable sleep couch/bed.","You will be staying in a superb and very comfortable penthouse with a large 100% private south facing roof terrace (40 sq meter) with an outside shower. The apartment has a fireplace inside and is located in right in the Center of Amsterdam. It is available for 2 people or a family with one child (3 people). The apartment is overlooking the famous Waterlooplein flee market, the opera building and town hall.  Through the large sliding doors from the living room or the bedroom you step directly onto the  roof terrace facing south.  Private sunbathing is possible. Gas-burning fireplace in the living room. Fully furnished kitchen with  dishwasher, oven,  fridge and coffee machine. Washer and dryer available.   Comfortable king size bed and bathroom with double rain shower and bath. Wifi  throughout the penthouse. TV, apple TV and audio system. Public Transit: You will stay approximately 5 minutes’ walk from Rembrandtsquare and 10 minutes walk from Damsquare. The Metro and tram are around t","Welcome!  You will be staying in a superb and very comfortable penthouse. It is 85 sq meter, has a 40 sq meter terrace (facing south)  and a fireplace inside. The apartment can host 2 people or a family with one child (3 people). There's 1 bedroom and a very comfortable sleep couch/bed. You will be staying in a superb and very comfortable penthouse with a large 100% private south facing roof terrace (40 sq meter) with an outside shower. The apartment has a fireplace inside and is located in right in the Center of Amsterdam. It is available for 2 people or a family with one child (3 people). The apartment is overlooking the famous Waterlooplein flee market, the opera building and town hall.  Through the large sliding doors from the living room or the bedroom you step directly onto the  roof terrace facing south.  Private sunbathing is possible. Gas-burning fireplace in the living room. Fully furnished kitchen with  dishwasher, oven,  fridge and coffee machine. Washer and dryer available",,,
