"This private apartment is located near the 'City Center' (canals), Vondelpark & Museum Square. It has a huge beautiful terrace with lounge! Four trams stop right outside. Stay one or two weeks for special price!","The apartment is situated on the first floor and contains everything you need for a relaxing stay: - three doors open to the amazing terrace. - a very comfortable couch and excellent HD TV with Netflix to watch your favorite series and movies.  - a nice bathroom with shower/bath, towels & hairdryer. - a beautiful open kitchen with everything you need, including dishwasher.  - a diner table with 6 chairs.  - a washing machine, dryer, iron & iron board. ","This private apartment is located near the 'City Center' (canals), Vondelpark & Museum Square. It has a huge beautiful terrace with lounge! Four trams stop right outside. Stay one or two weeks for special price! The apartment is situated on the first floor and contains everything you need for a relaxing stay: - three doors open to the amazing terrace. - a very comfortable couch and excellent HD TV with Netflix to watch your favorite series and movies.  - a nice bathroom with shower/bath, towels & hairdryer. - a beautiful open kitchen with everything you need, including dishwasher.  - a diner table with 6 chairs.  - a washing machine, dryer, iron & iron board. You will have a private apartment with own entrance. Nothing to share, except for the outside stairs. We will meet when I hand over the key, but further you will have your own private space. Of course, I will be available for questions via e-mail, (Hidden by Airbnb) or phone.  The apartment is located in Oud-West, a lovely neighbo","The apartment is located in Oud-West, a lovely neighborhood with a lot of good places for coffee, a drink or nice food. Such as Kade West, Du Cap, Zouk & Café Helmers. You will find excellent restaurants nearby, such as Pastis and De Italiaan.  Special biers you can drink at Gollem’s. Area 'De Jordaan' is only a five minute walk away. The Kinkerstraat is a nice shopping street, with also a pleasant small market in a side street: 'Ten Kate Markt'. Five minutes away you will find shopping area 'The Nine Streets', with nice boutiques. Luxury shopping street PC Hooftstraat you will find only 2 tram stops away. Just outside the apartment you will find a fresh (email hidden) and excellent greengrocer & butchery . The supermarket 'Albert Heijn' is just one minute walk away. ","Public transport is excellent! check 9292ov. From Schiphol you can take bus 197, which stops at just 5 minutes walk of the apartment!  Or you can go by train & tram in just 20 minutes total. Four trams stop just outside the apartment: Tram 17 to Central Station Tram 7 to Leidse Square  Tram 12 to PC Hooftstraat, Museum Square, 'De Pijp', Trainstations Amsterdam Amstel & Amsterdam Sloterdijk  Tram 3 to PC Hooftstraat, Museum Square, Train station Amsterdam Muiderpoort  Although we have double glass windows, you can hear the trams in the bedroom.","We want our apartment to stay clean, therefore we do not accept: - smoking inside the apartment (use our terrace and place cigarettes in the ashtray) - pets, and - party's. You are allowed to stay on the terrace until 10.30 pm, but please respect our neighbors (no music or loud talking)."
