"Living the local life in a light, spacious, contemporary decorated apartment. Stonethrow away from too many nice places to list - cool restaurants, nice bars, museums. Welcome!","A modern and light appartment in a monumental building. With Dam square, Jordaan and Anne Frank House just around the corner this is the perfect place to explore Amsterdam. The appartment is situated on the third floor of charming building, above one of the nicest breakfast lunch spots in the city. It is very light, and because the Spuistraat is quite broad, there are spacious views.  Light and spacious living room with design furniture Large bedroom with comfortable bed and large cubboard Bathroom with a shower, sink and a toilet Long hallway Colourfull kitchen with TV Everywhere in the house is wireless High-speed internet-access All furniture and is new and made of top quality and designer brands Beautiful wooden flooring Towels & sheets available Excellent Nespresso coffee maker Smoking is not allowed. We do no smoke ourselves so would like to return home in a clean house.  Our apartment is right in the center of the center of Amsterdam, around the corner from the hippest and nices","Living the local life in a light, spacious, contemporary decorated apartment. Stonethrow away from too many nice places to list - cool restaurants, nice bars, museums. Welcome! A modern and light appartment in a monumental building. With Dam square, Jordaan and Anne Frank House just around the corner this is the perfect place to explore Amsterdam. The appartment is situated on the third floor of charming building, above one of the nicest breakfast lunch spots in the city. It is very light, and because the Spuistraat is quite broad, there are spacious views.  Light and spacious living room with design furniture Large bedroom with comfortable bed and large cubboard Bathroom with a shower, sink and a toilet Long hallway Colourfull kitchen with TV Everywhere in the house is wireless High-speed internet-access All furniture and is new and made of top quality and designer brands Beautiful wooden flooring Towels & sheets available Excellent Nespresso coffee maker Smoking is not allowed. We do",,,
