"• Great apartment on quiet square with children playground very close to city center (5 minutes) • Good location for public transport, 15 min. tram/bike from Central Station (tram 13) 10 min. Sloterdijk (tram 12) • Use a bike to see Amsterdam! (rent for 6e per day at rent-a-bike Derde Hugo de Grootstraat, 15 min walk) • Good bars and restaurants around the corner within 5 minutes walk • Museum Square, Anna Frank, Red Light, Vondelpark, Westerpark, Nightlife... all 5-15 min. cycling/tram.","Cozy old fashion Dutch/Amsterdam styled house 60m2 with modern facilities. (Apartment is on the third floor with easy accessible stairs) • Salon:  sofa with lower table, big screen TV with HIFI DVD etc (HDMI/USB connection); dining table  • Kitchen:  fridge/freezer; 4 pan gas cooker; combi-oven; dishwasher; tea, coffee and food basics • Bathroom:  toilet, shower, watertap • Balcony:  at the backside of the apartment with morning sun  • First bedroom (2 persons):  queen size double-bed (can be divided in 2 single beds), wardrobe-closet • Second bedroom (1 person):  single bed, wardrobe closet, chair, laundry machine (If only booked for 2 persons I keep it closed with personal stuff) PS • Towels and sheets available (when you leave throw used items on the floor) • Laundry machine (on request) • WiFi-code is written on the kitchen door","• Great apartment on quiet square with children playground very close to city center (5 minutes) • Good location for public transport, 15 min. tram/bike from Central Station (tram 13) 10 min. Sloterdijk (tram 12) • Use a bike to see Amsterdam! (rent for 6e per day at rent-a-bike Derde Hugo de Grootstraat, 15 min walk) • Good bars and restaurants around the corner within 5 minutes walk • Museum Square, Anna Frank, Red Light, Vondelpark, Westerpark, Nightlife... all 5-15 min. cycling/tram. Cozy old fashion Dutch/Amsterdam styled house 60m2 with modern facilities. (Apartment is on the third floor with easy accessible stairs) • Salon:  sofa with lower table, big screen TV with HIFI DVD etc (HDMI/USB connection); dining table  • Kitchen:  fridge/freezer; 4 pan gas cooker; combi-oven; dishwasher; tea, coffee and food basics • Bathroom:  toilet, shower, watertap • Balcony:  at the backside of the apartment with morning sun  • First bedroom (2 persons):  queen size double-bed (can be divided i","It's a great central area. Plenty of shops, bars and restaurants in the neighborhood by walking distance. A quiet safe location but in a lively area. Nice canals around the corner and parks by 5 minute walk.","• Good public transport. check on internet (9292) (about 30 minutes from airport) 5e pp • Taxi to airport is about 20/30e (15 minutes), I recommend Tinker or Uber • Sufficient parking place on the street, reasonable priced for Amsterdam; also longer term parking options, I will explain on request. • Best advice to rent bicycles to explore the city. (6e per day) But be aware it's public roads with traffic, not a disneyland!","Make yourself at home, but respect 2 rules: 1. Silence*: please keep quiet in respect to the neighbors. In particular on the stairs, with doors and on the balcony. 2. (Obviously) please leave my apartment behind in a good state. * AirBNB is a great network for hosts and travellers, but there is some resistance in society. Specially in popular cities like Amsterdam, where locals complain about too many tourists coming to party and causing (noise) nuisance in houses or streets. So to make AirBNB possible, it's important to respect the locals and keep the party, jump, scream and shout for the clubs or in the parks :-)"
