"Welcome to our lovely apartment with sunroom and garden. Right next to de river ""de Amstel"". Perfectly located on the border of the city centre and vivid neighbourhoods 'De Pijp' and 'Oost'. Subway and tram just around the corner. The apartment is suitable for a couple or a family.","Our 75m² apartment is on the ground floor. We live here with our 4 year old twins. The house was fully renovated in 2010 and the looks are a mix of modern and old style. The two bedrooms and the bathroom are small and functional, wich leaves a lot room for living, dining and playing. De livingroom and kitchen are connected by a lovely sunroom that overviews the garden. The kitchen is selfmade and oldfashioned in style with an authentic old gas stove with oven that works perfecly.  Our house is suitable for a couple or a family. One bedroom has a doublebed (140x200). The second bedroom has a bunkbed for children (70x160 cm). The cauch in the livingroom can also easily be turned into a very comfortable doublebed (160x200). Curtains can devide this part of the livingroom from the sunroom.","Welcome to our lovely apartment with sunroom and garden. Right next to de river ""de Amstel"". Perfectly located on the border of the city centre and vivid neighbourhoods 'De Pijp' and 'Oost'. Subway and tram just around the corner. The apartment is suitable for a couple or a family. Our 75m² apartment is on the ground floor. We live here with our 4 year old twins. The house was fully renovated in 2010 and the looks are a mix of modern and old style. The two bedrooms and the bathroom are small and functional, wich leaves a lot room for living, dining and playing. De livingroom and kitchen are connected by a lovely sunroom that overviews the garden. The kitchen is selfmade and oldfashioned in style with an authentic old gas stove with oven that works perfecly.  Our house is suitable for a couple or a family. One bedroom has a doublebed (140x200). The second bedroom has a bunkbed for children (70x160 cm). The cauch in the livingroom can also easily be turned into a very comfortable doubleb","Our apartment is centrally located in a quiet street next to the Amstel river. Within a 15 minute walk lies the Eastern part of the city centre, where you find for example the Hermitage, Rembranthouse, Artis Zoo and the Waterloosquare. Walking West, you’ll find within 10 minutes walking distance the vivid neihgbourhood De Pijp with the famous Albert Cuyp market, Heineken brewery en lots of nice bars en restaurants. Eastward, you’ll find various authentic neighbourhoods that offer a taste of everyday Amsterdam in all of its smells, shapes and colors. The whole citycenter and surrounding neighbourhoods can be reached within 20-30 minutes from our house. A big supermarket is right around the corner, as are a tram stop and subway station. The subway takes you to Central Station in only 5 minutes or Amstel Station in one stop.",,"Smoking only in the garden. For the rest, treat our house and neighbours with respect and all is fine."
