"Nice and clean, very close to the city center, Jordaan area and canals on walking distance. - On the edge of the Jordaan area - Stylish and arty (I'm an illustrator and you will notice inside :)) - Flexible check-in/out timings - I know ALL about the city and I'm happy to assist, just ask!","Very stylish fully furnished apartment in Amsterdam-Westerpark. Just a 2 minute walk to the popular Jordaan area with all nice little bars, awesome restaurants, excellent markets and the famous canals. Very central place, not far from Central Station (you can easily walk, catch a bus or a taxi).  - Wireless internet  - Cable TV  - Private bathroom with toilet & shower  - Private kitchen with all kitchenware and a huge fridge  - Comfortable double bed  - Fresh towels and sheets provided  - Washer & dryer  - Nice and relaxed neighborhood, close to city center. Close to shops and supermarkets  Please tell me about your plans in Amsterdam. I know the city very well so I can provide awesome tips you'll like!","Nice and clean, very close to the city center, Jordaan area and canals on walking distance. - On the edge of the Jordaan area - Stylish and arty (I'm an illustrator and you will notice inside :)) - Flexible check-in/out timings - I know ALL about the city and I'm happy to assist, just ask! Very stylish fully furnished apartment in Amsterdam-Westerpark. Just a 2 minute walk to the popular Jordaan area with all nice little bars, awesome restaurants, excellent markets and the famous canals. Very central place, not far from Central Station (you can easily walk, catch a bus or a taxi).  - Wireless internet  - Cable TV  - Private bathroom with toilet & shower  - Private kitchen with all kitchenware and a huge fridge  - Comfortable double bed  - Fresh towels and sheets provided  - Washer & dryer  - Nice and relaxed neighborhood, close to city center. Close to shops and supermarkets  Please tell me about your plans in Amsterdam. I know the city very well so I can provide awesome tips you'll li",,,
