"Ideally located Pied a Terre! This typical canal apartment has two levels, on top level modern living room artistically decorated facing the canal, and modern open kitchen with all amenities. Self catering apartment, not shared.","Ideally located Pied a Terre! This typical canal apartment has two levels, on top level modern living room artistically decorated facing the canal, and modern open kitchen with all amenities.  In the sub terrain level two artistic bedrooms, each with complete privacy, that still maintain their XVII century characteristics as the original stone wall with chapelles and 1,8 m high ceiling. Modern bath located next to the bedrooms. All modern construction and tastefully decorated by professional artists. Only designer furniture in place. Please notice that the Municipality of Amsterdam implement very strict rules to this form of private holiday rental, allowing up to a maximum of 4 persons (including babies) to ensure that your stay is safe and comfortable - so make sure you're aware of the rules and choose an accommodation you trust.","Ideally located Pied a Terre! This typical canal apartment has two levels, on top level modern living room artistically decorated facing the canal, and modern open kitchen with all amenities. Self catering apartment, not shared. Ideally located Pied a Terre! This typical canal apartment has two levels, on top level modern living room artistically decorated facing the canal, and modern open kitchen with all amenities.  In the sub terrain level two artistic bedrooms, each with complete privacy, that still maintain their XVII century characteristics as the original stone wall with chapelles and 1,8 m high ceiling. Modern bath located next to the bedrooms. All modern construction and tastefully decorated by professional artists. Only designer furniture in place. Please notice that the Municipality of Amsterdam implement very strict rules to this form of private holiday rental, allowing up to a maximum of 4 persons (including babies) to ensure that your stay is safe and comfortable - so mak","Singel Canal is not just another Canal. Singel Canal is the inner-most canal in Amsterdam's semicircular ring of canals; in simple words, it is the heart of Amsterdam Canal life in the heart of the old historic Amsterdam; it is the first Canal constructed to be used as a moat to defend the early city until 1585 when Amsterdam started to expand outside Singel into more Canals.  In the same story line,  don’t let your canal house carry you away for too long as you are in the heart of old Amsterdam begging you to explore it: all attractions are within walking distance, all canals are to be walked only minutes from your historic house. Restaurants, shops, the famous 'Flower's Market”, right at the archi-famous 'nine little streets',  Laideseplain, the infamous Red Light District, coffee shops, theatres, night clubs. Should you decide to escape into nearby breathtaking villages, the central train station is a hop away: A UNIQUE PLACE",,"Amsterdam is a unique diverse city. Historic sites and museums of monumental importance co-exist peacefully with the modern and highly tourist Red Light District, Recreational Drug cafes (coffee shops), all day bars and nightclubs. It is of out-most importance that our management contributes to this peaceful coexistence of multiculturalism that makes Amsterdam the most visited city in Europe each year. Our canal apartments, equipped with all modern amenities, date from the 17th century and need your cooperation and attention to preserve their tranquility inside this historic background and their integrity inside the modern city at the same time.  we respectfully wish to inform our valued guests that we have a zero tolerance policy inside the room premises for: a) Recreational drug use and abusive alcohol consumption. b) Excessive noise from loud music or partying that will cause complaints from other tenants at any time of the day. Please respect your neighbors below. c) Smoking is str"
