,"Very centrally located in a cool Amsterdam neighborhood just outside the famous Jordaan area. It's quiet at night -with all the tourists a canal or two away- and lively at daytime with all the shops, bakeries, butchers, fish shops, bio supermarkets and many restaurants; Japanese, Italian, Greek, Indian, French, Spanish… Very convenient: the big supermarket across the street is opened every day till 22:00. Everything of interest is at walking distance. You walk right into the Jordaan with all its lovely bars, shops and restaurants, the Anne Frank Museum at a 10 min walk, Leidseplein at 15. Vondelpark, Dam square & museumplein at 20. Don't forget a visit to the Westerpark- a little less famous but more interesting with all its cultural facilities…  If you'd rather take public transport; the tram stops at a 100 mtr from the front door. But the best way to explore Amsterdam is to do as Amsterdammers do; take the bike! I have a spare old amsterdam bike you can use! At home there's everythin","Very centrally located in a cool Amsterdam neighborhood just outside the famous Jordaan area. It's quiet at night -with all the tourists a canal or two away- and lively at daytime with all the shops, bakeries, butchers, fish shops, bio supermarkets and many restaurants; Japanese, Italian, Greek, Indian, French, Spanish… Very convenient: the big supermarket across the street is opened every day till 22:00. Everything of interest is at walking distance. You walk right into the Jordaan with all its lovely bars, shops and restaurants, the Anne Frank Museum at a 10 min walk, Leidseplein at 15. Vondelpark, Dam square & museumplein at 20. Don't forget a visit to the Westerpark- a little less famous but more interesting with all its cultural facilities…  If you'd rather take public transport; the tram stops at a 100 mtr from the front door. But the best way to explore Amsterdam is to do as Amsterdammers do; take the bike! I have a spare old amsterdam bike you can use! At home there's everythin",,,"Be kind to my place, be kind to my neighbors, thats all."
