"The best place to relax after a long day of sightseeing in the great city of Amsterdam. The best thing about our very clean house is the interior, very special and crazy chic. The apartment has everything you need. Bedlinnens & towels are included.","After a long day in the city, our newly decorated and rebuild apartment is the best place to come home to! We get lost of compliment about the interior. The old tiles in the toilet and bathroom, the green bedrooms and the pink livingroom with crazy details.  And of course our third ""wooden"" bedroom. This space gives you the feeling of being in a treehouse, but than very cosy and warm! You will discover new cute things, funny corners and sweet decoration stuff every day :) . We have three seperated bedrooms with two double beds each and for extra guests we have extra mattresses.   The kitchen is fully equiped with a dishwasher, gas cooker and oven/microwave. We have a big bathroom with washingmachine, dryer and fresh towels.  The apartment has free WIFI. There is a balcony at the back of the house. Our place is just 9 min. by public transport to the lovely Jordaan district with for example the Anne Frank house. Also the entertaintmentarea Leidseplein with pubs, clubs, theatre and restau","The best place to relax after a long day of sightseeing in the great city of Amsterdam. The best thing about our very clean house is the interior, very special and crazy chic. The apartment has everything you need. Bedlinnens & towels are included. After a long day in the city, our newly decorated and rebuild apartment is the best place to come home to! We get lost of compliment about the interior. The old tiles in the toilet and bathroom, the green bedrooms and the pink livingroom with crazy details.  And of course our third ""wooden"" bedroom. This space gives you the feeling of being in a treehouse, but than very cosy and warm! You will discover new cute things, funny corners and sweet decoration stuff every day :) . We have three seperated bedrooms with two double beds each and for extra guests we have extra mattresses.   The kitchen is fully equiped with a dishwasher, gas cooker and oven/microwave. We have a big bathroom with washingmachine, dryer and fresh towels.  The apartment ha","Our Neighberhood is called De Baarsjes. It's a great area. Everything you need is within hand reach. All kinds of shops, tram stops, restaurants, cafe's, bars, parcs, a big supermarket. We live in a silent street, we have double glass so when your inside, you are inside your own, peaceful bubble.","There is a tram- and busstop right in front of our door.  Tram 17 brings you to the city centre, but also to central station.","- Any damage is on your costs. - You can smoke on the balcony. - Please leave the house clean and proper like it was when you came. - You have to know that ususally there live four people in the appartment. Its possible to stay here with more than 4 people but there are not eight real beds. There are 2 matresses and a big aero bed. - Its not a disaster when you break or loose something, but please tell us :) ."
