"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There is a bright pink living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a pink bedroom with comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach from the apartment. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment during your stay!","This beautiful Dutch apartment in Amsterdam is next to the entrance of the Westerpark and just a 15-minute walk from the Central Station of Amsterdam. Also with the tram or the bus is this apartment easy attainable and it will just takes a few minutes to get to the center. If you walk two minutes from the apartment, you’re at the Haarlemmerdijk (voted best shopping street in the Netherlands in 2011!)  The apartment has a brand-new kitchen and bathroom, washing machine, fast internet connection (60mb), 40 inch TV screen, apple TV and xbox/dvd player. At the Westerpark (a nice public urban park) you can take a relaxed walk and you can run or enjoy a picknick. Besides that a lot of events take place here (big parties, festivals, theatre, concerts and art markets). There are also some adorable cafes, restaurants and a small cinema in the Westerpark.  Furthermore is this apartment nearby the Jordaan, home to many art galleries, cute little shops, good restaurants and markets are held regula","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There is a bright pink living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a pink bedroom with comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach from the apartment. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment during your stay! This beautiful Dutch apartment in Amsterdam is next to the entrance of the Westerpark and just a 15-minute walk from the Central Station of Amsterdam. Also with the tram or the bus is this apartment easy attainable and it will just takes a few minutes to get to the center. If you walk two minutes from the apartment, you’re at the Haarlemmerdijk (voted best shopping street in the Netherlands in 2011!)  The apartment has a brand-new kitchen and bathroom, washing machine, fast internet connection (60m","The Haarlemmerbuurt is made up mainly of the streets Haarlemmerdijk and Haarlemmerstraat, starting at the Singel canal and ending at the Marnixstraat and the parallel streets extending south to the beautiful Brouwersgracht. Beginning at the start of the Singel canal near Centraal Station, the street is known as Haarlemmerstraat. As it continues past the Prinsengracht the street changes its name to Haarlemmerdijk. Originally these streets were the first part of the road to the town of Haarlem, hence the name. This shopping street is busy with cars, bicycles and pedestrians but still maintains a charming feel. When traveling its length be sure to stop at the Eenhoornsluis and admire the view. The lovely sunsets here make it one of the city’s most popular spots to photograph. Plus we love the meaning of the name","The easiest way to get around the city is by bike, but you can also use public transport. Close to the apartment you can find different trams and buses that can take you around the whole city.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
