"A lovely maisonette with private living room and bathroom, in the truly heart of Amsterdam. If you like urban life, you'll enjoy it :) * NOTE Please inform us your arrival time (at airport or Centraal station) when you send an inquiry or booking request. It will make us much faster to reply you about availability. Thank you!","Truly at the heart of Amsterdam, just off Nieuwmarkt, super convenient location. In walking distance are Waterloo Plein, Rembrandt House, Zeedijk (China town), Red Right district, Damplein and Palace. Bunch of cafes, shops and good restaurants in the neigbourhood. 10 minutes walk or 1 stop by metro from the Central station. From there it is only 20 minutes to the Airport.  The apartment is a maisonette (double-floor)  Downstairs are living room with a a sofa-bed (140 x 200cm), and an open kitchen with a dishwasher, refrigerator and oven-microwave.   Upstairs are bedroom (queen 160x200cm), and bathroom with bathtub, separated toilet.  The above is the highlight of the house, a private roof terrace where you can enjoy sunbathing.","A lovely maisonette with private living room and bathroom, in the truly heart of Amsterdam. If you like urban life, you'll enjoy it :) * NOTE Please inform us your arrival time (at airport or Centraal station) when you send an inquiry or booking request. It will make us much faster to reply you about availability. Thank you! Truly at the heart of Amsterdam, just off Nieuwmarkt, super convenient location. In walking distance are Waterloo Plein, Rembrandt House, Zeedijk (China town), Red Right district, Damplein and Palace. Bunch of cafes, shops and good restaurants in the neigbourhood. 10 minutes walk or 1 stop by metro from the Central station. From there it is only 20 minutes to the Airport.  The apartment is a maisonette (double-floor)  Downstairs are living room with a a sofa-bed (140 x 200cm), and an open kitchen with a dishwasher, refrigerator and oven-microwave.   Upstairs are bedroom (queen 160x200cm), and bathroom with bathtub, separated toilet.  The above is the highlight of t",,"There are good glossary stores, super markets, organic food shop and oriental food shops in the neigbourhood. Further, every Saturday there is organic farmers' market in Nieuwmarkt, where you can get top quality veggies, cheese, breads, grains, meat, etc. So if you like cooking, you can have a fun in my kitchen ! (I do :)","Please keep quiet in the evening as there is another apt below. No elevator, so please make your bags ready to be carried 3 floors. You can smoke cigarettes, but please DO NOT BURN sofa, bed, cushions, etc. If it happens, costs for replacement will be deducted from the deposit."
