Staying at 'Prinsengracht Cozy Retreat' will make sure your visit to Amsterdam becomes an extra comfortable and good one.  This cozy 1-room is the right place to relax after a day of sightseeing and shopping. We don't serve breakfast because there are so many nice places  and a grocery store in a short walking distance. There's a fridge in the room.,"Staying at 'Prinsengracht Cozy Retreat' will make sure your visit to Amsterdam becomes an extra comfortable and good one.  This cute residence with canal view is the right place to relax after a day of sightseeing and shopping.  Enjoying a glass of wine with your feet up, suddenly gets a whole different dimension when looking outside where you can see the little boats passing along the canal, right in front of you.  In 1 room you have all you need; a comfortable bed, a small table with two chairs, a little kitchenette with a water cooker and an espresso machine and a fridge.  You have your own shower and toilet.","Staying at 'Prinsengracht Cozy Retreat' will make sure your visit to Amsterdam becomes an extra comfortable and good one.  This cozy 1-room is the right place to relax after a day of sightseeing and shopping. We don't serve breakfast because there are so many nice places  and a grocery store in a short walking distance. There's a fridge in the room. Staying at 'Prinsengracht Cozy Retreat' will make sure your visit to Amsterdam becomes an extra comfortable and good one.  This cute residence with canal view is the right place to relax after a day of sightseeing and shopping.  Enjoying a glass of wine with your feet up, suddenly gets a whole different dimension when looking outside where you can see the little boats passing along the canal, right in front of you.  In 1 room you have all you need; a comfortable bed, a small table with two chairs, a little kitchenette with a water cooker and an espresso machine and a fridge.  You have your own shower and toilet. You will have your own entra","When stepping outside your door, you can walk around the neighborhood along the border of the canals. Cosy little bars and restaurants are just around the corner at the Amstelveld and on the Utrechtsestraat.","As the location of the room is in the heart of Amsterdam, everything is easily accessed by foot or by bike. Bikes can be rented in the neighborhood at for example Mike's Bike (also tours possible) and Black bike in the Kerkstraat.  When arriving in Amsterdam by train or plain there are several trams that will lead you from the central station to the Prinsengracht (Tram 16 and 24).",- no smoking - no cannabis - no unregistered people at the house at any given time - no parties - no noise after 2200 hours - respect the neighbours - leave the place in basic clean condition or lose your deposit Charges and penalties Dirty house: A Smoking: A Cannabis use: B  Unregistered guests: C A: you will lose your deposit B and C: you will lose your deposit and we will terminate your stay. Rental charge will not be refunded If we called to come tot he house due to a disturbance a minimum fine of 100 euros will be charged to cover our costs.
