Apartment situated at the historical Prinsengracht at 10 minutes walking from Dam Square and at walking distance from Central Station in the ‘Unesco’ part of Amsterdam where you'll find all the important sights.,"Apartment in the centre of Amsterdam! Situated at the historical Prinsengracht at 10 minutes walking from Dam Square and at walking distance from Central Station. It is in the ‘Unesco’ part of Amsterdam where you'll find all the important sights. The 40 m2 apartment is very private, consists of 2 rooms and has a lot of daylight since it is on the 4th floor. The entrance of the apartment building is situated at the historical Prinsengracht and the apartment itself is on the much more quiet backside of the building. The apartment has a living room with a high quality, convertable sofa (160 x 200 cm.). The bed room has two seperate beds and there is a nice and clean bath room with  a new washingmachine (Siemens). The kitchen has a Nespresso machine with coffee capsules available,  watercooker,  fridge,  microwave and dishwasher. Fast wifi internet is provided free of charge. Cable television is available with various international channels.","Apartment situated at the historical Prinsengracht at 10 minutes walking from Dam Square and at walking distance from Central Station in the ‘Unesco’ part of Amsterdam where you'll find all the important sights. Apartment in the centre of Amsterdam! Situated at the historical Prinsengracht at 10 minutes walking from Dam Square and at walking distance from Central Station. It is in the ‘Unesco’ part of Amsterdam where you'll find all the important sights. The 40 m2 apartment is very private, consists of 2 rooms and has a lot of daylight since it is on the 4th floor. The entrance of the apartment building is situated at the historical Prinsengracht and the apartment itself is on the much more quiet backside of the building. The apartment has a living room with a high quality, convertable sofa (160 x 200 cm.). The bed room has two seperate beds and there is a nice and clean bath room with  a new washingmachine (Siemens). The kitchen has a Nespresso machine with coffee capsules available, ",,,"No smoking, no pets and no drugs using inside the house. Silence after 23.00 and before 8.00."
