"Affordable, light, clean room with private shower & toilet in upcoming Amsterdam North, close to NDSM area 15 mins from Amsterdam Central Station Bus stop in front of the house Free (public) parking Please make sure to read the rest of the description. Thank you.","Clean, light, 15 sq m room situated semi-attached from our living area for optimal privacy.  Has everything you need and goes without anything you don't need (personal belongings, storage etc). Best for couples, friends, single person We are a family with small children. It is inevitable that you will occasionally hear footsteps, doors and voices. However, we guarantee your privacy and we ask the same in return. Equipped with: Small fridge Coffee maker, Water boiler","Affordable, light, clean room with private shower & toilet in upcoming Amsterdam North, close to NDSM area 15 mins from Amsterdam Central Station Bus stop in front of the house Free (public) parking Please make sure to read the rest of the description. Thank you. Clean, light, 15 sq m room situated semi-attached from our living area for optimal privacy.  Has everything you need and goes without anything you don't need (personal belongings, storage etc). Best for couples, friends, single person We are a family with small children. It is inevitable that you will occasionally hear footsteps, doors and voices. However, we guarantee your privacy and we ask the same in return. Equipped with: Small fridge Coffee maker, Water boiler You will have access to the room indicated in the pictures. The room is situated semi-attached from our living area, right after the main entrance on the ground floor. Shared main entrance. Private shower + sink located inside the room Private toilet located right ","The hip & happening NDSM area, is just 5 minutes away! This rural former ship yard district is an upcoming area that hosts smaller several smaller and major companies from the creative industry such as MTV networks, ad agencies, art galleries and production companies. It is also home to a couple of restaurants among which the relatively new and extremely popular creative hangout Pllek with an amazing view over the IJ canal and great affordable menu. Excellent for a coffee, lunch, informal business meeting, diner or drinks at night. (website hidden) The new EYE film museum is also located at this side of the IJ canal as well as the renowned restaurant 'Hotel de Goudfazant' (website hidden) (website hidden)(phone number (URL HIDDEN) Our facility has the benefit of EASY and FAST access to the city centre, while enjoying the convenience and coziness of a smaller neighborhood. Situated along the main road in a residential area that was built in the 30's and 40's for the working class operat","We offer 2 bikes for rent upon request 10 euro per bike per day + deposit To get to the city centre: By Bus (across the street): (when we say across the street, we mean across the street) 15 mins to Central Station (Bus 35) By Bike: 5 min bike ride to ferry 5 min ferry ride over the IJ canal 5 min bike ride to popular Haarlemmerdijk and Westerpark area or 10 min bike ride to Jordaan neighborhood By Car: City Centre: 15 mins Schiphol Airport: 20 mins High way: 2 mins Nearest Supermarket:  10 min walk/ 5 min bike ride/ 2 min drive Nearest Department Store (HEMA) 15 min walk/ 5 min bike ride/ 2 min drive Restaurants: 3 min drive/ 5 min bike/ 15 min walk","As a family with small children, safety is highly important to us.  We expect that the person in the profile will be our guest. If you are booking for a relative or a friend, please discuss. We expect that you hold a valid ID, to be shown upon arrival. New local government regulation requires that we register each guest. We expect you to respect our privacy like we will respect yours Flexibility in regards to check in is required. A one-hour time frame for check in is to be determined in mutual agreement. No smoking, inside the room or in front of the house No cooking  When going out, please: Turn off heating Switch off lights  Lock doors"
