,"In this two bedroom apartment (i'll be there as well) I can offer a big private room which is suited for 1 or two persons (I'm not comfortable hosting men only, couples are welcome). The apartment is located in Amsterdam (Oud-West) and offers you all the standard amenities you need, such as WiFi, a decent bathroom (+ clean towels) and it even has a little garden with loungeset. You are welcome to use the large kitchen which includes the refrigerator, microwave/oven and dishwasher. I will provide coffee and tea. The apartment is situated next to the famous Jordaan area and very close to the city centre and the Vondelpark (5 minute walk). The public transport (tram 17) in front off the appartment brings you to the Jordaan area (Western Church + Anne Frank House), Dam Square and Central Station. The public transport (tram 1) within a 5 minute walk brings you to the famous Leidse Square. Round the corner of the apartment you’ll find a shoppingarea (Kinkerstraat + J.P. Heijstraat) and the H","In this two bedroom apartment (i'll be there as well) I can offer a big private room which is suited for 1 or two persons (I'm not comfortable hosting men only, couples are welcome). The apartment is located in Amsterdam (Oud-West) and offers you all the standard amenities you need, such as WiFi, a decent bathroom (+ clean towels) and it even has a little garden with loungeset. You are welcome to use the large kitchen which includes the refrigerator, microwave/oven and dishwasher. I will provide coffee and tea. The apartment is situated next to the famous Jordaan area and very close to the city centre and the Vondelpark (5 minute walk). The public transport (tram 17) in front off the appartment brings you to the Jordaan area (Western Church + Anne Frank House), Dam Square and Central Station. The public transport (tram 1) within a 5 minute walk brings you to the famous Leidse Square. Round the corner of the apartment you’ll find a shoppingarea (Kinkerstraat + J.P. Heijstraat) and the H",,,
