"Our beautiful ship is one of the rare ships who has a quay and is located in the centre of Amsterdam. It's like a oasis in the city: it's quiet, almost no traffic, but 150 meters further and you are in the centre of the jordaan. Haarlemmerstraat, which was called 'best shopping street of Holland', is at 150 meters. Also nice to know: It's possible to jump from the ship and swim... All in all the perfect Amsterdam experience!","Central Station is within walking distance. Our ship is docked in the oldest part of Amsterdam: Prinseneiland / Jordaan.  We have a quay, next to the ship, where you can relax in the sun, till late in the evening. We also have a fire pit at the quay, so you can extend those lovely nights.... We have a big kitchen, with dishwasher, microwave, freezer, etc. The living room is big as well, we have a television, wifi, WII and a fire place. In the front of the ship is one (large) bedroom with a big bed for two large persons and in the back of the ship is a bedroom with a big bed for two large persons and in the back of the ship is another bedroom with a build-in bed, were one person (or two, who really like each other) can sleep (1.10m). If you don't really like each other, we have an extra airbed for 2 persons, ánd a cosy couch ;) We have a bathroom with a bathtub and shower. Washing machine and dryer are also available on the ship. We have two cats. They are lovely! We have plants in pots","Our beautiful ship is one of the rare ships who has a quay and is located in the centre of Amsterdam. It's like a oasis in the city: it's quiet, almost no traffic, but 150 meters further and you are in the centre of the jordaan. Haarlemmerstraat, which was called 'best shopping street of Holland', is at 150 meters. Also nice to know: It's possible to jump from the ship and swim... All in all the perfect Amsterdam experience! Central Station is within walking distance. Our ship is docked in the oldest part of Amsterdam: Prinseneiland / Jordaan.  We have a quay, next to the ship, where you can relax in the sun, till late in the evening. We also have a fire pit at the quay, so you can extend those lovely nights.... We have a big kitchen, with dishwasher, microwave, freezer, etc. The living room is big as well, we have a television, wifi, WII and a fire place. In the front of the ship is one (large) bedroom with a big bed for two large persons and in the back of the ship is a bedroom with ","We think the best thing about our ship is the fact that it's in the center of Amsterdam, but not on the busy canals. So you won't be bothered by people on little or big boats that will float by. The ship is situated in the oldest part of Amsterdam, with the old canalhouses where Amsterdam is famous for. If you walk underneath the railway track, you're immediately in the busy streets of Amsterdam: the Jordaan. A big supermarket is at 200 feet distance and all sorts of nice shops in the Haarlemmerstraat (best shopping street of Holland 2012). We have a bicycle which you can use, so you can see all of Amsterdam.","Because Central Station is within walking distance, everything is nearby. If you're flying, you can take a taxi to our ship, you'll pay around €40,- for that. If we are at home, we'd love to pick you up for free from the central station Amsterdam, so let's keep in touch about that. If you come by car, you can park your car in 'Willemspoort', which is a parking lot, 100 meters from our ship.",
