"Since 2017 we live in our great, well designed villa on an island IJburg in Amsterdam.  We like to host guests once in a while in the studio on the top floor with its spectacular roof terrace.  With the direct tram connection, the city centre is only 20 minutes away. There is also free parking available for your car.","On the 2nd floor we have a modern studio;  * a bedroom with queensize bed * private bathroom with a sink, a toilet and shower * pantry with fridge, water boiler, a Nespresso machine, cuterly and plates * a  living room with Vitra Eames lounge chair, dining/ work table and tv  * last but surely not least, a spectacular roof terrace of 30 sqm with love seat and lounge set.  You can enjoy your breakfast here, read a book overlooking the park and watch the sunset with a glass of bubbles. Wifi is available.  We are happy to welcome you and hope you will enjoy Amsterdam and our studio as much as we do!","Since 2017 we live in our great, well designed villa on an island IJburg in Amsterdam.  We like to host guests once in a while in the studio on the top floor with its spectacular roof terrace.  With the direct tram connection, the city centre is only 20 minutes away. There is also free parking available for your car. On the 2nd floor we have a modern studio;  * a bedroom with queensize bed * private bathroom with a sink, a toilet and shower * pantry with fridge, water boiler, a Nespresso machine, cuterly and plates * a  living room with Vitra Eames lounge chair, dining/ work table and tv  * last but surely not least, a spectacular roof terrace of 30 sqm with love seat and lounge set.  You can enjoy your breakfast here, read a book overlooking the park and watch the sunset with a glass of bubbles. Wifi is available.  We are happy to welcome you and hope you will enjoy Amsterdam and our studio as much as we do! The complete studio and roof terrace is your domain during your stay.  We sha","Our neighbourhood (IJburg) is built on regained land. So there's water all around. IJburg has two beaches and people are swimming everywhere. You might like to use our SUP board (stand up paddling).   Our house overlooks a big park,  a great place for a nice walk.  This is also the way to the city center when you go by bike. IJburg has a shopping center, some nice bars and restaurants at the port and a great Thai restaurant (which delivers meals as well). The tennis club is only 200 m from our house, you can rent a court there.",There is free parking available for your car. When you come by train / plain and want to stay in and around Amsterdam you do not need a car.  The tram to the city center takes only 20 minutes from IJburg. You might like to rent a bike and explore the city like the Dutch.,"We do hope you have a wonderful time in our family apartment and feel at home, but please realize that we actually live in this house. Treat our apartment with the same respect you treat your own. Do not smoke in the house. You can use anything in the fridge."
