"This apartment consists of a spacious bedroom, a private living room, a private en suite bathroom and a pantry. It is part of a former vicarage, situated directly opposite the Vondel Park and  only a 5 minute walk from the major museums and the centre. It has a lush front yard with a view of the 19th century church, The owners live in the same building but the apartment is an independent part of the house. Perfect for 2 adults - not suitable for families.",The heritage-listed vicarage and the church were designed and built in the 1880s by the famous architect Pierre Cuypers who also designed the Rijksmuseum and Amsterdam Central Station.,"This apartment consists of a spacious bedroom, a private living room, a private en suite bathroom and a pantry. It is part of a former vicarage, situated directly opposite the Vondel Park and  only a 5 minute walk from the major museums and the centre. It has a lush front yard with a view of the 19th century church, The owners live in the same building but the apartment is an independent part of the house. Perfect for 2 adults - not suitable for families. The heritage-listed vicarage and the church were designed and built in the 1880s by the famous architect Pierre Cuypers who also designed the Rijksmuseum and Amsterdam Central Station. Guests stay in the private large aparment (35 m²) facing the large front yard, and with a view of the 19th century Vondel Church.  Guests are welcome to use this front yard, for instance to have breakfast in the morning or a drink in the afternoon or evening. The apartment has a private living room and a bedroom,  and a private en-suite bathroom with to","The apartment is situated directly opposite the famous Vondel Park and is only a 5 minute walk from the centre of town and the museum area (Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum (Modern Art) and Van Gogh Museum. Although very central this is a very quiet and green part of the city. Both in the park and in the area there are many quaint cafés and restaurants.",Only a tram ride away from the Amsterdam central train station - the tram stop is just around the corner.,Guests are welcome to use the garden/terrace between 7.30 a.m. and 10.30 p.m.
