"Private room, quiet and light, with garden view and outdoor terrace, with good bedding, good coffee and tea, in the old town, in an authentic cobble stoned street, perfectly located, shops, restaurants and cafees nearby.","Nestled right in the centre near the main canals of Prinsengracht and Keizersgracht, lies our picturesque cobble stoned street. Experience quintessential Amsterdam by staying in the best room of our house that was built in the 1700s.  Overlooking a tranquil garden scene, the room sleeps two people comfortably with the option of a second, single bed. Enjoy your own en-suite bathroom and a private outdoor terrace. The room comes fully equipped with wi-fi, quality cotton linen, fluffy white towels and other amenities to make your stay comfortable. Tea and coffee come with the room. A water boiler and a Nespresso coffee machine are your tools.  Breakfast is not included, but access to several restaurants, shops and public transport is within walking distance of the house. Guests of 25 years and older are welcome. We look forward to hosting you!","Private room, quiet and light, with garden view and outdoor terrace, with good bedding, good coffee and tea, in the old town, in an authentic cobble stoned street, perfectly located, shops, restaurants and cafees nearby. Nestled right in the centre near the main canals of Prinsengracht and Keizersgracht, lies our picturesque cobble stoned street. Experience quintessential Amsterdam by staying in the best room of our house that was built in the 1700s.  Overlooking a tranquil garden scene, the room sleeps two people comfortably with the option of a second, single bed. Enjoy your own en-suite bathroom and a private outdoor terrace. The room comes fully equipped with wi-fi, quality cotton linen, fluffy white towels and other amenities to make your stay comfortable. Tea and coffee come with the room. A water boiler and a Nespresso coffee machine are your tools.  Breakfast is not included, but access to several restaurants, shops and public transport is within walking distance of the house. ","It's a residential area in the old town but everything that makes Amsterdam special is within walking distance. A supermarket that's open seven days per week till 10 pm, cafes, restaurants and breakfast places are all within the direct environment of the house.",A tram stop is only 200 metres away.,"Respectful towards the house, to me and the housemates and the neighbours. It's a non-smoking room.  In general, it's not a party house."
