,"ACCOMODATION: Quiet and private, this  3-room apartment (55m²/600ft²) offers superb open views across a park and the Amstel river. In one of the best areas in town and near a shopping street. Close to the historical centre and to all public transport and always parking spots in front of the apartment.  The apartment is fully equipped with: 1. Living/dining room, flat screen TV (500 Satellite channels) with DVD player,  free WiFi, comfortable couch and chairs 2. Master bedroom with double bed (2x90 x200 cm) and wardrobes.   3. Second bedroom with double bed  (2x 80 x200 cm). 4. Fully equipped kitchen with toaster/oven/grill/microwave plus washing/dryer machine. 5. A very luxurious marble tiled bathroom with shower.    The apartment is on the first floor (European description)/second floor (American description) and has no lift, is very private and graced by the sun, because of its corner positioning towards the East and South and is very light. Complete with central heating and a separa","ACCOMODATION: Quiet and private, this  3-room apartment (55m²/600ft²) offers superb open views across a park and the Amstel river. In one of the best areas in town and near a shopping street. Close to the historical centre and to all public transport and always parking spots in front of the apartment.  The apartment is fully equipped with: 1. Living/dining room, flat screen TV (500 Satellite channels) with DVD player,  free WiFi, comfortable couch and chairs 2. Master bedroom with double bed (2x90 x200 cm) and wardrobes.   3. Second bedroom with double bed  (2x 80 x200 cm). 4. Fully equipped kitchen with toaster/oven/grill/microwave plus washing/dryer machine. 5. A very luxurious marble tiled bathroom with shower.    The apartment is on the first floor (European description)/second floor (American description) and has no lift, is very private and graced by the sun, because of its corner positioning towards the East and South and is very light. Complete with central heating and a separa",,Tram 4 in walking range takes you in 10 minutes to Centre. Tram 12 brings you in 10 minutes to the Museum area.,"* Smoking is not allowed; * Dogs are not allowed; * No drugs and no party people * No invitation to other people to sleep in the apartment, always consult! Respect the peace and rest of the neighbours."
