"The most unique living space in Amsterdam. My 120 square meter Houseboat on the famous Keizersgracht canal. It's spacious, luminious and private. Location in the middle of all the big Amsterdam attractions! Big bonus: your own outdoors on top of the water.","It's a wide open space of approx. 5 by 20 meters. Many windows and sunshine throughout the day.  Once you get on board you hardly realize you're in a boat. Luxurious furniture and a really big soft bed (200 x 220cm). It's great to sit upstairs in the ""captains cabin"" and watch all the boats go by :) ","The most unique living space in Amsterdam. My 120 square meter Houseboat on the famous Keizersgracht canal. It's spacious, luminious and private. Location in the middle of all the big Amsterdam attractions! Big bonus: your own outdoors on top of the water. It's a wide open space of approx. 5 by 20 meters. Many windows and sunshine throughout the day.  Once you get on board you hardly realize you're in a boat. Luxurious furniture and a really big soft bed (200 x 220cm). It's great to sit upstairs in the ""captains cabin"" and watch all the boats go by :) The entire boat together with all it's facilities.  The boat is outfitted for two adults only. Kids are welcome, but please consider with me first. I will be there to welcome you on board and show you all the facilities and answer all of your questions. I will not stay on the boat during your stay but will be available 24/7 for questions. (e-mail or phone) The boat is located in an A+ location. I bet everybody in Holland knows this locati",The boat is located in an A+ location. I bet everybody in Holland knows this location. I live between all the big museums and theaters in a very vivid neighborhood. There are over 30 restaurants within a 5 minute walk radius.  All the big touristic locations (if you're in for that) are within 5 minutes by tram and 10 minutes on foot.,"There's a tramstop only 50 meters away from my house. (Line 4) This will take you to the most attractions and also to/from Central Station. Very convenient if you choose to come by plane.  But basically you can walk to every location. (or rent a bike, if you dare..)",No music after 11pm. No smoking. No use of the fireplace (insurance thing). No pets. No (soft)drugs. No extra friends.  Read the instructions regarding the use of the toilet. (this is a boat so additional rules apply)  Overall just be respectful of the place since I live here. It's not just a hotel :) Most important thing: Enjoy your stay in Amsterdam!
