"The room has a private entrance and is located on the ground floor of our house built in 1905. The room is equipped with a small fridge and possibility for tea and coffee. Private bathroom with shower, toilet en sink. TV & WIFI.","Recently renovated room on the ground floor with private  bathroom with toilet, sink and shower.  Private entrance. Wooden flooring. Small fridge, coffee and tea possibilities. You can have your breakfast in the room or go outside and visit one of the breakfast cafe's in the area (just 2 minutes walk there are two popular cafe's: Bagels & Beans and Stadscafe van Mechelen. They both are open early and serving great breakfast.  Free WIFI.","The room has a private entrance and is located on the ground floor of our house built in 1905. The room is equipped with a small fridge and possibility for tea and coffee. Private bathroom with shower, toilet en sink. TV & WIFI. Recently renovated room on the ground floor with private  bathroom with toilet, sink and shower.  Private entrance. Wooden flooring. Small fridge, coffee and tea possibilities. You can have your breakfast in the room or go outside and visit one of the breakfast cafe's in the area (just 2 minutes walk there are two popular cafe's: Bagels & Beans and Stadscafe van Mechelen. They both are open early and serving great breakfast.  Free WIFI. Washing and drying possible The neighbourhood is quiet and peacefull, a lot of young people and young families live here. Within 10 minutes from the centre of town. Plenty of shops, cafe's and restaurants around the area. The Vondelpark is a real pleasure being just a minute away. The museum area with Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Sted","The neighbourhood is quiet and peacefull, a lot of young people and young families live here. Within 10 minutes from the centre of town. Plenty of shops, cafe's and restaurants around the area. The Vondelpark is a real pleasure being just a minute away. The museum area with Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and others are only 7 minutes by tram.","By bike or foot you can go through the Vondelpark and get out at the Leidseplein. Tram 1, 2 and 17 are nearby as well as bus 15. From Schiphol it is approx 20 minutes by public transport and 10 minutes by car. 2 minutes by car from the highway A10.",No smoking room
