"Light and conveniently located private floor in lively neighbourhood. In walking distance of the Hallen Quarter, Amsterdam canals with 9 streets shopping district, the Vondelpark and the Museum Quarter.","Private floor (35m2) in Oud-West. Lively neighbourhood with lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. From here it is only a 10 minute stroll to the Hallen (the new cultural and restaurant hotspot) and the Vondelpark, 15 minutes to the canal district (9 Straatjes) and 20 to the main museums (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk). Central Station can easily be reached by bike or tram 17 in about 15 minutes.  You will stay on the first floor of our 1903 house. The room gets lots of light and from the couch in the living room you can watch life pass by on the street. We live upstairs.  The stairs are pretty narrow and steep (as they are in many old Amsterdam houses). This should be no problem if you are in good health, but might cause a problem for anyone who does not walk/climb stairs so easily.","Light and conveniently located private floor in lively neighbourhood. In walking distance of the Hallen Quarter, Amsterdam canals with 9 streets shopping district, the Vondelpark and the Museum Quarter. Private floor (35m2) in Oud-West. Lively neighbourhood with lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. From here it is only a 10 minute stroll to the Hallen (the new cultural and restaurant hotspot) and the Vondelpark, 15 minutes to the canal district (9 Straatjes) and 20 to the main museums (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk). Central Station can easily be reached by bike or tram 17 in about 15 minutes.  You will stay on the first floor of our 1903 house. The room gets lots of light and from the couch in the living room you can watch life pass by on the street. We live upstairs.  The stairs are pretty narrow and steep (as they are in many old Amsterdam houses). This should be no problem if you are in good health, but might cause a problem for anyone who does not walk/climb stairs so easily. ","Very lively with lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. Walk to the Hallen with a food court, the best cinema, trendy shops and a public library. Stroll to the Vondelpark to get to the main museums. And very well connected through public transportation.","Tram 17 will take you downtown and Central Station. And in the other direction to Lelylaan train station, where you can take a direct train to Schiphol airport.  Our stop is called Jan Pieter Heijestraat. From there it is just a 3 minute walk to our house. You can bring your car and park it on the street, but it gets rather expensive (about €3 an hour or almost €30 for a day ticket). You can park relatively cheap in the P+R parking garages located on the ring. The easiest one to access our place is the one in Bos and Lommer. From there you can take tram 7 to get to our house.","A few basic rules of the game: * The studio can only be used for temporary living, not for any other purposes. * Please leave the place as clean as you found it. * Don't leave bread or any other food items out overnight or when you leave. * No candles please, to reduce any risk of fire.  * Please turn down the thermostat when you are not there, to save gas and the planet.  * Lock the front door when you leave and you think there is nobody else in the house. * Please indicate prior to your arrival with how many persons (max 2) you will stay in the studio. No other overnight guests are allowed, except with explicit approval by the owners."
