"Enjoy a relaxing time in our spacious private top floor loft, 15min from the cultural Westside of Amsterdam +-25min from the city centre.  The room is suitable for up to 4 people and the luxurious, clean bathroom on the 1st floor, is shared with us.","NB! Please read all the house info below carefully before putting in a request.  It will help to avoid any unexpected surprises and make your stay go as smoothly as possible. THE ROOM This spacious, private and quiet room is on the top-floor of our house (up 2 flights of stairs). It is filled with natural light and equipped with a comfortable, but firm double bed (Japanese futon), 2-seater lounge and a cute bistro table and chairs.  The room is ideally suited for 2 people, but using comfortable mattresses on the floor, we can easily add on 2 extra people with plenty of space for 4 guests. Included in the room are:  - Clean linen - 2 extra Single mattresses - Clean towels - Hand soap - Hair dryer - Electric kettle - Complimentary tea selection  - Nespresso machine - Complimentary coffee selection - Microwave oven - Mini fridge - Free dish washing service Yoga gear available on demand. Feel free to ask us if there is anything else you might need. There is also a local supermarket near by","Enjoy a relaxing time in our spacious private top floor loft, 15min from the cultural Westside of Amsterdam +-25min from the city centre.  The room is suitable for up to 4 people and the luxurious, clean bathroom on the 1st floor, is shared with us. NB! Please read all the house info below carefully before putting in a request.  It will help to avoid any unexpected surprises and make your stay go as smoothly as possible. THE ROOM This spacious, private and quiet room is on the top-floor of our house (up 2 flights of stairs). It is filled with natural light and equipped with a comfortable, but firm double bed (Japanese futon), 2-seater lounge and a cute bistro table and chairs.  The room is ideally suited for 2 people, but using comfortable mattresses on the floor, we can easily add on 2 extra people with plenty of space for 4 guests. Included in the room are:  - Clean linen - 2 extra Single mattresses - Clean towels - Hand soap - Hair dryer - Electric kettle - Complimentary tea selecti","We live in a quiet residential area near the multi-cultural WESTSIDE of Amsterdam, about half an hour from the city center. The beautiful and peaceful Rembrandt park is very close (2-min walk).  There are plenty of public transport options and loads of grocery shops nearby (open 7 days a week) and a great shopping street with many hip café's and restaurants at walking distance (20-min).  Nearest bike rental is 10 minute walk away. Nearest public transport and supermarket is 3 minute walk. Nearest café is 15 minute walk. The airport is 15 minutes by taxi, or 30-60 mins by public transport. Most interesting places are within 15-30 minutes by bicycle. 30-45 minutes by public transport. 45-60 minutes walk. A 10 minute bike ride will take you to the famous Vondelpark or Kinkerbuurt and only 10-15 minutes to the canals, museum square or centre of Amsterdam.  Travelling by car is also very easy and you can park here for 2,60 an hour or 14,50 a day (free on Sundays and holidays).","ON FOOT 3 minutes to the closest supermarket (open Mon - Sun. Albert Heijn August Allebéplein (Postjesweg). 10 min to the nearest bike shop, & tram 17 (which goes all the way through the center). 15-20 mins to the nearest café's, restaurants and shopping area. BICYCLE 10 mins to the Vondelpark. 15 mins to the canals or museum district. 20 mins to Rembrandt or Leidse square. 30 mins to Central Station. PUBLIC TRANSPORT (Last one at midnight) Bus 18 (3-min walk to Postjesweg)  Tram 13 (6-min walk to Lucas hospital)  Tram 17 (10 min walk to Hoofdweg) All go to Central Station in under 30 minutes  17 and 13 go through the city and stop at various key spots on the way.  Subway nr. 50 and 51 are 7 minutes away (Postjesweg) and go Station Lelylaan where you can change for Schiphol or Station Sloterdijk. AT NIGHT There is a nightbus 353 which goes all night (once an hour) and stops at: Central Station, Leidse square and many other key spots on the way. It arrives at Postjesweg/Derkinderstraat ","Please read all of the house guidelines/description before you place a request. It will help to make your stay go as smoothly as possible. --------------------- CHECK-IN after 15.00 and no later than 20.00 please. Make sure you plan your journey accordingly and let me know BEFORE YOU BOOK if this might be a problem. Also, make sure I can reach you in case of delays. I WILL BE WAITING FOR YOU. Due to government rules I will need to keep a register of all of my guests. At the start of the check in, I will be requesting some details of all of the guests involved. I will need to write down all of the guests names, places of residence, arrival/departure date and type of identification. Thank you for your cooporation. -------------------- CHECK-OUT before 10.00 (let me know if this is a problem for you) -------------------- NO SMOKING indoors (not even out of the window), but feel free to smoke in the back garden. If you prefer to smoke in the front yard, bring your key and keep the front do"
