"Welcome to our quiet, cozy apartment at a five minutes walk from the historic centre: the Jordaan! The apartment is situated on the second floor of a characteristic 1930 Amsterdam house and with own entrance. Fully renovated and refurbished in 2013.","This calm apartment with a private entrance to the apartment holds a well equipped kitchen, a bathroom, washing machine, double bed and free high speed Wifi. No sharing! We can furnish the room with a baby bed if needed. Children under 4 years old are free of charge. A nice bottle of wine will be waiting for you on the table and breakfast is provided in the fridge for the first couple of days. Once you step out of the front door, you can enjoy the great view of the canal. A short walk, some 5 minutes, will take you to the Jordaan, unique shops, romantic and intimate restaurants with the best kitchens, café’s, supermarkets and the Marnix swimming pool. On Mondays there’s a regular market and a flea market. On Saturdays you can visit the organic market. The Anne Frank House, the Westertower and the Cultural Westerpark are within walking distance. Going further afield? There’s a tram- and bus stop around the corner. You can rent bicycles very nearby. All Amsterdam museums are within easy ","Welcome to our quiet, cozy apartment at a five minutes walk from the historic centre: the Jordaan! The apartment is situated on the second floor of a characteristic 1930 Amsterdam house and with own entrance. Fully renovated and refurbished in 2013. This calm apartment with a private entrance to the apartment holds a well equipped kitchen, a bathroom, washing machine, double bed and free high speed Wifi. No sharing! We can furnish the room with a baby bed if needed. Children under 4 years old are free of charge. A nice bottle of wine will be waiting for you on the table and breakfast is provided in the fridge for the first couple of days. Once you step out of the front door, you can enjoy the great view of the canal. A short walk, some 5 minutes, will take you to the Jordaan, unique shops, romantic and intimate restaurants with the best kitchens, café’s, supermarkets and the Marnix swimming pool. On Mondays there’s a regular market and a flea market. On Saturdays you can visit the orga",,"How to come? A direct rail link connects Schiphol International Airport to Amsterdam Central Station and is the fastest and most convenient way to get to the city center. From ""Amsterdam Central Station"" is a direct city bus connection, Bus 18 (direction Slotervaart) or bus 21  (direction Geuzenveld) . The bus ride takes about 5 minutes. More details follow just after you booked the apartment","Take care for the apartment as if it yours and be welcome. The like to keep the apartment fresh and clean, so that is the reason it is a no smoking area.  - Children under 4 years stay free of charge. - Clean bed linen and towels are provided - Hairdryer available - The kitchen has everything you need for a nice dinner to cook (and a microwave) - No dishwasher available - Price includes cleaning fee.  - The apartment is on the second floor of a residential block."
