"Bright 4-room apartment with lots of authentic details, comfortably accommodating a couple or one small family!","Bright 4-room apartment with lots of authentic details, comfortably accommodating a couple or one small family! Situated in one of the loveliest areas of Amsterdam (very close to RAI), this gem is nicely decorated, has high ceilings, a wooden floor and is well maintained. Positive vibes, comfy atmosphere! Light sunny en-suite living room, 2 large bedrooms, separate toilet, fully equipped kitchen & bathroom (bathtub & separate shower) and balcony. The first bedroom has a king sized bed, large closet and access to the balcony. The second bedroom has 2 closets and a large desk (and space for an extra king sized bed).  My apartment is fully equipped with everything you can possibly need: * Tons of light (5 windows at the front!) * A lot of closet space * Balcony at the back (access from kitchen and bedroom) * Professionally cleaned (if you like) * Fully stocked & equipped kitchen: dishwasher, gas stove, oven, refrigerator, microwave, espresso coffee maker, toaster, blender, pots, pans, gla","Bright 4-room apartment with lots of authentic details, comfortably accommodating a couple or one small family! Bright 4-room apartment with lots of authentic details, comfortably accommodating a couple or one small family! Situated in one of the loveliest areas of Amsterdam (very close to RAI), this gem is nicely decorated, has high ceilings, a wooden floor and is well maintained. Positive vibes, comfy atmosphere! Light sunny en-suite living room, 2 large bedrooms, separate toilet, fully equipped kitchen & bathroom (bathtub & separate shower) and balcony. The first bedroom has a king sized bed, large closet and access to the balcony. The second bedroom has 2 closets and a large desk (and space for an extra king sized bed).  My apartment is fully equipped with everything you can possibly need: * Tons of light (5 windows at the front!) * A lot of closet space * Balcony at the back (access from kitchen and bedroom) * Professionally cleaned (if you like) * Fully stocked & equipped kitchen","In the heart of the beautiful and rustic Rivierenbuurt, extremely conveniently located close to all major highways (3 minutes by car to A9, A10, A2 & A4) and very close to station RAI (walking distance!) or Amstel (10 minutes by bike). Different trams & buses stop in front of the house and you can find nice shops, bars and restaurants just around the corner (famous Schelde- and Maasstraat). A few minutes cycle to the 'Pijp', 'Oud Zuid' and 15 minutes to City Center.",,"It's strictly non-smoking, and my building does not allow pets. Other than (email hidden)lax & enjoy:-)"
