"Welcome in your own quiet and green apartment  (57m2) in Amsterdam. You will feel at home in this lovely, light place located at the Rembrandt park. Located in the neighbourhood De Baarsjes in Amsterdam West close to the city centre & famous sites of Amsterdam. The minimum stay is 3 nights!","The place is ideal for 1 or 2 persons •A balcony  •Clean sheets, linens, towels provided for each guest •Fully equipped kitchen with  coffee machine •WIFI •Bathroom with shower and toilet (small but functional!) •Bike Rental around the corner €8 for one day •5 min from several bars for lunch and dinner / drink with terrace •5 min from a nice local coffeeshop •Public swimming pool nearby Rembrandtpark •Close to grocery store, shops, bars and restaurants •Central station easily reached by tram 13 and 17 or bus 18 in 10 min •10 to 15 min away from the ‘ Westerpark’ complex The apartment has a private entrance. There is a complete privacy. THE LOCATION: Right on the edge of Amsterdam West. This means that it's a 10 minutes’ walk to Jordaan District, one of the hot spots of Amsterdam. Anne Frank House is only 17minutes away and Dam Square only 10 (all by tram). Furthermore Leidseplein Entertainment Area is a 10 minutes bike ride. Very close to the canal zone! The Public Transport: - We are ","Welcome in your own quiet and green apartment  (57m2) in Amsterdam. You will feel at home in this lovely, light place located at the Rembrandt park. Located in the neighbourhood De Baarsjes in Amsterdam West close to the city centre & famous sites of Amsterdam. The minimum stay is 3 nights! The place is ideal for 1 or 2 persons •A balcony  •Clean sheets, linens, towels provided for each guest •Fully equipped kitchen with  coffee machine •WIFI •Bathroom with shower and toilet (small but functional!) •Bike Rental around the corner €8 for one day •5 min from several bars for lunch and dinner / drink with terrace •5 min from a nice local coffeeshop •Public swimming pool nearby Rembrandtpark •Close to grocery store, shops, bars and restaurants •Central station easily reached by tram 13 and 17 or bus 18 in 10 min •10 to 15 min away from the ‘ Westerpark’ complex The apartment has a private entrance. There is a complete privacy. THE LOCATION: Right on the edge of Amsterdam West. This means th",,,Please note that I only response if you have an profile with some information about yourself!
