"You will love our spacious (90 m2) bright apartment with a monumental view: ""Het Schip"" is an architectural wonder that draws visitors from all over the world. It's on a quiet street, yet close to bars, restaurants, and the cozy Jordaan neighborhood. The Westerpark - good for running, picknicks, festivals - is at walking distance. The beach Zandvoort is only a 30 minute train ride from Amsterdam Central train station.","Our apartment has lots of light, a balcony and an office (or spare bedroom it you come with more than 2). You can play the grand piano if you like - and play with our (very sociable and well behaved) cat as well. When we bought this house, we fell in love with the view: Het Schip is an architectural wonder and has recently re-opened as a museum, highly recommneded. Our own residential complex was totally renovated during 2010/2011, bringing back the colors and brick structure of the original building. Since then the building is listed as a national monument.","You will love our spacious (90 m2) bright apartment with a monumental view: ""Het Schip"" is an architectural wonder that draws visitors from all over the world. It's on a quiet street, yet close to bars, restaurants, and the cozy Jordaan neighborhood. The Westerpark - good for running, picknicks, festivals - is at walking distance. The beach Zandvoort is only a 30 minute train ride from Amsterdam Central train station. Our apartment has lots of light, a balcony and an office (or spare bedroom it you come with more than 2). You can play the grand piano if you like - and play with our (very sociable and well behaved) cat as well. When we bought this house, we fell in love with the view: Het Schip is an architectural wonder and has recently re-opened as a museum, highly recommneded. Our own residential complex was totally renovated during 2010/2011, bringing back the colors and brick structure of the original building. Since then the building is listed as a national monument. You will have","Welcome to the Spaarndammerbuurt! From the beginning of the 1900s, this was the ground zero of social housing in the Netherlands. It is still a very diverse neighborhood, but it has recently been renovated and is now a place where lots of young couples and families reside. Check out the lovey Zaanhof (courtyard) just around the corner of our house, which has a playing ground, and enjoy an afternoon with a book at the fountain. And when it's hot, check out the Bredius open air swimming pool - a 5 minute walk.  There are some great restaurants at walking distance, like Morris & Bella, Freud, Bar Mick and Pinsa's Pizzeria (all on Spaarndammerstraat). Jump on your bicycle and enjoy a fantastic view at the IJ river when dining at Pont 13 (boat) or on the upper floar of REM eiland. The Westerpark is very nearby, good for running, picknicks, festivals. And if you want even more activity, just head to the center, it's close!","From Central Station, walk towards the busstop across the train station. Take bus 22. After about 10 minutes, get off at stop 'Oostzaanstraat'. Cross the street towards Oostzaanstraat. Continue the street until you hit Hembrugstraat, turn right. Our house is on the first block. The walk is about 3 minutes.","Our house comes with our very sweet, but old (17 years) cat Mel. He needs some extra tender loving care at his age and, if you stay more than 2 nights, we recommend you change his litter box... just for your own sake! ;-)  The municipality of Amsterdam has become VERY strict when it comes to Airbnb, so forgive us for being strict, too. We do not allow more than 4 people to stay in our house. Drug use is not allowed. Should we get any complaints of the neighbors during your stay, the reservation will be cancelled immediately, with no refund.  It would be great if you could take out the trash before you leave."
