,"You want to enjoy city life, but also sleep in peace, in a green and safe neighbourhood near the river Amstel, perfect for a bike ride to the countryside or some running or rowing? Then my apartment should be yours. Also very convenient for business travellers, as 'de Rivierenbuurt' is close to the business district Zuidas, World Trade Centre, convention centre Rai and the main traffic ring. Parking fees are still low in this area. The apartment (65m2) is very light, bright and spacious. It's on the top (fourth) floor, so no neighbours need passing by. It has been totally renovated in summer 2011. It offers a big sunny living room, an old style kitchen with new equipment and a bedroom with a king size bed. The toilet and bathroom (with shower and washing machine) are small but convenient and in modern style. There is a room to store your luggage. From the kitchen as well as the bedroom you can enter the balcony, in summer a sea of flowers with a table for two. Enjoy your aperitif in th","You want to enjoy city life, but also sleep in peace, in a green and safe neighbourhood near the river Amstel, perfect for a bike ride to the countryside or some running or rowing? Then my apartment should be yours. Also very convenient for business travellers, as 'de Rivierenbuurt' is close to the business district Zuidas, World Trade Centre, convention centre Rai and the main traffic ring. Parking fees are still low in this area. The apartment (65m2) is very light, bright and spacious. It's on the top (fourth) floor, so no neighbours need passing by. It has been totally renovated in summer 2011. It offers a big sunny living room, an old style kitchen with new equipment and a bedroom with a king size bed. The toilet and bathroom (with shower and washing machine) are small but convenient and in modern style. There is a room to store your luggage. From the kitchen as well as the bedroom you can enter the balcony, in summer a sea of flowers with a table for two. Enjoy your aperitif in th",,,There are only two house rules: please don't smoke and please no loud music. I've a very good relationship with my neighbours and don't want to spoil this. For the rest you are most welcome. My house is yours.
