"25 minutes from the centre, without the hassle and with comfort. Very artistic with alternative tips for exploring the city.","Quiet double room with a double-bed, large table, secure cupboard.  Kitchen with all the facilities, 1.5 bathrooms with private entrance. There is a large living room that can be shared with me. Free wi-fi internet is included.  There are maps, books and guides available free of charge. The neighbourhood is full of green parks and is close to the lake.    This appartment is perfect for those who want to explore Amsterdam beyond the usual 3 canals and a red-light district.  I am a local activist, I collect art and host street art tours in the neighbourhood, where we have an open space gallery, and in the city through the forbidden paths. We are based 25 minutes from the central station with bus 21, 15 minutes from the Schiphol airport and 20 minutes from the Zandvoort beaches with NS train.  Sloterplas park is only 10 minutes walk from the appartment. Trams 7, 14, 13 are 5 minutes walk from the apartment and Bus nr. 21 (and nr. 61) stops directly outside of the door. The apartment is a ","25 minutes from the centre, without the hassle and with comfort. Very artistic with alternative tips for exploring the city. Quiet double room with a double-bed, large table, secure cupboard.  Kitchen with all the facilities, 1.5 bathrooms with private entrance. There is a large living room that can be shared with me. Free wi-fi internet is included.  There are maps, books and guides available free of charge. The neighbourhood is full of green parks and is close to the lake.    This appartment is perfect for those who want to explore Amsterdam beyond the usual 3 canals and a red-light district.  I am a local activist, I collect art and host street art tours in the neighbourhood, where we have an open space gallery, and in the city through the forbidden paths. We are based 25 minutes from the central station with bus 21, 15 minutes from the Schiphol airport and 20 minutes from the Zandvoort beaches with NS train.  Sloterplas park is only 10 minutes walk from the appartment. Trams 7, 14,",,,"I expect the guests to remember that this is a not a business, but a private home.  If anything I see their stay as a cultural flat-share.  I enjoy expanding the opportunities to explore the city of Amsterdam, and the people who stay in the apartment do to."
