,"A house, built around 1960. Box-shape. Nice little forest-like garden in front inclusively a from the street nearly unseen terrace.  A terrace at the backside. East-West situation, sun or shadow: you can choose. Park with rosegarden at the back.  Inside comfortable and cosy living with open kitchen and open door-posssibility at the back.  Central heating and open fire-possibility in the living room. Hot water and central heating are functioning. Many books to use and of course lay back. Upstairs a big and a little sleeping room. Bathroom-ensuite with bath and shower. A study with WIFI-installation. Also a bed. Not far from tram 13 (centre - 20 minutes ride - and Central Station - 30 minutes ride), tram 7 (to musea) and bus 69 as a direct bus to/from Schiphol Airport and to/from Station Sloterdijk. This is great for you, when you are in a hurry to catch your plane. Big park and lake in the neighbourhood. Swimmingpool nearby, in this park. Free parking at the street, in front of the hous","A house, built around 1960. Box-shape. Nice little forest-like garden in front inclusively a from the street nearly unseen terrace.  A terrace at the backside. East-West situation, sun or shadow: you can choose. Park with rosegarden at the back.  Inside comfortable and cosy living with open kitchen and open door-posssibility at the back.  Central heating and open fire-possibility in the living room. Hot water and central heating are functioning. Many books to use and of course lay back. Upstairs a big and a little sleeping room. Bathroom-ensuite with bath and shower. A study with WIFI-installation. Also a bed. Not far from tram 13 (centre - 20 minutes ride - and Central Station - 30 minutes ride), tram 7 (to musea) and bus 69 as a direct bus to/from Schiphol Airport and to/from Station Sloterdijk. This is great for you, when you are in a hurry to catch your plane. Big park and lake in the neighbourhood. Swimmingpool nearby, in this park. Free parking at the street, in front of the hous",,,"- Feel free. - You are allowed to smoke - Be friendly to the neighbour - not too loud music! - Please remove deckbedcovers, when you are leaving - Don't leave plastic bottles.  you can drink from the tap"
