A lovely house in Amsterdam North. Free parking your car at 5 min walking distance. Take the (free) ferry across the IJ and enjoy the view and the water.,Complete house with garden in a quiet street. The bedroom has a twin bed and in the living room I have an one person with a single bed and a 2 person sofa bed.,"A lovely house in Amsterdam North. Free parking your car at 5 min walking distance. Take the (free) ferry across the IJ and enjoy the view and the water. Complete house with garden in a quiet street. The bedroom has a twin bed and in the living room I have an one person with a single bed and a 2 person sofa bed. Guests have access to all areas. It consists of living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. Of course there is also a washing machine. I only having my house for rent when I'm in an other country or city.  The neighborhood is great, with all amenities. 2 supermarkets within walking distance. A cozy cup of tea or a glass of wine at the Wilhelminadok. 6 minute walk to the (free) ferry. But it is more fun to rent bikes and discover Amsterdam during your. Cycling from Amsterdam Noord to Nieuwendammerdijk to Amsterdam Oost I always find amazing you'll pass by nice houses and a beautiful dike with a beautiful view.. The ferry is the easiest way to transport along with the bike. Would","The neighborhood is great, with all amenities. 2 supermarkets within walking distance. A cozy cup of tea or a glass of wine at the Wilhelminadok. 6 minute walk to the (free) ferry. But it is more fun to rent bikes and discover Amsterdam during your. Cycling from Amsterdam Noord to Nieuwendammerdijk to Amsterdam Oost I always find amazing you'll pass by nice houses and a beautiful dike with a beautiful view..","The ferry is the easiest way to transport along with the bike. Would you rather go by bus, you can.","Little things about the house: - First of all, make yourself at home and please leave the apartment as you found it.  And enjoy your stay! - Pets can join as long as they do not come      into the bedroom. - Please do not smoke inside. - I'm do not have super expensive stuff but I am careful with the stuff I have.    I expect this from my guests  as well."
