★ Location - The best ★ Room - Recently renovated in a '16th century' apartment ★ Internet connection - Fastest available ★ SuperHost - AirBnB chosen few ★ Not satisfied? - Money back guaranteed! Be Aware: - The stairway is steep - No kitchen access - Shared bathroom & toilet,The place and room I am offering is uniquely situated in the historical heart (old city center) of Amsterdam. And fits two people comfortably.  The private room is located on the third floor.,★ Location - The best ★ Room - Recently renovated in a '16th century' apartment ★ Internet connection - Fastest available ★ SuperHost - AirBnB chosen few ★ Not satisfied? - Money back guaranteed! Be Aware: - The stairway is steep - No kitchen access - Shared bathroom & toilet The place and room I am offering is uniquely situated in the historical heart (old city center) of Amsterdam. And fits two people comfortably.  The private room is located on the third floor. Main features of the room: - Fast wifi (my internet plan 200 mb / 20 mb) - Easy access to the room without disturbing anyone when entering and exiting the house. - A very comfortable bed (queen size or two single beds) - A decent working table. - Good heather that can be easily adjusted. - Towels and sheets are included - A Smeg mini fridge Interesting fact is that the room is located between the Radisson Blu Hotel (with an average price of 270 euro per night) and Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam (average price of 400 euro ,"My home is in a 16th century monumental house (2 floors) and is situated in a quieter part of Amsterdam's city center, just a few minutes walk from the lively Dam Square, the canals and all the highlight that this great city has to offer. It is the perfect base for travelers who wish to explore Amsterdam’s nightlife. Many not-to-be-missed historic attractions, museums, and theaters are only a short walk from this listing. Both business and leisure guests will appreciate the room’s proximity to the city's excellent public transport system. I can advise guests regarding bus, train and tram service. Top shopping, bicycle rent shops and canal boats are around the corner.",Tram-stop Spui - 400 m (5 minutes walk) Metro stop Nieuwmarkt - 500 m (6 minutes walk) Central Railway Station – 1.1 km (15 minutes walk) Amsterdam Schiphol Airport - 20 km (30 min cab),"CLEAN: I expect my guests to leave my apartment in the same state as it was when they arrived.  RESPECT: Have respect for the fellow AirBnB'er, my neighbors (do not disturb them in anyway) and the host :). As this is a ±400 year old house the neighbors respect each other's privacy in terms of noise pollution, especially at night, so please be considerate.  SAFETY: No open flames are permitted anywhere in the house. That means no smoking or candle burning.  PRIVACY:  I expect my guests to respect my property and not take things with them that do belong to me. If violated, guests will be immediately invited to leave the house and no refund will be granted. I am not a mean person, but feel that in opening my home to offer my guests a more affordable and comfortable vacation experience, my request for privacy should be honored without exception. SECURITY: At the ground floor I placed a camera focused on the street door.  These footages I am allowed to use and/or share if needed.  UNKNOWN P"
