"Located 1,5 km from the Amsterdam historical center in a residential area with many shops, restaurants and 2 parks, this modern, well maintained and recently renewed two rooms apartment has free Internet connection and is fully furnished","J. Leijnsenstraat, 22-I, Amsterdam  Located 1,5 km from the Amsterdam historical center in the neigerhood Landlust West a residential area with many shops, restaurants and 2 parks (Erasmus and Westerpark) nearby, this modern, well maintained and recently renewed two rooms apartment has a beautiful french-oak wooden floor, radiators in each room and a wide west-side balcony facing the quiet internal gardens. The buildings location has easy access to the circle-Ring of Amsterdam and the A10 highway and very well connected with  train station Sloterdijk (direct connection to Schiphol int. Airport and beach) With frequent city bus and tram connections “just around the corner” you have a very good mobility inside - and outside of Amsterdam.  The appartment  includes: Small entrance hall with intercom. Furnished bedroom with wide wardrobe and an incorparated worktable, shelves for extra storage space, bed (120cm), two window-doors with access to the balcony. Furnished room that can be used a","Located 1,5 km from the Amsterdam historical center in a residential area with many shops, restaurants and 2 parks, this modern, well maintained and recently renewed two rooms apartment has free Internet connection and is fully furnished J. Leijnsenstraat, 22-I, Amsterdam  Located 1,5 km from the Amsterdam historical center in the neigerhood Landlust West a residential area with many shops, restaurants and 2 parks (Erasmus and Westerpark) nearby, this modern, well maintained and recently renewed two rooms apartment has a beautiful french-oak wooden floor, radiators in each room and a wide west-side balcony facing the quiet internal gardens. The buildings location has easy access to the circle-Ring of Amsterdam and the A10 highway and very well connected with  train station Sloterdijk (direct connection to Schiphol int. Airport and beach) With frequent city bus and tram connections “just around the corner” you have a very good mobility inside - and outside of Amsterdam.  The appartment ",,,"SMOKING: I prefer no smoking, if you have a hard time living without it!, than only outside on the balcony. We (me and my neigbours) like peace and quietness, so parties and loud music is looked at as non desireable. The advantage is, that I is very nice and quiet. Good night rest garantied. BIKE: The rule of the building is not bringing bikes inside. You have to leave the bike outside and you can lock it as everybody does"
