,,"The Rembrandt van Rijn apartment is located in the Dutch Masters Amsterdam Luxury Apartments building. Eventhough there is no reception desk, the Dutch Masters’ Team is available 24/7 for every emergency. If you just need some help planning fun activities you can swing by the Dutch Masters office at Keizersgracht 535 from Monday to Friday between 9 AM and 5 PM, where we will be happy to assist you. Spiegelkwartier The Spiegelkwartier is the Art and Antiques district in Amsterdam. Here you’ll find more than 70 antiques dealers and art galleries, together offering a resplendent array of fine historical objects, classic and contemporary art, and exotic folk art.  You will find also restaurants, casual eateries and cosy cafés on almost every corner. The Spiegelkwartier is located between the Herengracht and the Rijksmuseum.  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Museum Quarter The Amsterdam Museum Quarter is home to the three most important museums in the Netherlands: the Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk ","Spiegelkwartier The Spiegelkwartier is the Art and Antiques district in Amsterdam. Here you’ll find more than 70 antiques dealers and art galleries, together offering a resplendent array of fine historical objects, classic and contemporary art, and exotic folk art.  You will find also restaurants, casual eateries and cosy cafés on almost every corner. The Spiegelkwartier is located between the Herengracht and the Rijksmuseum.  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Museum Quarter The Amsterdam Museum Quarter is home to the three most important museums in the Netherlands: the Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk Museum and the Van Gogh Museum. It also houses the majestic Concertgebouw and some superb cafés and restaurants.  With its large grassy open area, the Museumplein offers plenty of room to have a picnic or just relax. The Museum Quarter even has its own indoor swimming pool.  And a visit isn’t complete without posing with, or on, the giant Iamsterdam sign.  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Fashion Distric","How to reach the Rembrandt van Rijn apartment at Dutch Masters Amsterdam Luxury Apartments? Transfer Dutch Masters Amsterdam offers special rates (fixed price) for private transfers from and to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operated by Jongsma Taxi Services. 1-3 persons: € 44,00 (one way) 4-8 persons: € 49,00 (one way) For reservations contact the Dutch Masters' Team for further details by email to (Email hidden by Airbnb) Public Transport: • Take the Train from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to Amsterdam Central Station. • From the Amsterdam Central Station take Tram 2, 11 or 12. • Get off at the fifth stop 'Keizersgracht/Leidsestraat'. • Turn left on the Keizersgracht canal and walk 250 meters up to number 580 (3 minutes). For more information about the Amsterdam Public Transport please copy and paste the following URL into the address bar of your web browser: (Website hidden by Airbnb)",
