Near area the pijp and museum square. Really light apartement on the second Floor!,"In the heart of the city, in a nice neighbourhood not far from the vondel parc, museum quarter, the pijp, and also the Amstel, lies this very light and cosy apartment of 70 square metres. The apartment has been completely renovated up to modern standards, with respect for the historical details, just two years ago.  The apartment has a modern kitchen, bathroom with a bath and a shower, cable television, fast wifi, and a washing machine. It has a marvelous view on one of the canals and lies in a busy street near the area museum square and ''the pijp'' (albert cuyp market) and lies in a street near several cafe's and restaurants, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I will be happy to point you to places of interest. Withing walking distance from the apartment lie the Rijksmuseum, the vondel parc, Heineken Experience, Albert Cuyp market, RAI business centre, and within 10 minutes walk you will arrive in the busy shopping street leidse street and many more ","Near area the pijp and museum square. Really light apartement on the second Floor! In the heart of the city, in a nice neighbourhood not far from the vondel parc, museum quarter, the pijp, and also the Amstel, lies this very light and cosy apartment of 70 square metres. The apartment has been completely renovated up to modern standards, with respect for the historical details, just two years ago.  The apartment has a modern kitchen, bathroom with a bath and a shower, cable television, fast wifi, and a washing machine. It has a marvelous view on one of the canals and lies in a busy street near the area museum square and ''the pijp'' (albert cuyp market) and lies in a street near several cafe's and restaurants, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I will be happy to point you to places of interest. Withing walking distance from the apartment lie the Rijksmuseum, the vondel parc, Heineken Experience, Albert Cuyp market, RAI business centre, and within 10 mi",It is really a local area with Nice pubs and everything,You can rent a bike at the Leidse square or take the tram (nummer 5 and 12) stop in front of my house,
