"A romantic recently renovated room in the attic of an old school. Double bed and private bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Coffee and tea and watercooker are available.",,"A romantic recently renovated room in the attic of an old school. Double bed and private bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Coffee and tea and watercooker are available. Our building is situated in Oud-West with many lovely cafés, restaurants, lunchrooms, shops and the lively Ten Katemarket around the corner. On walking distance from Jordaan & Vondelpark & canals. It only takes 5 min by public transport to Museumplein & 10 min to Dam square. Also the entertaintment area Leidseplein, with pubs, clubs, theatre and restaurants, is on walking distance. The best way to come to our place from the airport is by train to Central Station. At Central Station you can take tram 13 or 17 to tramstop ""Bilderdijkstraat"". From there it is only 3 minutes walk to our place. You can also take bus 197 (Airport Express) at Airport/Plaza. It will take 45 minutes to Busstation Elandsgracht. From there it is 5 minutes walk to our house. Tram & busstops to all parts of the city are around the corner. It ta","Our building is situated in Oud-West with many lovely cafés, restaurants, lunchrooms, shops and the lively Ten Katemarket around the corner. On walking distance from Jordaan & Vondelpark & canals. It only takes 5 min by public transport to Museumplein & 10 min to Dam square. Also the entertaintment area Leidseplein, with pubs, clubs, theatre and restaurants, is on walking distance. The best way to come to our place from the airport is by train to Central Station. At Central Station you can take tram 13 or 17 to tramstop ""Bilderdijkstraat"". From there it is only 3 minutes walk to our place. You can also take bus 197 (Airport Express) at Airport/Plaza. It will take 45 minutes to Busstation Elandsgracht. From there it is 5 minutes walk to our house.","Tram & busstops to all parts of the city are around the corner. It takes 15 min by tram to central station. Most easy way to visit our city is by bike, almost everything (Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Damsquare, Anne Frank Museum) is only 5 minutes by bike!",We hope you Will enjoy our place and Will treat it with respect.  No smoking or drugs! Please make sure to turn of ventilation after using the bathroom.  We can welcome you at almost any time. Just let me know in advance at what time you will arrive!
