"My house is a very warm apartment. It is spacious, cozy, warm colours, renovated and light alongside a beautiful canal in a great Amsterdam neighborhood. The apartment is perfectly located in a creative hood!! Close to museum district, Food Hallen, Vondelpark (central park) and many (coffee) bars, green parks and cozy restaurants around it. Public transport is in front of the house (20m) and will bring you everywhere. But of course I recommend you to be local and take the bike or walk :))","This warm apartment is spacious, very cozy and light alongside a beautiful canal. It is located in the Kinkerbuurt, a happening neighbourhoud filled with creativity, fancy shops, cute coffee places and restaurants.  The apartment is fully remodeled in 2012 and it has warm colours. It measures 65 square meters, however it appears even bigger since it has a lot of light. The apartment has windows on three sides of the house, which is rather unique.  The living room contains a sitting area with fireplace (perfect to relax after a day in the city). The open kitchen is classic modern with every appliance you need.  The bedroom is light and has a comfortable bed. Adjacent to the bedroom is the main bathroom. Also this renovated bathroom has a luxurious rainshower, a broad sink and a heated towel rack. The hallway connects all rooms, and there is another separate toilet can be found here as well.  THE NEIGHBOURHOOD The Kinkerbuurt is located in the West part of the city. It combines authentic","My house is a very warm apartment. It is spacious, cozy, warm colours, renovated and light alongside a beautiful canal in a great Amsterdam neighborhood. The apartment is perfectly located in a creative hood!! Close to museum district, Food Hallen, Vondelpark (central park) and many (coffee) bars, green parks and cozy restaurants around it. Public transport is in front of the house (20m) and will bring you everywhere. But of course I recommend you to be local and take the bike or walk :)) This warm apartment is spacious, very cozy and light alongside a beautiful canal. It is located in the Kinkerbuurt, a happening neighbourhoud filled with creativity, fancy shops, cute coffee places and restaurants.  The apartment is fully remodeled in 2012 and it has warm colours. It measures 65 square meters, however it appears even bigger since it has a lot of light. The apartment has windows on three sides of the house, which is rather unique.  The living room contains a sitting area with fireplace","It is located in the Kinkerbuurt, a happening neighborhood filled with creativity and authenticity shops, cute coffee places and many nice restaurants. It is 3 minutes walk to De Hallen Amsterdam: hip, fully decked out market of Amsterdam (with cult cinema, fashion, food and crafts), its is 2 minutes walk to authentic streetmarket 'Ten Kate markt', a 5 minutes walk to the Vondelpark (Amsterdam's ""Central park""), 2 min walk to Jan Pieter Heye straat where you will find  fancy shops, cute bars and coffeeplaces. One of Amsterdam's hippest places is Edel, which is around the corner. Edel has the best terrace of Amsterdam, in the sun at the waterside. Perfect for a coffee, to sit with a newspaper, watch the boats, drink a coffee or enjoy lunch or dinner. Other places that offer a solid value for money such as: Radijs, Fa. Speijkervet, Bar Fier, and Cafe Kostverloren.The supermarket and pharmacy are around the corner. At 30 meters distance of the apartment you will find 2 tram lines that tak","Tram 7 and 17 stops in front of the house. These trams immediately bring you to west, east and center. Also easy to tranfer to go to tram 3, 12, 10 and more. The apartment is very close to the center.. so i recomment to walk and bike :). From airport Schiphol Taxi: from airport will take 15/20 minutes and cost around 30 Euro. By Train: Take the train to Amsterdam Lelylaan (5euro). From there please transfer to Tram 17 and get out at “Witte de Withstraat"" (10 minutes and it cost 3euro). You walk 20meter to the apartment. From Central Station Train Taxi: from CS will take 10/15 minutes and cost around 20 Euro. By Tram: Take tram 17 and get out at “Witte de Withstraat"" (15 minutes and it cost 3euro). You walk 20meter to the apartment. Other public transport in front of the house: Tram 7","No smoking and please treat the house as if it was yours. Most important, enjoy your lovely time in Amsterdam."
