A very light and spacious apartment with a retro look&feel. It is situated on the corner of a shopping street with a great overview from the first floor.,"It's a 10 minutes walk from the beautiful Westerpark with the popular Westergasfabriek area. There are bakeries, groceries, restaurants and culinary multi-culti shops just around the corner.  The apartment is very cosy and contains a modern bathroom, a modern, open kitchen with everything you need inlcuding a stove and dishwasher. You can play the piano when others are sitting around the bar. For lounging there is comfortable couch which is also great for sleeping. If you rent this apartment, it's entirely yours. Around the corner you will find a bus/tram stop which brings you to the centre of Amsterdam in 15 minutes.  Also by car it is very accessible. There is lots parking space in the street and you are just 5 minutes away from the highway (A10). 15 minutes to city centre (bicycle/tram/bus/night bus)  15 minutes to Leidseplein  15 minutes to Van Gogh Museum  1 minute to supermarket (7 days/week, open till 22.00)  1 minute to several public transport means  1 minute to bike rental  1","A very light and spacious apartment with a retro look&feel. It is situated on the corner of a shopping street with a great overview from the first floor. It's a 10 minutes walk from the beautiful Westerpark with the popular Westergasfabriek area. There are bakeries, groceries, restaurants and culinary multi-culti shops just around the corner.  The apartment is very cosy and contains a modern bathroom, a modern, open kitchen with everything you need inlcuding a stove and dishwasher. You can play the piano when others are sitting around the bar. For lounging there is comfortable couch which is also great for sleeping. If you rent this apartment, it's entirely yours. Around the corner you will find a bus/tram stop which brings you to the centre of Amsterdam in 15 minutes.  Also by car it is very accessible. There is lots parking space in the street and you are just 5 minutes away from the highway (A10). 15 minutes to city centre (bicycle/tram/bus/night bus)  15 minutes to Leidseplein  15 ","I really love my neighbourhood. It's just outside the touristic chaos of the city centre and close to the Westergasfabriek aera, which is the new hip place in Amsterdam. It used to be an old gas factory dating from 1885 which is now turned into a cultural area with bars, restaurants, galleries, there is even a small cinema in the old factory style. The old dutch architecture is still intact and creates a great mix with modern interior and design. All of this is in the middle of a park. (Hidden by Airbnb) ""Westergasfabriek"", you will love this exclusive bit of Amsterdam after you have seen the canals and the old history in the city centre. ","busses and trams go to the city centre every 10 minutes. It's just around the corner on Bos en Lommerweg. In the apartment there is huge (3x4meters) map on the wall where you figure out where to go. get an ""OV chipcard"" when you are on Schiphol Airport or one of the train stations and you're good to go for all public transport.  You can also take a taxi, there is one company for all taxi's, order them via (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) .","There are a lot of intstruments in the apartment. A piano, harmonium organ and an acoustic guitar. Feel free to play them, but consider the neighbours after midnight.  Smoking is NOT allowed inside the apartment."
