"Lovely, cosy renovated 2 storey house in the centre of Amsterdam. Just on the edge of the red light district and the Nieuwmarkt with nice cafes and restaurants. It has a comfortable 2 pers. bedroom and is a 10 min. walk from central station.",Lovely renovated house in the centre of Amsterdam. Just on the edge of the red light district and the Nieuwmarkt. This 2 storey house has the bathroom and bedroom on the first floor. On the second floor there is a spacious living room with kitchen. We have one bedroom with a 2-persons bed.,"Lovely, cosy renovated 2 storey house in the centre of Amsterdam. Just on the edge of the red light district and the Nieuwmarkt with nice cafes and restaurants. It has a comfortable 2 pers. bedroom and is a 10 min. walk from central station. Lovely renovated house in the centre of Amsterdam. Just on the edge of the red light district and the Nieuwmarkt. This 2 storey house has the bathroom and bedroom on the first floor. On the second floor there is a spacious living room with kitchen. We have one bedroom with a 2-persons bed. There is a washing machine present, which you can use. We live between the nieuwmarkt and the red light district. Our street is a very quiet, lovely, green street were you can sit in front of the house in the sun. On the nieuwmarkt are many nice café's and bars to enjoy the Dutch beers. The Dam square is a 10 minute walk, so if you want to go shopping or visit the Royal palace, it is easily reached by foot. On the nieuwmarkt (5 min walk) there is a metro station.","We live between the nieuwmarkt and the red light district. Our street is a very quiet, lovely, green street were you can sit in front of the house in the sun. On the nieuwmarkt are many nice café's and bars to enjoy the Dutch beers. The Dam square is a 10 minute walk, so if you want to go shopping or visit the Royal palace, it is easily reached by foot.",On the nieuwmarkt (5 min walk) there is a metro station. On the Dam square (10 min walk) are many trams stopping by. The central train station of Amsterdam is only a 10-minute walk away.,We love our house and expect our guests to treat it the way we treat it. We do not allow smoking in our house.
