,"Your home away from home... This cute and romantic two floor apartment, located on the 3rd floor in a 17th century house, is situated in the center of Amsterdam on one of the most beautiful canals of Amsterdam, the Herengracht. It has a fantastic view and will make you feel right at home. The apartment has a surface of approx. 60 square meters divided over two floors. The kitchen, dining area, bedroom, bathroom (incl toilet) are situated on the first floor. Upstairs you’ll find the living area. If necessary it is possible to put an aerobed in the living area. The kitchen is equipped with oven/microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso, cooker and magimix. There is Wi-Fi free of charge. NEIGHBOURHOOD The apartment is located within walking distance of The Jordaan, one of Amsterdam’s most popular areas. Here you can find boutique shops, cosy restaurants/ bars and on Mondays (flea market) and Saturdays (biological market) you have a great market on the Noordermarkt just around the ","Your home away from home... This cute and romantic two floor apartment, located on the 3rd floor in a 17th century house, is situated in the center of Amsterdam on one of the most beautiful canals of Amsterdam, the Herengracht. It has a fantastic view and will make you feel right at home. The apartment has a surface of approx. 60 square meters divided over two floors. The kitchen, dining area, bedroom, bathroom (incl toilet) are situated on the first floor. Upstairs you’ll find the living area. If necessary it is possible to put an aerobed in the living area. The kitchen is equipped with oven/microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso, cooker and magimix. There is Wi-Fi free of charge. NEIGHBOURHOOD The apartment is located within walking distance of The Jordaan, one of Amsterdam’s most popular areas. Here you can find boutique shops, cosy restaurants/ bars and on Mondays (flea market) and Saturdays (biological market) you have a great market on the Noordermarkt just around the ",,,Please take off the bedlinen before you leave. You can just leave it on the bed or on the floor.
