"Beautiful apartment in the middle of the Pijp (centrally located in Amsterdam), a neighbourhood well known for its bar's restaurants, the Albert Cuyp market and the Sarphati park. The apartment has been renovated just 2 years ago and offers everything you may wish for during your stay in Amsterdam.","Summary My apartment is in the perfect location, famous for its cafe's, restaurants, bars and Albert Cuyp market - all located within 5 minutes of the appartment. A traditional dutch 1900's apartment with the possibility to accommodate up to 4 people, modern interior including a beautiful kitchen, nice bathroom and double doors to the balcony . The Space The apartment has a spacious, modern and open plan kitchen and a nice bathroom. Leading off the lounge is a balcony which overlooks a beautifull garden in the backyard. In the summer you will be able to have dinner on the balcony in the sun. It is well decorated and everything is new, so all modern appliances are available (including a well equiped kitchen). The bedroom has a double bed (1 matrass) and we have a second room, which can be turned into another comfortable bedroom with 2 beds (please see the pictures). Please note that the second bed room is smaller than the first. ","Beautiful apartment in the middle of the Pijp (centrally located in Amsterdam), a neighbourhood well known for its bar's restaurants, the Albert Cuyp market and the Sarphati park. The apartment has been renovated just 2 years ago and offers everything you may wish for during your stay in Amsterdam. Summary My apartment is in the perfect location, famous for its cafe's, restaurants, bars and Albert Cuyp market - all located within 5 minutes of the appartment. A traditional dutch 1900's apartment with the possibility to accommodate up to 4 people, modern interior including a beautiful kitchen, nice bathroom and double doors to the balcony . The Space The apartment has a spacious, modern and open plan kitchen and a nice bathroom. Leading off the lounge is a balcony which overlooks a beautifull garden in the backyard. In the summer you will be able to have dinner on the balcony in the sun. It is well decorated and everything is new, so all modern appliances are available (including a well ",Neighbourhood The beautiful Sarphatipark and Albert Cuyp market - the most famous day market in Amsterdam - are a few minutes walk away. The Rijksmuseum and Vondelpark are just 10 minutes by bike and there is a bike rental shop a few doors down the road. Very frequent trams will take you right into the centre. There are bike rental facilities close by. With the bikes you can reach every interesting part of Amsterdam easily.,Regular trams to everywhere are just around the corner.,"- Please respect the neighbors.  - No loud music or partying after 10 pm.  - No open fire in the house. - No other guests allowed in the apartment. - Please leave all alcoholic drinks untouched, but feel free to use (and refill) any other products. - Treat the apartment with the same care as if it were your own. Inform me if anything gets broken so that I can take care of it."
