"Feel very welcome in our newly renovated apartment in the lively Oud-West, 'Soho' of Amsterdam! The spacious place is situated right next to the Vondelpark and very close to all hotspots in Amsterdam. 5 min from Leidse square, 10 min from Dam square.","Feel free to make use of our entire apartment, including spacious living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and balcony. Great place to hang after a long day of sightseeing!","Feel very welcome in our newly renovated apartment in the lively Oud-West, 'Soho' of Amsterdam! The spacious place is situated right next to the Vondelpark and very close to all hotspots in Amsterdam. 5 min from Leidse square, 10 min from Dam square. Feel free to make use of our entire apartment, including spacious living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and balcony. Great place to hang after a long day of sightseeing! Our apartment is on the second floor and can be accessed by a shared staircase. The stairs are very broad and easily accessible. I’ll be happy to provide you with any tips you need and will be there to help whenever required. Oud-West is considered the Soho of Amsterdam. The area is relatively quiet with lots of families, yet vibey and has tons of bars and restaurants. You will need to visit the Ten Kate market 5 mins away, with great fresh fish, meat, fruit and veggies. And with Vondelpark on a 2 mins walk you’ll breath the green lungs of Amsterdam too! There’s plenty o","Oud-West is considered the Soho of Amsterdam. The area is relatively quiet with lots of families, yet vibey and has tons of bars and restaurants. You will need to visit the Ten Kate market 5 mins away, with great fresh fish, meat, fruit and veggies. And with Vondelpark on a 2 mins walk you’ll breath the green lungs of Amsterdam too!","There’s plenty of parking space in the neighborhood, however parking is paid in Amsterdam, except for Sunday’s. Uber works great here, although you will be cheaper off taking a tram. Public transport takes 20 mins to Schiphol and tram 1 stops on 2 mins from the apartment.",
