"Spacious romantic appartment in ""old South"" near the Museumsquare. And for the first time on Airbnb. The ideal place to stay for your city trip in Amsterdam. You have access to the whole house,  kitchen, bathroom and toilet, bedroom and livingroom.","Spacious romantic appartment in ""old South"" near the Museumsquare. First time on Airbnb for me and my girlfriend, so really curious to welcome our first guests. The ideal place to stay for your city trip in Amsterdam. You have access to the whole house,  kitchen, bathroom and toilet, bedroom and livingroom. As you can see on the pictures, I have a huge boxpspring bed (210cm long and 200cm wide)  where you are need to set the alarmclock otherwise you will oversleep...:) The appartment is on the groundfloor.","Spacious romantic appartment in ""old South"" near the Museumsquare. And for the first time on Airbnb. The ideal place to stay for your city trip in Amsterdam. You have access to the whole house,  kitchen, bathroom and toilet, bedroom and livingroom. Spacious romantic appartment in ""old South"" near the Museumsquare. First time on Airbnb for me and my girlfriend, so really curious to welcome our first guests. The ideal place to stay for your city trip in Amsterdam. You have access to the whole house,  kitchen, bathroom and toilet, bedroom and livingroom. As you can see on the pictures, I have a huge boxpspring bed (210cm long and 200cm wide)  where you are need to set the alarmclock otherwise you will oversleep...:) The appartment is on the groundfloor. And only 5 minutes walk away from the most beautiful park of the city, Vondelpark. When you cross the park you'll arrive in the most lively part of the city. Here begins the shopping area of the town. If you prefer nice local restaurants t","And only 5 minutes walk away from the most beautiful park of the city, Vondelpark. When you cross the park you'll arrive in the most lively part of the city. Here begins the shopping area of the town. If you prefer nice local restaurants there is plenty of choice just around the corner. On the museumsquare you will find directly next to eachother 3 of the must see museums in Amsterdam ( Rijksmuseum, Van Goghmuseum and Stedelijkmuseum (modern art). Even Barack Obama likes this place: (URL HIDDEN) With a bike or public transport you will be in 15 minutes biking to the Leidse Square, what can be defined as the heart of the city. Closeby (additional 5 minutes biking) you will find the Jordaan for good atmosphere, restaurants, Anne Frank museum and nice canal views.",From the airport it takes only 25 minutes by public transport (trainstation Amsterdam Zuid) or 20 minutes by taxi.  In 2 minutes walk from the house there is a tram and bus station with bus/tram departing every 5-10 minutes to all directions. Another way to travel in Amsterdam is by bike. 5 minutes walking from the house there is a bike rental shop (black bikes olympic stadion) (URL HIDDEN),
