"The best spot in the city, more city centre isn’t possible.","The Romantic Houseboat is an antique boat converted in to a small but very comfortable apartment. The style of the house can only be discribed as uncluttered 'old amsterdam' style. Located only ten minutes walk from Dam square, the boat is surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, bars and markets. Rembrandt plein, Waterloo plein market and Amsterdam's Stopera (the principal opera house) are all in view from the apartment which means that even a spontaneous stroll through the nighbourhood could turn most exiting. As its a boat you get to see Amsterdam from a very unique prespective and truly enjoy the canals in a romantic way. Street musicians do choose to perform near the market due to it's creative nature so it is possible you would find yourself waking up to the sound of violins.","The best spot in the city, more city centre isn’t possible. The Romantic Houseboat is an antique boat converted in to a small but very comfortable apartment. The style of the house can only be discribed as uncluttered 'old amsterdam' style. Located only ten minutes walk from Dam square, the boat is surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, bars and markets. Rembrandt plein, Waterloo plein market and Amsterdam's Stopera (the principal opera house) are all in view from the apartment which means that even a spontaneous stroll through the nighbourhood could turn most exiting. As its a boat you get to see Amsterdam from a very unique prespective and truly enjoy the canals in a romantic way. Street musicians do choose to perform near the market due to it's creative nature so it is possible you would find yourself waking up to the sound of violins. You can always call me 24/7 Redlight district, Waterlooplein market, everything is close and you can walk to from the boat Best way is walking ... be","Redlight district, Waterlooplein market, everything is close and you can walk to from the boat",Best way is walking ... becorse the boat is Rally central you can walk everywhere.... but fun to do is definitely rent a bike 🚲,
