"Welcome to our unique, typical Dutch apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. You'll have a wonderful time in our double floor, two bedroom apartment! It's right around the corner of all the famous museums, surrounded by great bars, fantastic restaurants and, of course, the beautiful canals.  You'll be able to explore all of Amsterdam's highlights on foot. Take a stroll in Vondelpark, about 5 minutes from the apartment, or walk down to Dam square, a 15-minute walk.","Because of it's lay-out, the place is perfect for couples, families and working people visiting Amsterdam for having either a relaxing or cultural time.  Because the place is in such a good and complete condition, and all amenities are there, the apartment suits for both short- and longer stay. Fully equipped, including a kitchen, cosy living room, modern bathroom, free cable TV and free and wireless internet.  There are two private bedrooms with 2 single beds each. The beds can be moved together or apart.  The flat is located on the second and third floor of the building.  First floor: bedroom nr 1, kitchen and small living room.  Second floor: bedroom nr 2, bathroom. Be prepared to climb steep, narrow Amsterdam steps; they are not for the faint of heart or anyone with any mobility issues.  This private B&B apartment is centrally located in the 'Spiegelkwartier’. This is a neighborhood loved for its many art and antique galleries, monumental houses and romantic canals. The flat is wit","Welcome to our unique, typical Dutch apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. You'll have a wonderful time in our double floor, two bedroom apartment! It's right around the corner of all the famous museums, surrounded by great bars, fantastic restaurants and, of course, the beautiful canals.  You'll be able to explore all of Amsterdam's highlights on foot. Take a stroll in Vondelpark, about 5 minutes from the apartment, or walk down to Dam square, a 15-minute walk. Because of it's lay-out, the place is perfect for couples, families and working people visiting Amsterdam for having either a relaxing or cultural time.  Because the place is in such a good and complete condition, and all amenities are there, the apartment suits for both short- and longer stay. Fully equipped, including a kitchen, cosy living room, modern bathroom, free cable TV and free and wireless internet.  There are two private bedrooms with 2 single beds each. The beds can be moved together or apart.  The flat is located ","The apartment is located in an amazing neighborhood: just 500 meters from the Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum. It’s less than a 5 minutes walk to the Leidseplein or Rembrandtplein (‘plein’ means ‘square’) where you will find tons of bars and clubs. The neighbourhood ‘Spiegelkwartier’ is an absolute must for lovers of art, antiques and curiosities. The area has been at the heart of the Dutch art and antiques trade for over 80 years. A lot of galleries are located in the same street as the apartment.","Please leave your car at home. Parking is very expensive (5 euro per hour, 24/7) and finding a parking place is like winning the lottery. Public transportation is the best way to get around. Or do as the Dutch do and experience Amsterdam by bike. Our neighbors rent out bikes.","No smoking. No drugs.  Amsterdam is a party city, but this is not a party apartment. We ask you not to bring other people, not to play loud music after 9PM and be considerate of our neighbors.  Also, this is not a houserule - but please note that the stairways are VERY steep. Most people find this entertaining and authentic - but if you have trouble walking, this is not the right place for you."
