"This apartment is the perfect place to stay for a couple, families, or small groups of friends. The house has a very natural and comfortable vibe. Experience the romance of a bedroom connected to a private roof terrace!","This apartment never lost it's traditional romantic atmosphere with its high ceilings with wooden beams, and original wooden floor. The best part of the house is the bedroom, which is directly connected to a private roof terras. The roof terras is flanked by a beautiful Maple tree.","This apartment is the perfect place to stay for a couple, families, or small groups of friends. The house has a very natural and comfortable vibe. Experience the romance of a bedroom connected to a private roof terrace! This apartment never lost it's traditional romantic atmosphere with its high ceilings with wooden beams, and original wooden floor. The best part of the house is the bedroom, which is directly connected to a private roof terras. The roof terras is flanked by a beautiful Maple tree. The whole apartment will be accessible for guests during their stay. There is: - WIFI  - Television - Washing Machine - a New Oven - BBQ on the Roof Terrace in summer! I reach out to all my guests personally. They will be introduced to the apartment by me or one of my neighbours, if I'm not in town (they are the best!).  I will not stay in the apartment myself while my guests are here. The apartment is situated next to the Westerpark in the very ambient Staatsliedenbuurt. The Westerpark has m","The apartment is situated next to the Westerpark in the very ambient Staatsliedenbuurt. The Westerpark has many festivals in summer, sunday markets during weekends, lot's of cozy bars, and a vibrant nightlife all year round.  It's close to the popular Jordaan area (10min. walk, 3min. bike) and not far from the City Centre (less than 10min. by bike).","The bus (#21) from Amsterdam Central Station stops at a 1 minute walk from the front door.  Tramline #10 runs trough the street, which connects West and East Amsterdam. If you don't mind walking you could also walk from the Central Station (25 min.), it's a nice walk I personally like.",It is not allowed to bring any guests outside of the booking.  Please clean the apartment before you leave.  Smoking in house is not allowed but there are two balconies and a roof terrace ;)
