"Wonderful and spacious, modern apartment located very close to the center of Amsterdam in the famous 'de Baarsjes neighborhood. This area is well-known for its hip and happening bars and restaurants. Public transportation is right around the corner. This amazing apartment has one bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with a lovely dining area and a modern bathroom, a kitchen with free coffee and tea, a balcony and a very big rooftop terrace.",rooftop apartment apartment in Amsterdam,"Wonderful and spacious, modern apartment located very close to the center of Amsterdam in the famous 'de Baarsjes neighborhood. This area is well-known for its hip and happening bars and restaurants. Public transportation is right around the corner. This amazing apartment has one bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with a lovely dining area and a modern bathroom, a kitchen with free coffee and tea, a balcony and a very big rooftop terrace. rooftop apartment apartment in Amsterdam During my holidays my apartment is available for your holiday! De Baarsjes is very much on the rise as an up-and-coming Amsterdam neighbourhood with a population that is both young and multicultural. Situated remarkably close to the city centre and with plenty of green, the area is attractive for families, artists and young professionals alike. Highlights It may have taken the rest of Amsterdam many years to notice, but De Baarsjes is remarkably close to the city centre. It’s not only minutes awa","De Baarsjes is very much on the rise as an up-and-coming Amsterdam neighbourhood with a population that is both young and multicultural. Situated remarkably close to the city centre and with plenty of green, the area is attractive for families, artists and young professionals alike. Highlights It may have taken the rest of Amsterdam many years to notice, but De Baarsjes is remarkably close to the city centre. It’s not only minutes away from Vondelpark, but it also has its own green and rambling Rembrandtpark. Off the commercial shopping boulevard Jan Evertsenstraat there’s an open air market on Vespuccistraat. An active policy of creating ‘cultural breeding grounds’ has seen the rise of such multifunctional arts centres such as Het Sieraard and Meneer de Wit, as well as the gallery street, Witte de Withstraat, all of whom work closely with the community on arts and culture projects. Eating, drinking, etc Since the neighbourhood was built in the 1920s when bars and cafes were more taboo","From trainstation Amsterdam Sloterdijk 7 minutes by bus (bus number 15, stop: Mercatorplein). Ten minutes from Amsterdam airport Schiphol.",
