"Bright, comfortable apartment of 75 m2 in a tranquil, green location in the trendy district of Amsterdam-Oost. Enjoy the sunny rooftop terrace, or stroll down the street to visit one of the cozy restaurants and cafes. Parks and Amstel Station at walking distance, center nearby!","The appartment is perfectly suitable to host a family up to 5 persons, or two couples. It is very bright and has two bedrooms. Master bedroom: bed with two mattresses 180 * 220 cm. Second bedroom: mattress of 160 * 210 cm. One extra single bed if needed. New luxurious bathroom and a separate toilet. Living and kitchen both give access to balcony. Separate access to a spacious sunny rooftop garden (25 m2) with lovely lounge area!","Bright, comfortable apartment of 75 m2 in a tranquil, green location in the trendy district of Amsterdam-Oost. Enjoy the sunny rooftop terrace, or stroll down the street to visit one of the cozy restaurants and cafes. Parks and Amstel Station at walking distance, center nearby! The appartment is perfectly suitable to host a family up to 5 persons, or two couples. It is very bright and has two bedrooms. Master bedroom: bed with two mattresses 180 * 220 cm. Second bedroom: mattress of 160 * 210 cm. One extra single bed if needed. New luxurious bathroom and a separate toilet. Living and kitchen both give access to balcony. Separate access to a spacious sunny rooftop garden (25 m2) with lovely lounge area! No rooms are shared with other guests. The house is private. Guests have access to all areas except for a small private room I can easily be reached and respond quickly to requests. The city center of Amsterdam is 10 minutes away by bike. At 3 minutes walking distance one finds two super","The city center of Amsterdam is 10 minutes away by bike. At 3 minutes walking distance one finds two supermarkets and several nice restaurants. It takes a 5 to 10 minutes walk to two parks, lots of cafes, some nice shopping areas and a boat rental, where you can start your private boat tour on the river Amstel and through the canals.","The Amstel Station is nearby. Trains, metro and bus/tram are leaving to the city and the rest of the country. Cars can be parked in the street. Paid parking from Monday through Saturday. On Sundays, parking is free.  There are P+R parking lots in the city where you can park up to four days for 8 Euros per day. The P+R are easily accessible by public transportation. Check the website Park and Ride Amsterdam. The nearest P+R is: P+R Zeeburg I and II, Zuiderzeeweg 46 1095 KJ Amsterdam; at Piet Heintunnel, capacity: 250, from A10 exit S114, communication with the centre of Amsterdam: tram: 26, bus 37, 245. There is a bicycle rental at the Casa Hotel at a 3 minutes walk.",I expect that my guests are very proper and hope that they leave the house as it was on the first day of arriving. Bathroom: When showering use the ventilator en always keep the window open in the summer. Smoking: Smoking in the house is not allowed. On the terrras it is not a problem. Kitchen: Don't clean the pans en gasequipement with hard materials. Animals are not allowed
