"Room on top floor in a quiet, green, upcoming neighborhood for 1, 2 or 3 people. You'll find everything you need for a pleasant stay. Great connections to all parts of the city, train 5 min to center. Before you book, please contact me to a) check availability, b) introduce yourselves, c) shed some light on the reason you'll visit Amsterdam. To ensure a 5 star experience (and review :-))please read through my entire listing to ensure your expectations align with what I provide.","Hi, my name is Nadia! Before you book, please contact me to a) check availability, b) introduce yourselves (name, age, profession), c) shed some light on the reason you'll visit Amsterdam. And please read my house rules before you book, to make sure my offer suits your needs. I rent out this bedroom in an apartment on the top (2nd) floor of my house that is located in a quiet zone in  Amsterdam. You can use the kitchen and the bathroom on this floor as well (we don’t use it), so you'll have a lot of privacy. I also rent out the other bedroom in the top floor, so you share the bathroom and kitchen with the guest in the other bedroom. The apartment is light and fully furnished. If you watch streetview it gives you a wrong impression: it shows a street with flats, while in my street we only have family houses. See my pictures for a more accurate view of the street. I work during the day, and my daughter is a student. We need to be focused, so our sleep is important for us. That's why we p","Room on top floor in a quiet, green, upcoming neighborhood for 1, 2 or 3 people. You'll find everything you need for a pleasant stay. Great connections to all parts of the city, train 5 min to center. Before you book, please contact me to a) check availability, b) introduce yourselves, c) shed some light on the reason you'll visit Amsterdam. To ensure a 5 star experience (and review :-))please read through my entire listing to ensure your expectations align with what I provide. Hi, my name is Nadia! Before you book, please contact me to a) check availability, b) introduce yourselves (name, age, profession), c) shed some light on the reason you'll visit Amsterdam. And please read my house rules before you book, to make sure my offer suits your needs. I rent out this bedroom in an apartment on the top (2nd) floor of my house that is located in a quiet zone in  Amsterdam. You can use the kitchen and the bathroom on this floor as well (we don’t use it), so you'll have a lot of privacy. I a","We live in a quiet and green zone in Amsterdam with friendly, internationally oriented neighbors. There is a good sense of community and it's a very safe area. You will enjoy a good nights' rest in our house as there won't be any city noises to keep you from sleeping. And during the day you will be able to reach the center very quick and easy. Part of our neighborhood is really upcoming and some of the restaurants in the area are definitely worth a visit.","My house is very well connected to the city center and the airport.  My house is situated between train station Amsterdam Sloterdijk (with busses, trams and metro's) and metro station Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan (with busses and trams). The house is very well connected to the centre of Amsterdam: depending on the means of transport you can be in the Central Station in 5 (train from Sloterdijk) to 15 (tram or bus) minutes. Or you could rent a bike, of course :-) From the airport Schiphol, a train ride to Sloterdijk station will be 11 minutes (get out at the second stop). You can also take bus 69 from Schiphol to Sloterdijk, if you already buy the 48- or 98 hour tickets for tram, bus and metro in Amsterdam. From train station Sloterdijk to Amsterdam Central Station is a 5 minute train ride.  Tram 12 from station Sloterdijk will take you to the museum square in 20 - 25 minutes. Tram  14 from Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan will take you to the heart of the center in 12 - 15 minutes. From this sta","I welcome and respect all guests, regardless of race, culture, sexual orientation, gender or spiritual preference and I assume my guests share these values. Respect the place, the family and the neighbors.  Be considerate of the other guest in the apartment and leave the shared areas (kitchen and bathroom) tidy when you are done using them. No parties or pets in the house.  No smoking and drug use allowed in the house.  If you've broken anything, I'd like to know, so I can replace or fix it for the next guest. If you have any problem with the room or the amenities, please tell me so I can do something about it. I really appreciate it if you don't leave a mess in the room when you leave. This will be reflected in your review. Unbooked/unregistered guests on the property are grounds for immediate cancellation for trespassing. Finally, if you don't follow the house rules and your behavior is very bad, I may not only have to remove you from the house without financial restitution for remai"
