"Centrally located  private room with shower/wc. Almost all city highlights within walking distance. Restaurants, bars,shops, theaters and live music clubs around the corner.(Leidseplein)!","Cosy, well equipped room with private bathroom right in the city center. There is a double bed and a convertibale sofa for a third person (+25 euro), which sometimes can be useful, but not ideal . You can be by yourself,   the room is very private. Free tea or coffee is provided and drinks may be refrigerated in the mini bar. In the bathroom you'll find towels, soap, shampoo and a hairdryer. There is radio, tv with various channels in your own language, a DVD player and internetacces through WI-FI. You'll find a small library in your room where you may exchange books. On my page you can share your experiences with others.","Centrally located  private room with shower/wc. Almost all city highlights within walking distance. Restaurants, bars,shops, theaters and live music clubs around the corner.(Leidseplein)! Cosy, well equipped room with private bathroom right in the city center. There is a double bed and a convertibale sofa for a third person (+25 euro), which sometimes can be useful, but not ideal . You can be by yourself,   the room is very private. Free tea or coffee is provided and drinks may be refrigerated in the mini bar. In the bathroom you'll find towels, soap, shampoo and a hairdryer. There is radio, tv with various channels in your own language, a DVD player and internetacces through WI-FI. You'll find a small library in your room where you may exchange books. On my page you can share your experiences with others. The room is located on the top floor of a 19th century building and is only accessible via a steep staircase. If you are infirm or traveling with large suitcases, this could be a pro","Depending on what you'd prefer the heart of the historical citycenter will surprise you with art in its numerous museums ( good idea to make reservations online), offer you rock concerts at legendary venues like the Paradiso or the Melkweg  (Milky Way), allow you to party in one of the many clubs, have a picnic at the Vondelpark, go shopping, admire the architecture from a canal boat or enjoy a nice dinner. There are endless opportunities.","There is a direct bus service (397) from Schiphol airport to the Leidseplein (taking half an hour). From the central railwaystation it's a 10 minutes tram ride (tram 1, 2 or 5) . Please note that in many places but certainly all public transport can only be paid by debit card! All public transport, taxi, canal boats and bike rental within easy reach. Parking fee on the street is 4 euro per hour(!) from 9 AM to 12 PM.",The room is situated in a private house with various apartments. I take it for granted that my guests understand that they should not bother the neighbours and act safely. No smoking. No drugs.
