Light and cosy room within a lovely 1920s apartment for a quiet and relaxed professional.,"This apartment is my pride and joy and has been beautifully decorated by its owner. The creaky floorboards, stone flooring in the shared kitchen and bathroom together with the custom made wooden kitchen gives this apartment a unique cottage feel.  Southfacing balcony overlooking expansive greenery, you can hear the occasional soft prayer from the neighboring mosque.  AMENITIES The apartment is situated in a great neighborhood with some fantastic restaurants, bars and cafes within walking distance.  15 minutes to Central Station with tram 13, 10 minutes to Leidseplein with tram 7.","Light and cosy room within a lovely 1920s apartment for a quiet and relaxed professional. This apartment is my pride and joy and has been beautifully decorated by its owner. The creaky floorboards, stone flooring in the shared kitchen and bathroom together with the custom made wooden kitchen gives this apartment a unique cottage feel.  Southfacing balcony overlooking expansive greenery, you can hear the occasional soft prayer from the neighboring mosque.  AMENITIES The apartment is situated in a great neighborhood with some fantastic restaurants, bars and cafes within walking distance.  15 minutes to Central Station with tram 13, 10 minutes to Leidseplein with tram 7. Guests will have access to bathroom and kitchen. The guest will be sharing my apartment with me, the resident. The room is located in a fantastic neighborhood, the Baarsjes. It's Amsterdam's answer to New York's Williamsburg or London's Hackney, with some of the best restaurants and cafes located within walking distance. ","The room is located in a fantastic neighborhood, the Baarsjes. It's Amsterdam's answer to New York's Williamsburg or London's Hackney, with some of the best restaurants and cafes located within walking distance.","Transport connections are great, tram 7 to Leidseplein stops around the corner together with the 13 tram for Central Station and the 12 tram for the Amstel.","I'm looking for a quiet, friendly and clean house guest!"
