"Room to rent in my houseboat. The room has a private sink, shower and a toilet just next to the room. The houseboat is brandnew, 2 layers in the centre of Amsterdam and has 150m2. It contains a big modern kitchen and living room with fireplace. These spaces are also open to use.  Outside it has 2 big terraces and 2 balconies. One side is glass and the houseboat is very light. The decoration is design furniture and all is brand new. I have 2 cats but they have their toilet outside.","Room to rent in my houseboat. The room has a private sink, shower and a toilet just next to the room. The houseboat is brandnew, 2 layers in the centre of Amsterdam and has 150m2. It contains a big modern kitchen and living room with fireplace. These spaces are also open to use.  Outside it has 2 big terraces and 2 balconies. One side is glass and the houseboat is very light. The decoration is design furniture and all is brand new. I have 2 cats but they have their toilet outside. Public transport is nearby and you can walk into the Jordaan in 5 minutes. Near my place there are several breakfast places als well. Bus 21 around the corner Will bring you to central station in 10 minutes.","Room to rent in my houseboat. The room has a private sink, shower and a toilet just next to the room. The houseboat is brandnew, 2 layers in the centre of Amsterdam and has 150m2. It contains a big modern kitchen and living room with fireplace. These spaces are also open to use.  Outside it has 2 big terraces and 2 balconies. One side is glass and the houseboat is very light. The decoration is design furniture and all is brand new. I have 2 cats but they have their toilet outside. Room to rent in my houseboat. The room has a private sink, shower and a toilet just next to the room. The houseboat is brandnew, 2 layers in the centre of Amsterdam and has 150m2. It contains a big modern kitchen and living room with fireplace. These spaces are also open to use.  Outside it has 2 big terraces and 2 balconies. One side is glass and the houseboat is very light. The decoration is design furniture and all is brand new. I have 2 cats but they have their toilet outside. Public transport is nearby a",It is just outside the Jordan in between the canals and the Westerpark.,Bus 21 is a 2 minute walk.  Tram 10 is a 5 minute walk.,No smoking inside.
