"Ons huis (180m) ligt ten Zuiden van het centrum van Amsterdam vlak bij het museumplein, het Concertgebouw en het (URL HIDDEN) een stille zijstraat van de Beethovenstraat.","Spacious apartment on two levels with a large garden,two balconies and all necessary provisions. On the ground floor there is a specious livingroom including an television with internet, wifi and a fire place. Also situated on the ground floor are the dining room, the kitchen, a toilet and a balcony. On the first floor there are three bedrooms, two rooms with a double and one with a single bed. The bathroom includes a shower and a bathtub. Another balcony and toilet are also on the first floor.","Ons huis (180m) ligt ten Zuiden van het centrum van Amsterdam vlak bij het museumplein, het Concertgebouw en het (URL HIDDEN) een stille zijstraat van de Beethovenstraat. Spacious apartment on two levels with a large garden,two balconies and all necessary provisions. On the ground floor there is a specious livingroom including an television with internet, wifi and a fire place. Also situated on the ground floor are the dining room, the kitchen, a toilet and a balcony. On the first floor there are three bedrooms, two rooms with a double and one with a single bed. The bathroom includes a shower and a bathtub. Another balcony and toilet are also on the first floor. Garden, gardenfurniture and ping pong table. free phone (in Europe and the U.S.), free wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer. Contact trough E-mail, phone or (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN). Calm street situated in a sought-after, safe neighborhood. Stores, restaurants and public transport are around the corner. In direct vicini","Calm street situated in a sought-after, safe neighborhood. Stores, restaurants and public transport are around the corner. In direct vicinity of all the famous Amsterdam museums, parcs, the Royal Concerthall and the historical city centre.","Public transport  at 100 metres walking distance. Direct tram connection to the historic town centre, central station and Amsterdam-South station.","No pets, no unannounced guests, no smoking and please be considerate towards our friendly neighbours."
