"This apartment is spacious and bright, furnished with style and fully equipped. Ideal to relax! It is located above a supermarket, next to the Vondelpark and walking distance from several shops, restaurants, museums and the city centre.","Rustique and spacious apartment on the second floor. You will rent the entire apartment (80m2). There is a dining room and a living room, separated by stained glass sliding doors. The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove, a large fridge, tea cooker, espresso machine and a bar table. The bathroom has a shower and toilette.  There is a balcony at the back of the house (to enjoy your breakfast in the morning sun) and another balcony at the front of the house (to enjoy a glass of wine in the afternoon sun ;-).  One bedroom has a kingsize boxspring for 2 persons. The other bedroom has a bed where  2 extra people can sleep. Towels, sheets, hairdryer and WIFI are included. This apartment is perfect for couple(s) who are looking for a romantic and comfortable stay. As well as for families who are looking for a spacious and peaceful place to stay during their holidays.","This apartment is spacious and bright, furnished with style and fully equipped. Ideal to relax! It is located above a supermarket, next to the Vondelpark and walking distance from several shops, restaurants, museums and the city centre. Rustique and spacious apartment on the second floor. You will rent the entire apartment (80m2). There is a dining room and a living room, separated by stained glass sliding doors. The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove, a large fridge, tea cooker, espresso machine and a bar table. The bathroom has a shower and toilette.  There is a balcony at the back of the house (to enjoy your breakfast in the morning sun) and another balcony at the front of the house (to enjoy a glass of wine in the afternoon sun ;-).  One bedroom has a kingsize boxspring for 2 persons. The other bedroom has a bed where  2 extra people can sleep. Towels, sheets, hairdryer and WIFI are included. This apartment is perfect for couple(s) who are looking for a romantic and comfortable s","The apartment is located in the favorite neighborhood called 'Helmerbuurt' with various shops and nice restaurants at walking distance. Just downstairs around the corner there is a great supermarket. It's only 1 minute walk to the famous 'Vondelpark'. The apartment is very well located at a walking distance from the main museums, Leidseplein, Nine Streets Shopping District and the canals. You can also go by public transport, the tram stop at the Overtoom is just a few steps from the apartment.",The apartment is just 20 minutes away by public transport from Schiphol Airport. The most easiest way is to take the train from Schiphol Airport station to Amsterdam Lelylaan station (7 minutes). Note: This is NOT the central station of Amsterdam! On Amsterdam Lelylaan station you take tram 1 towards the city centre and leave the tram at the stop Rhijnvis Feithstraat (5 minutes). It's just a 2 minutes walk to the apartment.  From Amsterdam Central Station it's 20 minutes away. Take tram 1 (towards Osdorp De Aker) and leave the tram at the stop Rhijnvis Feithstraat. It's just a 2 minutes walk to the apartment.,"- I love my apartment and I hope you do, so to treat it like your own home! - I don't rent my apartment to male groups of friends - Things can break. That’s life. I would appreciate it if you just tell me so I can replace it. - For internet connection, you will get the networkname and password once you're here. - Please don't smoke in the apartment. There are two balconies you can smoking on.  Thank you for staying at this apartment and enjoy your time in the lovely city of Amsterdam! Best wishes, Sanne"
