"A beautiful modern light apartment, with an typical Amsterdam style.  Experience Amsterdam like a true Amsterdammer! Wake up in my apartment in the heart of the city center, with a view on the iconic Canals of Amsterdam. Enjoy!","The apartment has one master bedroom and a large living room. In the master bed is a two person king size bed (220 cm by 240 cm). In the the living room is an new (2015) queen size two person slatted bed (220cm  by 180cm) that folds out of the wall cabinet.  The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher, combination oven/microwave, nespresso etc  Additionally, there is a washing-drying machine located in the kitchen the at your disposal. There is a bathroom with a separate toilet. The apartment is located on the first floor and has it’s own private entrance. Therefore no neighbors or roommates.","A beautiful modern light apartment, with an typical Amsterdam style.  Experience Amsterdam like a true Amsterdammer! Wake up in my apartment in the heart of the city center, with a view on the iconic Canals of Amsterdam. Enjoy! The apartment has one master bedroom and a large living room. In the master bed is a two person king size bed (220 cm by 240 cm). In the the living room is an new (2015) queen size two person slatted bed (220cm  by 180cm) that folds out of the wall cabinet.  The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher, combination oven/microwave, nespresso etc  Additionally, there is a washing-drying machine located in the kitchen the at your disposal. There is a bathroom with a separate toilet. The apartment is located on the first floor and has it’s own private entrance. Therefore no neighbors or roommates. Everything, only a few cabinets will be closed with my personal belongings. Free wifi, Xbox One, Cable television, with HMDI input I'm not present during your sta","Location in the heart of the city center (Weteringschans) The most popular touristic places on walking distance.  Vondelpark, (9 min walk), Rijksmuseum (6 min), van Gogh Museum (10 min), Museum square  (7 min). Leidse square (8 min), Rembrandt square (10 min), Heineken brewery (3 min), Paradiso (7min), cozy non-touristy bars and cafe’s in the neighbourhood the Pijp (5 min), shopping in the Utrechtsestraat (4 min), Leidsestraat (8 min) and Kalverstraat (15 min). Easy accessible by tram (lines (phone number hidden)) from the central station (10 min). It’s a great location to explore the city. Still it’s a quiet location to relax and watch the Lijnbaansgracht (canal) just to chill.  ","From the airport Schiphol a train departs every 15 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station. This takes about 17 minutes and costs 4,- euro.  Trams from Central station are 16, 24 and 25 (+- 10 minutes). Get out at Weteringcircuit and go left. It will cost 2,80 euro.  1 minute walk from Weteringcircuit. ",No music after 22:30 hours.
