"Loft with exposed wooden beams and a roof terrace accessible on the same level. Well appointed kitchen and bathroom. Close to cafes, shops, public transport and several parks including Vondelpark.  Two bikes are also available.",Recently renovated loft space with exposed wooden beams. Both the kitchen and bathroom have all required to cook and clean.  There is a futon bed as shown in the photos. A roof terrace is also accessible on the same level.,"Loft with exposed wooden beams and a roof terrace accessible on the same level. Well appointed kitchen and bathroom. Close to cafes, shops, public transport and several parks including Vondelpark.  Two bikes are also available. Recently renovated loft space with exposed wooden beams. Both the kitchen and bathroom have all required to cook and clean.  There is a futon bed as shown in the photos. A roof terrace is also accessible on the same level. Roof terrace, free wifi and a two bicycles. I live in the same building and will be available to help guests with their stay. For those staying longer I am willing to make available my clothes washer. Very close to the centre of Amsterdam but with a real suburb feel. Great independent traders and two good supermarkets are close by. Vondelpark, Rembrandtpark and the Amsterdam Bos (forest) are all close by. Transit from Schipol on public transport takes 25 minutes via a train to Amsterdam Zuid and bus 15 to Hoofddorpplien. Tram 2 to the centre a","Very close to the centre of Amsterdam but with a real suburb feel. Great independent traders and two good supermarkets are close by. Vondelpark, Rembrandtpark and the Amsterdam Bos (forest) are all close by. Transit from Schipol on public transport takes 25 minutes via a train to Amsterdam Zuid and bus 15 to Hoofddorpplien.",Tram 2 to the centre and bus 15 to Amsterdam Zuid or Amsterdam Sloterdijk stations is 5 mins walk on Hoofddorpplien. Bus 62 to Amsterdam Leylaan and bus 145 are even closer on Aalsmeerplien,The roof terrace is shared with one other neighbour so no parties are allowed. However chilling out and relaxing are! Smoking on the roof terrace is allowed but please do so away from the entrance. Also late at night please be quiet on the roof terrace.
