You will stay in the reception rooms of a 17th century silk merchants palace in a large luxurious bedroom with en-suite bathroom. Peace and quiet in the center of the old city. AND a delicious breakfast is included!  Just read the reviews.,"Our location is very quiet and on the ground floor. We have only one suite for Bed & Breakfast. This is a very large bedroom with comfortable double kingsize bed, 4 metre (14 foot) high ornamental ceiling, large windows overlooking the garden. Ensuite marble private bathroom, with bath/shower, a separate shower, including supersoft towels and bathrobes. There are tea/coffee making facilities in the room, as well as a small fridge with complimentary drinks. A delicious breakfast can be had in our famous period kitchen, or in our private garden if desired and the weather allows.  The building dates from 1621 and is on the ""Gentleman's canal"" in downtown Amsterdam, the most exclusive canal in the city and part of the Unesco heritage site. In the garden you will see the 18th century geometric box borders, Yews, Magnolia, ancient Apple tree. Our location is midway between the Anne Frank house and the Royal Palace on Dam Square, we are surrounded by restaurants and speciality shops. Do not m","You will stay in the reception rooms of a 17th century silk merchants palace in a large luxurious bedroom with en-suite bathroom. Peace and quiet in the center of the old city. AND a delicious breakfast is included!  Just read the reviews. Our location is very quiet and on the ground floor. We have only one suite for Bed & Breakfast. This is a very large bedroom with comfortable double kingsize bed, 4 metre (14 foot) high ornamental ceiling, large windows overlooking the garden. Ensuite marble private bathroom, with bath/shower, a separate shower, including supersoft towels and bathrobes. There are tea/coffee making facilities in the room, as well as a small fridge with complimentary drinks. A delicious breakfast can be had in our famous period kitchen, or in our private garden if desired and the weather allows.  The building dates from 1621 and is on the ""Gentleman's canal"" in downtown Amsterdam, the most exclusive canal in the city and part of the Unesco heritage site. In the garden ","We love the part of Amsterdam we live in, it has 400 years of history (now a Unesco Heritage site), the canals make it lively, the trees give it charm, and absolutely everything is within walking distance. Our place is midway between the Anne Frank House and the Royal Palace on Dam Square.","Trams and buses are around the corner, central station is 15 minutes walking. And being so central, you can walk to most places. Taxi rank is 5 minutes walking on Westermarkt.","We are a drug and smoke-free house We live in the house ourselves and respect our neigbour's peace and quiet, we expect you will do the same. It is not allowed to have parties and no random additional ""outside"" guests are allowed. No pets."
