,"Large canal two storey apartment located only 200 metres from Central Station. On the first floor you will find a large living room  wit a very confortable sofa  a dining area for up to 5 people a  large flat screen tv with cable. the  balcony offers the  most wonderful canal view.  in this floor is also located  the kitchen  and a toilet. On the top floor you will find two double bedrooms with very comfortable queen size beds , a large bathroom with bath tub and shower and a terrace  overlooking the city. Smoking is only permitted either on the terrace or the balcony. the kitchen is fully equipped and has all the kitchen utensils. This property is empty so you will not find full cupboards,  full kitchen cabinets  or clothing. it has a minimum stay of 1 week.","Large canal two storey apartment located only 200 metres from Central Station. On the first floor you will find a large living room  wit a very confortable sofa  a dining area for up to 5 people a  large flat screen tv with cable. the  balcony offers the  most wonderful canal view.  in this floor is also located  the kitchen  and a toilet. On the top floor you will find two double bedrooms with very comfortable queen size beds , a large bathroom with bath tub and shower and a terrace  overlooking the city. Smoking is only permitted either on the terrace or the balcony. the kitchen is fully equipped and has all the kitchen utensils. This property is empty so you will not find full cupboards,  full kitchen cabinets  or clothing. it has a minimum stay of 1 week. The apartment is located on third floor without lift  no wheelchair access. Please note that the apartment is very central located and there are two coffeeshops in the same street. Minimum stay is 7 days Central area surrounded by","Central area surrounded by canals  bars coffeeshops and restaurants. Only 50 meters from the famous Haarlemerstraat High street,",In this area you do not need to use public transport  only 500 meters from  Dam Squatre  250 meters to Central Station  walking distance to the Jordaan and all  main tourist attractions.,
