"The apartment studio is located in a quite area of the city centre with a view of the Skinny Bridge.  Just around the corner is one of Amsterdam's gems: Utrechtsestraat, where you can find authentic shops and restaurants.","My apartment is almost on the Skinny Bridge!  When you open the door you are ten meters from the most famous bridge in Amsterdam.  The studio has its own door with a single entry on floor level.  Cosy as it is it has everything you'll need within arms reach like a separate bathroom with toilet, washer-dryer combination, shower, build in radio(just in case you like to sing along in the shower).  There's a kitchen with dishwasher and everything else you'll need for a short stay.  Due to space efficiency there's a (custom made in Italy) sofa bed with its own comfortable separate mattress for daily use.  Extra's: there's a smart TV with Netflix(logged in with Airbnb guest account). And there's a Sonos system for wireless music streaming with your smartphone.","The apartment studio is located in a quite area of the city centre with a view of the Skinny Bridge.  Just around the corner is one of Amsterdam's gems: Utrechtsestraat, where you can find authentic shops and restaurants. My apartment is almost on the Skinny Bridge!  When you open the door you are ten meters from the most famous bridge in Amsterdam.  The studio has its own door with a single entry on floor level.  Cosy as it is it has everything you'll need within arms reach like a separate bathroom with toilet, washer-dryer combination, shower, build in radio(just in case you like to sing along in the shower).  There's a kitchen with dishwasher and everything else you'll need for a short stay.  Due to space efficiency there's a (custom made in Italy) sofa bed with its own comfortable separate mattress for daily use.  Extra's: there's a smart TV with Netflix(logged in with Airbnb guest account). And there's a Sonos system for wireless music streaming with your smartphone. You'll have t","Although the house is in the centre, its located in a quit area. The Skinny Bridge is only for pedestrians and cyclists!  The house is located at the river Amstel (hence the name of the street).  Your view is over the Amstel. From the house you can see the Hermitage (museum) and theater Carre. In a 5 minutes walk you are in the Operahouse which is at the Waterloo square.",Waterloo square and Rembrandt square are 5 minutes walk from the apartment.,No smoking No Pets
