"A gorgeous apartment for 4 people, in the centre off Amsterdam! It can't get better than this! Located at the heart of Amsterdam, this apartment guarantees an unforgettable experience/vacation in a great location with tons of stuff to do! Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum, Leideseplein- one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas, home to famous music venues, fun dance clubs, relaxed bars and many more to see!","This spacious 2-level apartment for 4 persons lies on the 2nd and 3rd floor of an authentic property, in the pleasantly quiet Nieuwe Leliestraat, right around the corner of the Prinsengracht. With its’ central location right between the scenic Jordaan district and the trendy 9 Straatjes (9 little streets) and right around the corner from the Anne Frank House and the Westerkerk, this house is the ideal base for visiting Amsterdam. Enough living space for 4 persons, a great view over the Prinsengracht plus a balcony is what makes No. 305 stand out within our selection of high-end rental homes. The comfortable and atmospheric interior design with an added ‘bold touch’ makes this apartment feel like a real home. Both bedrooms have 2 comfortable single box-spring beds with extra thick matrasses. Other amenities:     Fully equipped kitchen     1 bathroom with a shower, bath, toilet and a washbasin     Free coffee & tea     Free Shampoo     Washing machine     Flat screen TV     WIFI     Musi","A gorgeous apartment for 4 people, in the centre off Amsterdam! It can't get better than this! Located at the heart of Amsterdam, this apartment guarantees an unforgettable experience/vacation in a great location with tons of stuff to do! Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, Rijksmuseum, Leideseplein- one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas, home to famous music venues, fun dance clubs, relaxed bars and many more to see! This spacious 2-level apartment for 4 persons lies on the 2nd and 3rd floor of an authentic property, in the pleasantly quiet Nieuwe Leliestraat, right around the corner of the Prinsengracht. With its’ central location right between the scenic Jordaan district and the trendy 9 Straatjes (9 little streets) and right around the corner from the Anne Frank House and the Westerkerk, this house is the ideal base for visiting Amsterdam. Enough living space for 4 persons, a great view over the Prinsengracht plus a balcony is what makes No. 305 stand out within our selection of","The modest origins of the Jordaan (it was built to house Jewish and French immigrant workers) is still visible in its small, very old houses and the fact there is an old cafe on nearly every corner (often the type where locals will burst into folk music on Sunday drinking sessions). Nowadays these old brown cafes share space with brick oven pizzerias, boutique design shops and other trappings of the young professional set. Nice to know: each of the streets is named after a flower. Close by: Westerkerk, Anne Frank Huis.","Right in city centre! So you can just walk! Or take tram 13 or 17 to Westermarkt! From there, it's 3 minutes walk.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
