"The rooms are freshly painted, with new laminate flooring. Each room has coffee and tea service, along with a microwave and refrigerator, and cups, plates and silverware. We also have a second room in this location that is a bit smaller and less expensive that looks out directly onto the beautiful Haarlemmerdijk. Sleep at Amy's B'n'B Front Room https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/608432","Our BnB is located in the heart of Amsterdam on the historic Haarlemmerdijk, only a short walk from the Centraal Station. The Garden Room is the larger of the two rooms with one double bed. This room faces the back and is very quiet. (This listing is for the Garden room with one double bed). The Front room has a view of the Haarlemmerdijk, with its funky shops, cafes and restaurants. (See Sleep at Amy's BnB Front Room for this listing). Both rooms have coffee/ tea included. Each room has a refrigerator and microwave and shares bathroom and shower facilities. We are only a short walk from the Centraal Station, just steps from the Jordaan and a few minutes from the Anne Frank House.","The rooms are freshly painted, with new laminate flooring. Each room has coffee and tea service, along with a microwave and refrigerator, and cups, plates and silverware. We also have a second room in this location that is a bit smaller and less expensive that looks out directly onto the beautiful Haarlemmerdijk. Sleep at Amy's B'n'B Front Room https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/608432 Our BnB is located in the heart of Amsterdam on the historic Haarlemmerdijk, only a short walk from the Centraal Station. The Garden Room is the larger of the two rooms with one double bed. This room faces the back and is very quiet. (This listing is for the Garden room with one double bed). The Front room has a view of the Haarlemmerdijk, with its funky shops, cafes and restaurants. (See Sleep at Amy's BnB Front Room for this listing). Both rooms have coffee/ tea included. Each room has a refrigerator and microwave and shares bathroom and shower facilities. We are only a short walk from the Centraal Station, ","The Haarlemmerbuurt is a wonderful and historic neighborhood. Originally, this was the main road to Haarlem- hence the name. Starting at the Singel Canal, where the street is called Haarlemmerstraat, past the Eenhoornsluis (The Unicorn Lock!), it changes name to Haarlemmerdijk and continues all the way to the Haarlemmerplein You will find much to see and do here. If you love shopping, eating, drinking or just sightseeing, this is the place to stay.","Our place is easy walking distance from Centraal Station.  Exit the front (not water!) side of the Centraal Station. Head southwest on Stationsplein. Cross the busy Prins Hendrikkade and turn right. Cross the canal and turn left on Singel. Turn right onto Haarlemmerstraat Continue onto Haarlemmerdijk Destination will be on the right at Haarlemmerdijk 26 above The Store without a Home. Or you can take a short (two stops) ride on bus 22 (direction west towards Geuzenveld). Exit Buiten Oranjestraat. 3 minutes walking from there. Public Transport is the key to Amsterdam. Please don’t even think of driving a car. Parking alone will drive you mad. Traffic will finish the job. GVB-The local transport company sells day passes for 1 to 7 days. This provides you with unlimited travel on the bus, tram and metro system. If you do arrive by car you can use the Park and Ride lots for €8 per day, and this includes a public transport ticket into town. Rent a bike! This is a great option if you want to",
