"The rooms are freshly painted, with new laminate flooring. Each room has coffee and tea service, along with a microwave and refrigerator, and cups, plates and silverware. We also have a second room in this location that is a bit bigger and nicer, and quieter: Sleep at Amy's B'n'B Garden Room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/627188","Our place is easy walking distance from Centraal Station.  Exit the front (not water!) side of the Centraal Station. Head southwest on Stationsplein. Cross the busy Prins Hendrikkade and turn right. Cross the canal and turn left on Singel. Turn right onto Haarlemmerstraat Continue onto Haarlemmerdijk Destination will be on the right at Haarlemmerdijk 26 above The Store without a Home. Or you can take a short (two stops) ride on bus 22 (direction west towards Geuzenveld). Exit Buiten Oranjestraat. 3 minutes walking from there. Public Transport is the key to Amsterdam. Please don’t even think of driving a car. Parking alone will drive you mad. Traffic will finish the job. GVB-The local transport company sells day passes for 1 to 7 days. This provides you with unlimited travel on the bus, tram and metro system. If you do arrive by car you can use the Park and Ride lots for €8 per day, and this includes a public transport ticket into town. Rent a bike! This is a great option if you want to","The rooms are freshly painted, with new laminate flooring. Each room has coffee and tea service, along with a microwave and refrigerator, and cups, plates and silverware. We also have a second room in this location that is a bit bigger and nicer, and quieter: Sleep at Amy's B'n'B Garden Room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/627188 Our place is easy walking distance from Centraal Station.  Exit the front (not water!) side of the Centraal Station. Head southwest on Stationsplein. Cross the busy Prins Hendrikkade and turn right. Cross the canal and turn left on Singel. Turn right onto Haarlemmerstraat Continue onto Haarlemmerdijk Destination will be on the right at Haarlemmerdijk 26 above The Store without a Home. Or you can take a short (two stops) ride on bus 22 (direction west towards Geuzenveld). Exit Buiten Oranjestraat. 3 minutes walking from there. Public Transport is the key to Amsterdam. Please don’t even think of driving a car. Parking alone will drive you mad. Traffic will finish ","The Haarlemmerbuurt is a wonderful and historic neighborhood. Originally, this was the main road to Haarlem- hence the name. Starting at the Singel Canal, where the street is called Haarlemmerstraat, past the Eenhoornsluis (The Unicorn Lock!), it changes name to Haarlemmerdijk and continues all the way to the Haarlemmerplein You will find much to see and do here. If you love shopping, eating, drinking or just sightseeing, this is the place to stay.","Our place is easy walking distance from Centraal Station. Or you can take a short (two stops) ride on bus 22 (direction west towards Geuzenveld). Exit Buiten Oranjestraat. 3 minutes walking from there. Public Transport is the key to Amsterdam. Please don’t even think of driving a car. Parking alone will drive you mad. Traffic will finish the job. GVB-The local transport company sells day passes for 1 to 7 days. This provides you with unlimited travel on the bus, tram and metro system. If you do arrive by car you can use the Park and Ride lots for €8 per day, and this includes a public transport ticket into town. Rent a bike! This is a great option if you want to see the countryside. But be warned, Amsterdam is quite crowded these days. Walk! The best option. Free and easy in this flat city. Wait until you see what they call a hill here (Hint- it ain’t much of a hill).",
