"Between 23th and 30th of October we will present a new project in our space in the centre of Amsterdam: The AWA hotel, a collaborative installation. Be part of an artwork and have a unique experience! Find us on that online 'book' for more info at Artists With Attitude. ","Our gallery/studio is based at OT301 in Amsterdam. The size of our gallery is 5,20 by 7,75 metres. OT301 used to be a squat in the Dutch city of Amsterdam which is located on Overtoom 301. EHBK has now bought the building which is used as a multi-media alternative cultural centre. The building is an old film academy and was squatted in 1999 by a group of artists. It is used in a range of ways, including as a venue for music and films, artists workspaces, a bookshop and an 'organic cultural kitchen' (a vegan restaurant) called De Peper. The building is a very lively place.During the weekend there are often performances, bands and parties in the big studios of the OT301 building, this can be quite noisy but also very interesting. So if you are looking for a quiet hide away, the AWA HOTEL might not be what you are looking for, but if you are looking to find open, interesting, vibrant people this is the place to be. ","Between 23th and 30th of October we will present a new project in our space in the centre of Amsterdam: The AWA hotel, a collaborative installation. Be part of an artwork and have a unique experience! Find us on that online 'book' for more info at Artists With Attitude.  Our gallery/studio is based at OT301 in Amsterdam. The size of our gallery is 5,20 by 7,75 metres. OT301 used to be a squat in the Dutch city of Amsterdam which is located on Overtoom 301. EHBK has now bought the building which is used as a multi-media alternative cultural centre. The building is an old film academy and was squatted in 1999 by a group of artists. It is used in a range of ways, including as a venue for music and films, artists workspaces, a bookshop and an 'organic cultural kitchen' (a vegan restaurant) called De Peper. The building is a very lively place.During the weekend there are often performances, bands and parties in the big studios of the OT301 building, this can be quite noisy but also very int",,Transport to and from the AWA hotel is super easy as tram number one stops right in front!,
