"This B&B is a private little appartment  for one couple, is named 'The KeizerInn' and derives its name from the location on the Nieuwe Keizersgracht in the middle of the center of Amsterdam. A quiet place of 20m2  where you can sleep well and safe, and yet with all interesting buildings and places within walking distance. In less then a 10 minute walk you can visit the Hermitage, the Waterloo square, de ""Magere Brug', the Zoo, Royal Theatre Carré and many other interesting places and musea.","Not only the location, but also the boat is exceptional. The KeizerInn is part of a Gronginger Bol, a steel ship from 1904 that has long served as a freighter. Not only the obvious nature of the ship, but also some details that have survived, provide an intimate atmosphere and make your stay in the KeizerInn pleasant and unforgettable.  Watch the amazing 360 degrees link below!  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Peter and Jeroen are your hosts. Privacy is important to them, so there is  a private entrance to the cabin with bedroom below, well isolated. From the wheelhouse you have an excellent view over the canal and the adjacent park. Below you find a double bed, a kitchen unit, a modern bathroom with shower, toilet, sink and underfloor heating, radio, television and wifi. There is a lot of traffic during the day, canal bikes and boats with tourists will pass. We do not serve breakfast so you can make your own out of the supermarket or around the corner at Bagel&Beans. When the weather is n","This B&B is a private little appartment  for one couple, is named 'The KeizerInn' and derives its name from the location on the Nieuwe Keizersgracht in the middle of the center of Amsterdam. A quiet place of 20m2  where you can sleep well and safe, and yet with all interesting buildings and places within walking distance. In less then a 10 minute walk you can visit the Hermitage, the Waterloo square, de ""Magere Brug', the Zoo, Royal Theatre Carré and many other interesting places and musea. Not only the location, but also the boat is exceptional. The KeizerInn is part of a Gronginger Bol, a steel ship from 1904 that has long served as a freighter. Not only the obvious nature of the ship, but also some details that have survived, provide an intimate atmosphere and make your stay in the KeizerInn pleasant and unforgettable.  Watch the amazing 360 degrees link below!  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Peter and Jeroen are your hosts. Privacy is important to them, so there is  a private entrance",,,La única regla es que fumen afuera por favor . Usted puede sentarse en sus terras priviate en la gran hamacas para disfrutar de su cigarrillo y la vista .
