"Small apartment in the Jordan, the trendy district of  Amsterdam, 5-minute walk to Anne Frank House, easy access to public transportation, supermarkets, and the 9-allies shopping area. Apartment sleeps maximum 3.","This quiet, cozy apartment in the center of Amsterdam offers travelers the comfort of a home while at the same time having only a 5-min walk to the Anne Frank House and shopping district '9 Straatjes' (9 Streets), a 10-min walk to the center of Amsterdam's nightlife,  the Leidseplein, and a 15- min walk to the Netherlands' world renown Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum. The apartment is in the heart of the trendy Jordaan District, known for its Gingerbread-like houses and quaint restaurants, cafes and boutiques. Located on the second floor of a 19h century building, the apartment has a living room, a bedroom with 160 x 200cm sized-bed, a kitchen, and bathroom. It can sleep 3 people in total (living room has sleeper couch with a 140 x 200cm sized-bed). There is also wifi, cable TV, flat screen, DVD player, a microwave oven, and the kitchen is fully equipped.  Q-Park car park is only a 5-minute walk away.  ","Small apartment in the Jordan, the trendy district of  Amsterdam, 5-minute walk to Anne Frank House, easy access to public transportation, supermarkets, and the 9-allies shopping area. Apartment sleeps maximum 3. This quiet, cozy apartment in the center of Amsterdam offers travelers the comfort of a home while at the same time having only a 5-min walk to the Anne Frank House and shopping district '9 Straatjes' (9 Streets), a 10-min walk to the center of Amsterdam's nightlife,  the Leidseplein, and a 15- min walk to the Netherlands' world renown Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum. The apartment is in the heart of the trendy Jordaan District, known for its Gingerbread-like houses and quaint restaurants, cafes and boutiques. Located on the second floor of a 19h century building, the apartment has a living room, a bedroom with 160 x 200cm sized-bed, a kitchen, and bathroom. It can sleep 3 people in total (living room has sleeper couch with a 140 x 200cm sized-bed). There is also wifi, cable T","Close to Amsterdam's hippest bars and cafes, close to the theater district, and close to the canals.",Streetcar stops right around the corner (2 minute walk),"Please respect the neighbors No smoking allowed No pets allowed If there is any special requirement, please advise in advance and I will try to accommodate as possible."
