"Small cozy but basic studio for rent in the beautiful Jordaan area. The studio is situated on the top floor (5th!) of a very old typical Jordaan house.   2 minute walk from the 9 Little Streets, close to Leidseplein, Anne Frank House an city centre. ",The studio is small but has all the necessities you need. It's big enough to fit a small double bed and space to keep my clothes and vinyl records. It has a small kitchen area where you can make a cup of tea and prepare food.,"Small cozy but basic studio for rent in the beautiful Jordaan area. The studio is situated on the top floor (5th!) of a very old typical Jordaan house.   2 minute walk from the 9 Little Streets, close to Leidseplein, Anne Frank House an city centre.  The studio is small but has all the necessities you need. It's big enough to fit a small double bed and space to keep my clothes and vinyl records. It has a small kitchen area where you can make a cup of tea and prepare food. You will have acces to the room and bathroom wich is just down the hall (of course) and there is wireless internet.   I always try to check in every guest personally so I can give them tips and show them around the house.  For me, the Jordaan is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Small streets, old houses and beautiful canals. Close to al the little shops and cafe's @ the 9 little streets, Leidseplein, Anne Frank House and city centre.  There's a tramstop four minutes away from my house @ the Marnix","For me, the Jordaan is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Small streets, old houses and beautiful canals. Close to al the little shops and cafe's @ the 9 little streets, Leidseplein, Anne Frank House and city centre. ","There's a tramstop four minutes away from my house @ the Marnixstraat. You can take tram 10 and 17 from there. Elandsgracht is also close to Rozengracht where you can catch tram 13 and 14 as well.  From Schiphol Airport you can take bus number 197. This will only cost you €4,-  per person. The bus stops at Busstation Marnixstraat/ Elandsgracht. From there it is a 3 minute walk to my house.","Just be nice and friendly to my house mates. We love living here. We are all very laid back and respect each others privacy. A friendly hello and bye is definitely appreciated!  If you don't mind, please don't smoke in my room.  Please don't flush sanitary towels & tampons through the toilet. It will get stuck!"
