"The appartment is located right in the centre of Amsterdam. 10 minute walk from the central station, 5 minute walk from Dam or Rembrandt square. A perfect spot for two on a amazing city trip. Fully furnitured with a two person bed, kitchen, bathroom with washing machine.",It's a small but convenient appartment located at the 3rd and 4th floor. It has its own front door. If you like you can do groceries at the market aorund the corner and make your own meal in a fully equipped combined livingroom/kitchen.  The bedroom has a two person bed. The appartment has a small bathroom with washing machine.,"The appartment is located right in the centre of Amsterdam. 10 minute walk from the central station, 5 minute walk from Dam or Rembrandt square. A perfect spot for two on a amazing city trip. Fully furnitured with a two person bed, kitchen, bathroom with washing machine. It's a small but convenient appartment located at the 3rd and 4th floor. It has its own front door. If you like you can do groceries at the market aorund the corner and make your own meal in a fully equipped combined livingroom/kitchen.  The bedroom has a two person bed. The appartment has a small bathroom with washing machine. you don't have to share the appartment. It has it's own front door and all the facilities of a normal house. If you stay at my place you'll have the place for yourself. Ofcourse I will available for questions or help by phone or come over when needed. More central than this place you wont get. It's in the chinatown of Amsterdam so enough good and affordable asian cuisine around the corner. It's ",More central than this place you wont get. It's in the chinatown of Amsterdam so enough good and affordable asian cuisine around the corner. It's minutes walk from the bars at the Nieuwmarkt and red light district but also from musea like the Hermitage. Central station is 10 minute walk.,Within 1 minute walk there is the entrance to the metro which will take you towards either to central station or eastbound. In the vicinity buses or trams will connected you to all parts of the city. No matter where you want to go you'll reach it within 30-45 minutes. But if you're up to it i'll even lend you my bike!,"Please mind, it's a no smoking appartment. Also no parties allowed, the neighbours are fond of their nightly peace and quite. Also mind the fact that the house is situated in a small alley from the central route of bars and restaurants. This means occasional nightly noise can occure."
