,"Hello everyone,  It's a small private studio situated in the West of Amsterdam suitable for 1 or 2  people.  It's on the 9th floor (which gives you a beautiful view of Amsterdam) and there's a lift of course.  Easily reachable with public transport. (around 15 minutes with the tram to reach the centre.) It's in a nice neighbourhood, with a market nearby. It has a few restaurants and supermarkets nearby too. It's a one room studio, with the kitchen connected to it. It has a separate bathroom with a spacious shower and a toilet.  It's got floor heating for nice and warm feet. :) The style I would say is minimal and it does not contain a lot of furniture. Only the essentials. It has a twin bed, closet with attached table and two chairs and a television. Bedlinen and towels are provided as well as soap and shampoo and there's a hairdryer free to use. I've also got wireless internet. If you're looking for a cheap yet complete studio, look no further! ","Hello everyone,  It's a small private studio situated in the West of Amsterdam suitable for 1 or 2  people.  It's on the 9th floor (which gives you a beautiful view of Amsterdam) and there's a lift of course.  Easily reachable with public transport. (around 15 minutes with the tram to reach the centre.) It's in a nice neighbourhood, with a market nearby. It has a few restaurants and supermarkets nearby too. It's a one room studio, with the kitchen connected to it. It has a separate bathroom with a spacious shower and a toilet.  It's got floor heating for nice and warm feet. :) The style I would say is minimal and it does not contain a lot of furniture. Only the essentials. It has a twin bed, closet with attached table and two chairs and a television. Bedlinen and towels are provided as well as soap and shampoo and there's a hairdryer free to use. I've also got wireless internet. If you're looking for a cheap yet complete studio, look no further! There is a Miele laundrette on the groun","Trendy upcoming neighborhood, relaxed safe atmosphere, shops, market and supermarkets. There's a spacious public garden right in front where you can sit and relax (weather permitting..) Very nice park close by where musical and dance events are taking place during summer. Bicycles are for rent just across the road at € 10 per day. And not to forget: We have the Best Pizza place of Amsterdam around the corner!","Studio is located in a converted office building situated in a public garden which can be accessed from 3 sides. Very convenient public transport at 100 mtr from studio, it takes 15 minutes to city center and  20 minutes to airport. Night bus runs all night from city center to studio in 9 minutes. There's a proper car park nearby, only €12 for 24hrs.",- Please mind the neighbors. - Don't move the television set  around please! - Keep the place fairly tidy. - Clipped toenails on floor are not appreciated. - No smoking! The apartment is located in a public garden where you can sit and enjoy smoking but please don't throw your sigaret ends around. Don't leave the dishes for host to clean or dry  -Have a good time!
