"This unique property is a prime example of a 16th century canal house. Suitable for 4 persons. The kitchen/dining/lounge area is warm and cozy, and has awesome views of the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam.","Sonnenberg Canal House description Sonnenberg is located on the Herengracht, in the historic centre of Amsterdam. Surrounded by the famous nine-streets, this historic canal house was built in 1649 for the Sonnenberg family. It is one of the few houses that still boast its original gable, which is a classical renaissance crow-stepped gable; this is a stair-step type of design at the top of the triangular gable-end of a building. Not only the gable is still original, the interior with its solid oak beams as well as the winding staircase are original. It is not hard to imagine this Dutch merchant family doing business from this very location. This family remained owners of this historic canal house well into the 19th century, and perhaps the heirs of these Sonnenberg’s are the same Sonnenberg’s as those who are among the ten richest families of the Netherlands. Sonnenberg - Description This apartment is located on the two floors. Two flights of stairs are circular. One enters the Sonnenbe","This unique property is a prime example of a 16th century canal house. Suitable for 4 persons. The kitchen/dining/lounge area is warm and cozy, and has awesome views of the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam. Sonnenberg Canal House description Sonnenberg is located on the Herengracht, in the historic centre of Amsterdam. Surrounded by the famous nine-streets, this historic canal house was built in 1649 for the Sonnenberg family. It is one of the few houses that still boast its original gable, which is a classical renaissance crow-stepped gable; this is a stair-step type of design at the top of the triangular gable-end of a building. Not only the gable is still original, the interior with its solid oak beams as well as the winding staircase are original. It is not hard to imagine this Dutch merchant family doing business from this very location. This family remained owners of this historic canal house well into the 19th century, and perhaps the heirs of these Sonnenberg’s are the same So",The view from the apartment of the most beautiful canal is already awesome. But to be in the nine-streets area of the city means the coolest shops and restaurants are a literal stones-throw away.,From this location no sight is more than 15 minutes away by foot. There is access to more than a dozen tram-lines and bus-lines within 3 minutes walking.,"Treat the apartment as if it were your own and keep in mind that you have neighbours.  The apartment is a regular home not an after hours club, so no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc. Police will fine when complaints are made after 23:00 (11pm) or before 07:00 (7am). At time of departure: make sure the apartment is tidy, the dishes are done, the garbage is bagged and the oven, hob and fridge/freezer are clean. If the apartment is found not to meet these requirements an additional cleaning fee of at least 50 EUR will be charged. Smoking of any kind is not allowed in any of our properties, the fine can go up to 300 EUR if this rule is not followed, this may also result in a triggering of the fire alarm. All keys must be returned upon departure. Failure to do so will incur a replacement fee of € 200 per set of keys. Guests must immediately inform the host of all defects in the apartment and damages that occur in the apartment. If host is not informed of defects, host cannot be hel"
