"My place is perfect for a short stay in the city. It isn't big, but it has everything you'll need. My apartment is full of soul and character, close to the center with good connections, has a great sunny roof terrace and easily hosts three.","My roof terrace is the 'pièce de resistance': it is spacious, private and very sunny.  Bathroom, washer, dishwasher, internet. Before arrival we will get in touch. After that, the place is yours. My neighborhood hosts a good mix of sane and insane people, children, parents, and foreigners. Bars, shops, restaurants and lots of water makes my neighborhood among Amsterdam's favorites. Tram 1 takes you straight to my house from Central Station. But I kindly advise you to rent bicycles! A sense of humor might help in our contact. Also, please understand that my place is actively being lived in. My house is not an immaculate hotel room. If you expect the bathroom tiles to function as mirrors, or if you like your accommodation to show no traces of life, I kindly request you look a bit further. If you would however like to experience a real house with real stuff and real character: be my guest. Kitchen, internet, bathroom - anything. Before arrival, I want to make sure we understand each other","My place is perfect for a short stay in the city. It isn't big, but it has everything you'll need. My apartment is full of soul and character, close to the center with good connections, has a great sunny roof terrace and easily hosts three. My roof terrace is the 'pièce de resistance': it is spacious, private and very sunny.  Bathroom, washer, dishwasher, internet. Before arrival we will get in touch. After that, the place is yours. My neighborhood hosts a good mix of sane and insane people, children, parents, and foreigners. Bars, shops, restaurants and lots of water makes my neighborhood among Amsterdam's favorites. Tram 1 takes you straight to my house from Central Station. But I kindly advise you to rent bicycles! A sense of humor might help in our contact. Also, please understand that my place is actively being lived in. My house is not an immaculate hotel room. If you expect the bathroom tiles to function as mirrors, or if you like your accommodation to show no traces of life, I ","My neighborhood is among Amsterdam's most popular. Lot's of water, great buildings, good people, bars, restaurants, and the city center at a stone's trow make my 'Helmerbuurt' a hot spot for people with good taste and love for the city.","Trams run every five minutes, stop just around the corner and will get you anywhere. But if you say getting around in Amsterdam, you say bicycle!",Just behave the way you would want your guests to behave. It's no rocket science.
