"The best that Amsterdam has to offer you will find right here, in this lovely home. The outstanding neighbourhood and all the cultural highlights that surround it. The Van Gogh, the Rijks and the Stedelijk Museum as well as the Royal Concertgebouw at just a 5 minute walk away! The Cornelisz Schuytstraat with it's high fashion boutiques, a green grocer, lovely breakfast and lunch places, restaurants, and biological supermarket are a stones throw from our front door. The street is a quiet one.","Amsterdam-Zuid, the southern part of Amsterdam is well known for it’s comfortable living. The houses were built with great vision, in broad streets with lots of green and all the modern-day comfort you can imagine.  From the very best museums and shops, the Grand Concert Hall with it’s world renown Concertgebouw Orchestra to the Vondelpark, Amsterdam's main park. In one of these lovely Amsterdam-Zuid streets, the Van Breestraat you will find our home. It has all you need for a wonderful, relaxing and romantic Amsterdam stay.  In this typical southern comfort two stories 150m2 townhome apartment you’ll find an open fire place, a piano and a wonderful garden to enjoy. All on the ground floor. The kitchen and the guest toilet are located there as well.  On the first floor there are three bedrooms, a master bedroom and the other two bedrooms. Two of them have access to a balcony and one is especially suited for children, but can also be used by grown-ups.  On this floor you will also find ","The best that Amsterdam has to offer you will find right here, in this lovely home. The outstanding neighbourhood and all the cultural highlights that surround it. The Van Gogh, the Rijks and the Stedelijk Museum as well as the Royal Concertgebouw at just a 5 minute walk away! The Cornelisz Schuytstraat with it's high fashion boutiques, a green grocer, lovely breakfast and lunch places, restaurants, and biological supermarket are a stones throw from our front door. The street is a quiet one. Amsterdam-Zuid, the southern part of Amsterdam is well known for it’s comfortable living. The houses were built with great vision, in broad streets with lots of green and all the modern-day comfort you can imagine.  From the very best museums and shops, the Grand Concert Hall with it’s world renown Concertgebouw Orchestra to the Vondelpark, Amsterdam's main park. In one of these lovely Amsterdam-Zuid streets, the Van Breestraat you will find our home. It has all you need for a wonderful, relaxing a","The Oud-Zuid is arguably the elegant heart of Amsterdam, and is one of the city’s most prestigious cultural districts. Amsterdam’s elegant Oud-Zuid (Old-South) was developed over a century ago as a cultural gateway to the city, at the tip of what was previously a boggy polder. It’s home to Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, and Van Gogh Museum – all of which exhibit the highlights of Western art. The nearby Vondelpark – created in the style of an English landscape garden – is the city’s most popular playground and is a magnet for picnickers and visitors who flock in their droves during the summer months to the numerous outdoor performances that take place there. Oud-Zuid is one of the city’s most desirable addresses, the real estate is Amsterdam’s most expensive and the residents are arguably the most privileged. Amsterdammers dub the area ‘het reservaat’ (the reservation), but you can leave your passport at home – just don’t forget your credit card: some of the chicest boutiques in town a","Public transport is readily available right around the corner and will take you to the airport, the city center or any other destination.","*We love guests that treat our home the way they would treat their own. *No Smoking inside, there is a garden where smoking is allowed. *No parties *No drugs *Be kind to our neighbours *You will find a hand out with all the information you need about the house and also lots of tips on how to enjoy mesmerizing Amsterdam."
