"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam. It's a spacious two story ground floor apartment with view at Jordaan and the Westertoren. The first floor offers a spacious living and dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped with all the modern equipment to make a delicious meal. Downstairs you find two separated bedrooms, a modern bathroom including a bath and a separate toilet. There is even a place where you can put your laundry. I am sure you will have a great time here. Enjoy!","The apartment is situated along the Singelgracht and is divided in two floors. The ground floor is the so called ‘beletage' and there's half a basement, which is the 'souterrain'. A great thing about this, is that it remains cool during the hot summer days! At the 'beletage' you find the entrance, hall and a toilet, together with an atmospheric living with open kitchen and access to the terrace and garden. A good spot to enjoy the afternoon sun. In the intimate 'souterrain' the apartment also offers a separate toilet and two spacious bedrooms where you quietly can repose of your city adventures. The first bedroom is accommodated with a comfortable queen sized bed and the second bedroom has a single bed and a double bed (120X200) Downstairs you also find a bathroom (2 washbasins, bathtub and shower) and a separate toilet and laundry. A great feature about this apartment is that it has a city garden with a comfortabel terrace. You can just sit down in the sun and enjoy some nice drinks a","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam. It's a spacious two story ground floor apartment with view at Jordaan and the Westertoren. The first floor offers a spacious living and dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped with all the modern equipment to make a delicious meal. Downstairs you find two separated bedrooms, a modern bathroom including a bath and a separate toilet. There is even a place where you can put your laundry. I am sure you will have a great time here. Enjoy! The apartment is situated along the Singelgracht and is divided in two floors. The ground floor is the so called ‘beletage' and there's half a basement, which is the 'souterrain'. A great thing about this, is that it remains cool during the hot summer days! At the 'beletage' you find the entrance, hall and a toilet, together with an atmospheric living with open kitchen and access to the terrace and garden. A good spot to enjoy the afternoon sun. In the intimate 'souterrain' the apartment also offers ","This wonderful residence is situated close to trendy bars and restaurants in the Jordaan area, the main shopping area (Negen Straatjes, Kalverstraat and PC Hooftstraat). A very relaxing and spacious apartment right in the booming city centre. By bike or tram you can reach some of the best museums in the world within 10 minutes: Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum...  The more sportive types can easily do pick a workout at the Marnixbad (pool and gym). And for a refreshing walk you have Westerpark and Vondelpark around the corner. Want to relax like a real local does? Fill up the cool box, rent a 'sloep' (longboat) and enjoy the canals by cruising around. At 100 meters you find a company that rents 'sloepen. Just around the corner you find all kinds of shops for your daily groceries: supermarkets, fresh bakery, butcher, etc. On Saturday the close by Lindengracht market and biological Noordermarkt are worth a visit.","The location of the house is very central and close to all kinds of public transport that while bring you alle around the city. Stops: Rozengracht, Bloemgracht, Hugo de Grootplein. Tram: 3, 10, 13, 14, 17",
