"This spacious, new, light, 2 floor apartment is located in a classical 19th century house at a quiet street in the middle of the Amsterdam city centre. The apartment is suitable for three persons.","This spacious and light 90 sqm, 2 floor apartment is located in a classical 19th century house at the Derde Helmersstraat (Oud-West) at five minute walking distance from the Leidse Square.  The apartment is new and beautifully furnished. The fully equipped open kitchen (with microwave, oven, cooking materials, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, nespresso coffee machine etc.) and living room (with flat-screen-tv with movie channel and dvd player) are situated on the second floor. Here you also find a study, a bathroom and two balconies were you can have a sunny breakfast or an afternoon drink. On the third floor the master bedroom with double bed and second bathroom are located. The second floor also has a balcony. Free use of WiFi is also available.","This spacious, new, light, 2 floor apartment is located in a classical 19th century house at a quiet street in the middle of the Amsterdam city centre. The apartment is suitable for three persons. This spacious and light 90 sqm, 2 floor apartment is located in a classical 19th century house at the Derde Helmersstraat (Oud-West) at five minute walking distance from the Leidse Square.  The apartment is new and beautifully furnished. The fully equipped open kitchen (with microwave, oven, cooking materials, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, nespresso coffee machine etc.) and living room (with flat-screen-tv with movie channel and dvd player) are situated on the second floor. Here you also find a study, a bathroom and two balconies were you can have a sunny breakfast or an afternoon drink. On the third floor the master bedroom with double bed and second bathroom are located. The second floor also has a balcony. Free use of WiFi is also available. Guests will have access to all amenities mentione","The apartment has a very central location in the lively Oud-West neighbourhood with a direct tramline to Central Station.  Leidse Square, Museum Square (Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum, etc.), 9 streets and Vondelpark are all within 5 minutes walking distance.",The house is located at a 3 minute walking distance to all central tram and bus lines.,Please no animals or smoking in the house
