"Spacious apartment with a sunny garden, located in one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. A lot of green,restaurants, bars and galleries. Close to the city center, the big musea, Vondelpark, etc. Perfect for 2 or 3 adults or a family with 2 kids.","Nice and light apartment with a sunny garden. Perfect for a couple with (or without) kids. The apartment has 2 bedrooms: 1 masterbedroom and 1 for the kids. A third adult can sleep on the couch and there is an extra room for the kids to play. Also an extra cod is available.  It's located in an nice area nearby the citycentre (f.e. Dam square is 10 min by tram) with a lot of good horeca, artshops, playgrounds, etc. The tramstation is 2 minutes walk (for the lines 7, 12, 13 and 14) and by tram it's easy to reach the big musea (10 min to the Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk), Rembrandtsquare, Leidseplein, Artis, the Central Station, etc. De bathroom has a good shower and bath. There's a washingmachine and a dishwasher. Wifi available.","Spacious apartment with a sunny garden, located in one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. A lot of green,restaurants, bars and galleries. Close to the city center, the big musea, Vondelpark, etc. Perfect for 2 or 3 adults or a family with 2 kids. Nice and light apartment with a sunny garden. Perfect for a couple with (or without) kids. The apartment has 2 bedrooms: 1 masterbedroom and 1 for the kids. A third adult can sleep on the couch and there is an extra room for the kids to play. Also an extra cod is available.  It's located in an nice area nearby the citycentre (f.e. Dam square is 10 min by tram) with a lot of good horeca, artshops, playgrounds, etc. The tramstation is 2 minutes walk (for the lines 7, 12, 13 and 14) and by tram it's easy to reach the big musea (10 min to the Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk), Rembrandtsquare, Leidseplein, Artis, the Central Station, etc. De bathroom has a good shower and bath. There's a washingmachine and a dishwasher. Wifi available.",,,treath it as your own house
