"Wonderful apartment with a wide view. All my guests had wonderful times in my house.  Take a breathe from the busy center; cool down, stroll in the park, swim in the lake or just chill on the couch. See my reviews. I love good communications!","Wonderful spacious apartment with a view on the lake. This beautifully designed waterfront apartment is situated on a very popular new island in Amsterdam. Only ten years old it is very comfortable and a little over 100 square metres. The wide view is unique so close to the busy centre of Amsterdam.  Located ground level means easy access to the waterfront. Start the day with a swim, excite your weekend with watersport activitie like surfing, sailing or canoeing. And in winter time skate with the dutch. The apartment has a sunny balcony on the south, guarded from the wind where you will enjoy the warmth in early spring. Open the sliding doors and let the air come in. The entire apartment is floor heated. Windows all around let all the light in. For more privacy they all have the same black blinds. Ask me for the movie of the house, it gives a great impression. The black glossy kitchen is fully equipped. Philips-Whirlpool built in refrigerator, freezer, hood, oven, stove, ceramic hob, n","Wonderful apartment with a wide view. All my guests had wonderful times in my house.  Take a breathe from the busy center; cool down, stroll in the park, swim in the lake or just chill on the couch. See my reviews. I love good communications! Wonderful spacious apartment with a view on the lake. This beautifully designed waterfront apartment is situated on a very popular new island in Amsterdam. Only ten years old it is very comfortable and a little over 100 square metres. The wide view is unique so close to the busy centre of Amsterdam.  Located ground level means easy access to the waterfront. Start the day with a swim, excite your weekend with watersport activitie like surfing, sailing or canoeing. And in winter time skate with the dutch. The apartment has a sunny balcony on the south, guarded from the wind where you will enjoy the warmth in early spring. Open the sliding doors and let the air come in. The entire apartment is floor heated. Windows all around let all the light in. Fo","IJburg is now ten years old. It's a totally new island only 15 minutes from Central Station. It's famous for the open air, the water all around and the wildlife. A great surrounding to shelter after visiting the hectic city.",My house is close to the tram stop. Within 15 minutes you are in the center of town; Central Station. From there you can explore by foot are connect to all the other public transportation.,"I expect respect. I'm not gonna set a whole lot of rules here, you will know what is decent and what is not. Having a very good connection with my neighbour who keeps an eye on my property."
