"Garden apartment in a centrally located and quiet area,with great strolls by the Amstel River and only a 15 minute walk away from the city center. The apartment is clean but personal and ideal for a couple or 2 friends.","It's a very clean but personal home; it shows my interests by photo's and art on the wall (food, wine, politics, Amsterdam, friends and family) but there's little furniture (kind of a less is more approach). And of course a great garden, including a hammock.  LIVING/DINING ROOM & KITCHEN  Nice big spacious completely refurbished kitchen and dinning/living room. Seats 4 people comfortably at the table - 3 extra seats if needed. Kitchen is fully equipped with fridge but without dishwasher (yes- old fashioned!). Plates, cutlery, pots, pans and kitchen knives are available. BATHROOM  Completely new bathroom with a two person sink and a  shower. Clean towels can be provided if required. Toilet is separate.  MASTER BEDROOM   Spacious room with double bed.  Fresh, clean linnen and towels are provided.  As a guest you are welcome to use everything available in my place. Of course there is wifi and a washing machine. I don' t have a dish washer so if you hate washing up your coffee cup, it's go","It's a very clean but personal home; it shows my interests by photo's and art on the wall (food, wine, politics, Amsterdam, friends and family) but there's little furniture (kind of a less is more approach). And of course a great garden, including a hammock.  LIVING/DINING ROOM & KITCHEN  Nice big spacious completely refurbished kitchen and dinning/living room. Seats 4 people comfortably at the table - 3 extra seats if needed. Kitchen is fully equipped with fridge but without dishwasher (yes- old fashioned!). Plates, cutlery, pots, pans and kitchen knives are available. BATHROOM  Completely new bathroom with a two person sink and a  shower. Clean towels can be provided if required. Toilet is separate.  MASTER BEDROOM   Spacious room with double bed.  Fresh, clean linnen and towels are provided.  As a guest you are welcome to use everything available in my place. Of course there is wifi and a washing machine. I don' t have a dish washer so if you hate washing up your coffee cup, it's go",,"The subway is 1 minute away: Central Station is 7 minutes by subway. My home is also located near trams and busses. Parking is expensive in Amsterdam. If you come by car, you can best park at the Park and Ride Amsterdam Arena. You can park for a euro a day, for a maximum of 4 days. From Arena it is a 15 minute metro ride to my home. Please do check the calendar of the Arena in advance: if Ajax plays, the P&R is to available. There are other P&R locations in Amsterdam as well though.",The most important rule;  treat my neighbours the way you would like to be treated. I trust you to do that. Specifically: keep it quiet in the garden after midnight - garden blocks can be noisy- especially when the weather is warm. No smoking in the apartment or indoor premises (Smoking in the garden; be my guest! do mind the neighbours) Apart from that it's only a 35 euro cleaning charge for the full stay.   Thanks for understanding!
