"With a vibe/charm of a real Amsterdam house like the olddays but modernized, great location (voted best location in Amsterdam by locals) near hip/cool local indoor market foodcentre (Foodhallen)/Cinema/bars/restaurant) in ""Oud West"". 50m2 appartment with lounge bank/sofa, 41inch flatscreen, Playstation4 with netflix), internet and portable airconditioning. Kitchen with dishwasher, Senseo coffee. Bedroom with 1 kingsize bed. Near everything (see photos)","Great spacy and bright appartment with a perfect location in ""Oud West"" near a local market with nice cafés, restaurants a indoor foodcentre (new) and a cinema (new). Walking distance from city centre, museum square (van Gogh, Rijksmuseum)!  You walk upstair my 50m2 bright appartment with a bedroom where you can also find the washingmachine, the kitchen with a bath and a separate shower. The living room with kitchen. In the kitchen you can find a Senseo coffee maker and a Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher and microwave. In the livingroom you will find a 41inch flatscreen TV, you have free internet and if you want u can use the PS4 with a few games.","With a vibe/charm of a real Amsterdam house like the olddays but modernized, great location (voted best location in Amsterdam by locals) near hip/cool local indoor market foodcentre (Foodhallen)/Cinema/bars/restaurant) in ""Oud West"". 50m2 appartment with lounge bank/sofa, 41inch flatscreen, Playstation4 with netflix), internet and portable airconditioning. Kitchen with dishwasher, Senseo coffee. Bedroom with 1 kingsize bed. Near everything (see photos) Great spacy and bright appartment with a perfect location in ""Oud West"" near a local market with nice cafés, restaurants a indoor foodcentre (new) and a cinema (new). Walking distance from city centre, museum square (van Gogh, Rijksmuseum)!  You walk upstair my 50m2 bright appartment with a bedroom where you can also find the washingmachine, the kitchen with a bath and a separate shower. The living room with kitchen. In the kitchen you can find a Senseo coffee maker and a Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher and microwave. In the livingr","You have everything you want in my neighbourhood! Nice bars everywhere and great restaurants for a descent price! Look outside the window and you can almost order pasta from ""Spagheteria""! Furthermore we have a new foodcentre with different kinds of food and to have a drink and here you can also find a cinema. Want to cook youreself? Go to the ""ten kate market"" for groceries! This all is around the corner from my house! 10 minute walk to city centre 10 minute walk to museum square with Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum.","Transportation is everywhere! Go to the left, right or straight away and you find a tramstation! Parking spaces (payed) are almost always available.",Consideration for the neighbors is required). Both my neigbors have small children. You can use all kind of machines and everything inside but use it properly. If anything doesn't work ask us.
