,"Staying in our house (new construction, three years old)means full recovery. With a nice garden and a private dock on the (swimming) water, you easily dream away. You and your children can play in and around the house, relax, exercise or admire the city of Amsterdam. Our house offers the unique combination of relaxing in a modern and light house with private garden on the waterfront in a quiet area, the possibility of the hustle and bustle of the city (15 minutes by tram) walk to the beach, port or the park (5 minutes), cycle through the typical North Holland landscape with picturesque villages. At 5 minutes walk you will find cozy restaurants, shops and tasteful boutiques.  The house has a spacious living room with a modern open kitchen. You start the day with a delicious espresso or cappuccino at the water or on the sidewalk! On the first floor are two bedrooms each with one double bed and a modern bathroom with bath and shower. On the second floor is an office room space and the thi","Staying in our house (new construction, three years old)means full recovery. With a nice garden and a private dock on the (swimming) water, you easily dream away. You and your children can play in and around the house, relax, exercise or admire the city of Amsterdam. Our house offers the unique combination of relaxing in a modern and light house with private garden on the waterfront in a quiet area, the possibility of the hustle and bustle of the city (15 minutes by tram) walk to the beach, port or the park (5 minutes), cycle through the typical North Holland landscape with picturesque villages. At 5 minutes walk you will find cozy restaurants, shops and tasteful boutiques.  The house has a spacious living room with a modern open kitchen. You start the day with a delicious espresso or cappuccino at the water or on the sidewalk! On the first floor are two bedrooms each with one double bed and a modern bathroom with bath and shower. On the second floor is an office room space and the thi","Our neighborhood is very suitable for families with children. Many children live in the street, there is a lot of opportunity to play and the neighbors are nice, helpful and welcoming. You'll feel right at home with us!","From Schiphol Airport take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (15-20 minutes), then take tram 26 to last stop IJburg (20 minutes). From there it is an 8-minute walk to our house.","We are obviously very fond of our house and our belongings. We expect that you are careful with our home, as you would expect from others. In our house you will find a folder with instructions of the different devices, WIFI and the keys."
