"Our green and sunny terrace is the heart of our living area on the 1st floor. The dining room and the salon have sliding doors to the terrace. On the 2nd floor: 1 bedroom, bathroom with shower and extra toilet. Public transport round the corner or cycle within 15-20 minutes to the city center. Easy to reach from Schiphol Airport by train and metro, just 1 stop, 20-25 minutes.","Please mail me before booking our place about  availability and price for the period you are interested in. I do not want to disappoint you. We offer our modern and light apartment (2 floors, own entry) when we go out of town. The apartment gives you lots of space, it is 115 square metres (1238 square feet) and nicely furnished with a modern floor and including a spacious terrace with sun  until late!  At the first floor are the hallway and a toilet, the kitchen, a dining room and a living room. Both rooms give entrance to the spacious and sunny terrace. The second floor has two bedrooms with double beds (1,4* 2 m and 1,6 *2 m), a bathroom with extra toilet and a washing machine area.  On request (additional 25€ per booking) we can accommodate a baby/ children up to 3 years bed (size 0,6* 1,2 m) with linen  in the larger bedroom. Each bedroom has its own TV + DVD player.  The living room has a TV as well. We have a vinyl records collection and a phonograph, as well as a CD collection a","Our green and sunny terrace is the heart of our living area on the 1st floor. The dining room and the salon have sliding doors to the terrace. On the 2nd floor: 1 bedroom, bathroom with shower and extra toilet. Public transport round the corner or cycle within 15-20 minutes to the city center. Easy to reach from Schiphol Airport by train and metro, just 1 stop, 20-25 minutes. Please mail me before booking our place about  availability and price for the period you are interested in. I do not want to disappoint you. We offer our modern and light apartment (2 floors, own entry) when we go out of town. The apartment gives you lots of space, it is 115 square metres (1238 square feet) and nicely furnished with a modern floor and including a spacious terrace with sun  until late!  At the first floor are the hallway and a toilet, the kitchen, a dining room and a living room. Both rooms give entrance to the spacious and sunny terrace. The second floor has two bedrooms with double beds (1,4* 2 m","Our neighborhood is a quiet domestic area located at the east side of a lake called ""De Sloterplas"". Grocery shops, thrift store, Turkish and Indonesian restaurants in walking distance. It is very easy to get to the center of the city in about 15-20 min. Busstop or metrostation 5 minutes walk.","In 5 minutes you'll find a subway station (called Postjesweg). From Postjesweg station  to Lelylaan station is 1 minute, to  Sloterdijk station is 5 minutes . Both stations are part of the railway-, subway- and other public transport networks.  The bus 18, also around the corner, will bring you to the Central Station and the Jordaan within 15 minutes. Even at night every hour bus 753 ( Central Station/Leidseplein) stops 5 min's from our home. From Schiphol Airport to our home is 20 minutes by public transport.","Smoking is not allowed inside, you can smoke on the terrace! Please respect our property and private belongings. Please respect our neighbors! After 22 o'clock please be quiet on the terrace. No pets, no parties!"
