"Nice spacious apartment near Amstel Station and RAI Convention Center.  TV with over 115 Channels and Very Fast Internet, perfect for streaming Netflix Movies. Located very near to the area of ""De Pijp"" with lots of bars, shops and restaurants.","Spacious and bright 3 room apartment with sunny south-facing balcony with view over a beautiful maintained garden, located a stone's throw from the Amstel River and just 10 min walking from the area ""de Pijp""(URL HIDDEN) * Apartment * The apartment, recently renovated, is located on the second floor and is fully furnished. There is a large bedroom, a large living room, which easily can be divided so that there is an additional bedroom, bathroom with sink and shower, a separate toilet, hair dryer and Washing and Drying units.  The kitchen is fully equiped with a 5 pits stove + 2 ovens, fridge, dishwasher, microwave and kitchenware.  The living room contains a large dinner table where 6 persons can have dinner. There is a 40 inch flatscreen TV (not shown on the pictures), including DVD and Video player. There is fast internet/wifi available (120 Mbps download/12 Mbps Upload) * Bedroom * There is one bedroom with a double bed (Auping 180x200cm) with two mattrasses) In the dining room is o","Nice spacious apartment near Amstel Station and RAI Convention Center.  TV with over 115 Channels and Very Fast Internet, perfect for streaming Netflix Movies. Located very near to the area of ""De Pijp"" with lots of bars, shops and restaurants. Spacious and bright 3 room apartment with sunny south-facing balcony with view over a beautiful maintained garden, located a stone's throw from the Amstel River and just 10 min walking from the area ""de Pijp""(URL HIDDEN) * Apartment * The apartment, recently renovated, is located on the second floor and is fully furnished. There is a large bedroom, a large living room, which easily can be divided so that there is an additional bedroom, bathroom with sink and shower, a separate toilet, hair dryer and Washing and Drying units.  The kitchen is fully equiped with a 5 pits stove + 2 ovens, fridge, dishwasher, microwave and kitchenware.  The living room contains a large dinner table where 6 persons can have dinner. There is a 40 inch flatscreen TV (no",,"There is a Tram stop, just 50 meters from my apartment The Amstel Train, Bus and Subway station is only 400 meter away",* Smoking is allowed on the Balcony * No loud music or loud noise after 9 pm * Upon Departure: - Please take bed linen of the bed and place it on the floor - Bring the garbage to the garbage bin outside on the street - Send me a TEXT message to inform me that you left the apartment
