,"Live and work at a lively waterway within walking distance of the famous district De Jordaan, the Westerchurch and the main canals.  In the former bookbinding building nice lofts have been built that guarantees a pleasant residential environment with preservation of industrial atmosphere.  The Bindery refers to the many years of bookbinding in the white building to the Kostverlorenvaart. In 2006 the book bindery moved to another location outside the city center. The apartment is 100 m2, modern furnished, spacious and bright. The kitchen is equiped with built-in washdisher an oven and a design Atag cooker. The bathroom has a walk-in shower, double sink and a sauna.   It is good to stay in my apartment mainly because it is located in a lively neighbourhood.  Although the apartment has only one specious bedroom with a double bed, it is possible in colsultation to use the sofabed for an extra quest. Every Saturday is a market at the Lindengracht and close to that at the Noordermarkt is an ","Live and work at a lively waterway within walking distance of the famous district De Jordaan, the Westerchurch and the main canals.  In the former bookbinding building nice lofts have been built that guarantees a pleasant residential environment with preservation of industrial atmosphere.  The Bindery refers to the many years of bookbinding in the white building to the Kostverlorenvaart. In 2006 the book bindery moved to another location outside the city center. The apartment is 100 m2, modern furnished, spacious and bright. The kitchen is equiped with built-in washdisher an oven and a design Atag cooker. The bathroom has a walk-in shower, double sink and a sauna.   It is good to stay in my apartment mainly because it is located in a lively neighbourhood.  Although the apartment has only one specious bedroom with a double bed, it is possible in colsultation to use the sofabed for an extra quest. Every Saturday is a market at the Lindengracht and close to that at the Noordermarkt is an ",,,
