"A very cozy private room with private bathing facilities (Shower, Sink, Toilet). The room has its own entrance, and own terrace, on the 3rd (top) floor.","Spacious room with private bathroom, and private terrace, all located on the same Floor. A very cozy private room with private bathing facilities (Shower, Sink, Toilet). The room has its own entrance, and own terrace, on the 3rd (top) floor. You will have a very nice, free view over the river Amstel, and the Martin Luther King Park. The room is located on a corner and is very light, but we have outdoor blinds to keep it dark while you are sleeping ;-). You can make tea or coffee in the room, and there is a refrigerator in the room for private use. There is also TV, wake-up radio, and free wireless internet 24/7. Microwave in the room is available upon request. For three persons there is a second bed available in the room (sleeping-couch), for € 10,- p.d. Room includes fresh linen and towels.  Linen will be refreshed every week, towels on request. Dutch full breakfast with fresh juice is on request and can be served for € 7,50 p.p. in your room, or in the breakfast room, which is locate","A very cozy private room with private bathing facilities (Shower, Sink, Toilet). The room has its own entrance, and own terrace, on the 3rd (top) floor. Spacious room with private bathroom, and private terrace, all located on the same Floor. A very cozy private room with private bathing facilities (Shower, Sink, Toilet). The room has its own entrance, and own terrace, on the 3rd (top) floor. You will have a very nice, free view over the river Amstel, and the Martin Luther King Park. The room is located on a corner and is very light, but we have outdoor blinds to keep it dark while you are sleeping ;-). You can make tea or coffee in the room, and there is a refrigerator in the room for private use. There is also TV, wake-up radio, and free wireless internet 24/7. Microwave in the room is available upon request. For three persons there is a second bed available in the room (sleeping-couch), for € 10,- p.d. Room includes fresh linen and towels.  Linen will be refreshed every week, towels ",,Walking distance (10 min.) to RAI congress centre 10 min walk to Tram 4  at Victoriesquare ( to Dam square takes 15 minutes) 15 min walk to Amstel train station ( Also Bike Rent). Highways A2 and A10 are around the corner.,...
