"Nice, beautiful and comfortable Apartment. Unique Bed very comfortable with luxury bedding.",Big apartment located on the first floor in the Rivierenbuurt / Pijp and has all luxery you need for a great city trip in this lovely city. The apt is about 70 m2 and has a big living room with flatscreen tv and a big cosy lounge bank. Right in between the living room and kitchen is a room with a big dining table. The kitchen itself is fully equiped with everything you need to prepare a lunch or diner. The big bedroom has a massive kingsize bed of 2.30 (!) meter wide. You will love it! The bedroom is located at the back of the apt and also have a nice balcony to sit on when the weather is good. Last but not least there is a second bedroom for my daughter. This room has a single bed but is not suitable for adults and is available for an extra 20 euro a night. I am renting out the apt because I stay at Ibiza a couple of times this year. During this my apt is for rent and one of my friends will always be available to open the door and help you with anything you need when necessary. The lo,Big apartment located on the first floor in the Rivierenbuurt / Pijp and has all luxery you need for a great city trip in this lovely city. The apt is about 70 m2 and has a big living room with flatscreen tv and a big cosy lounge bank. Right in between the living room and kitchen is a room with a big dining table. The kitchen itself is fully equiped with everything you need to prepare a lunch or diner. The big bedroom has a massive kingsize bed of 2.30 (!) meter wide. You will love it! The bedroom is located at the back of the apt and also have a nice balcony to sit on when the weather is good. Last but not least there is a second bedroom for my daughter. This room has a single bed but is not suitable for adults and is available for an extra 20 euro a night. I am renting out the apt because I stay at Ibiza a couple of times this year. During this my apt is for rent and one of my friends will always be available to open the door and help you with anything you need when necessary. The lo,"Famous places like the van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum (Rembrandt), Anne-Frank house, Heineken experience and Albert Cuyp market all are in walking distance, or easily reachable with a short bike or tram ride. -If you are visiting the RAI convention centre, then Jardin Dreams is the best place to stay. Enjoy the comfort of your own house when visiting a congress, convention or conference. In the morning you choose between a quick 3 min taxi ride or a 10 min wake-up walk to the RAI convention centre. -Please contact me if you have any questions, or you can check the calendar for availability. ","In Amsterdam and beyond, the public transport smart card (OV-chipkaart) is used for travel on trams, buses and metros. The most convenient options for visitors are one-hour cards, (multi) day cards, or an anonymous card which you can add more credit to at any time.","There are no spcial house rules but please just use the apt like it is your own. Don't make to much noise. I really don't want any arguments with my lovely neighbours. Smoking only on the balcony please. Further more, just enjoy your stay and have a great time in our beautiful city!"
