"Modern, three floor house in former Docklands. Quiet but close to city center. Three bedrooms, two bathrooms, sunny roof terrace with panoramic view. Private parking and good public transport close by. We like to rent our house to families.","Our 150 m2 light and modern house is a great place to explore Amsterdam. It is in the very central, yet quiet Eastern Docklands, 10 minutes by bus or tram from Central Station. In summer you can swim in the surrounding IJ, use the panoramic roof terrace or make a bike tour in the surrounding countryside.   Ground floor: main entrance through the garage, laundry area with washing machine and dryer, a large bedroom and bathroom. 1st floor: large living room with flat screen TV, Hi-Fi, iPod dock, comfortable sofa's etc., kitchen-dining area with glass sliding roof (glass roof and sun screen with remote controle). 2nd floor: master bedroom, another spacious bathroom, bedroom with a single bed and extra mattress. Our beds are of excellent quality and there is ample storage space. On the rooftop terrace we have lounge seats to chill out, drink or barbecue and a large table for breakfast, lunch or dinner.","Modern, three floor house in former Docklands. Quiet but close to city center. Three bedrooms, two bathrooms, sunny roof terrace with panoramic view. Private parking and good public transport close by. We like to rent our house to families. Our 150 m2 light and modern house is a great place to explore Amsterdam. It is in the very central, yet quiet Eastern Docklands, 10 minutes by bus or tram from Central Station. In summer you can swim in the surrounding IJ, use the panoramic roof terrace or make a bike tour in the surrounding countryside.   Ground floor: main entrance through the garage, laundry area with washing machine and dryer, a large bedroom and bathroom. 1st floor: large living room with flat screen TV, Hi-Fi, iPod dock, comfortable sofa's etc., kitchen-dining area with glass sliding roof (glass roof and sun screen with remote controle). 2nd floor: master bedroom, another spacious bathroom, bedroom with a single bed and extra mattress. Our beds are of excellent quality and the","Our house is located in the former Docklands area. It has been changed into a new, attractive living area; an interesting mix of innovative, internationally renewed modern architecture with stylish historical buildings related to the maritime history of this area. There are many art & design shops and a fair amount of restaurants, pubs and clubs. Nearby is Blijburg, the city beach of IJburg, a real hotspot, where you can swim and relax. Parks and colourful streets are to be found in the neighbouring ""Indische Buurt"". The famous Dapper Market is within walking distance. It is a quiet area but close to the city centre. The Eastern Docklands are an excellent place for walks: superb modern architecture in a historic setting.","Several tram lines stop close by. Perfect public transport connection with airport and central station. We have a private parking for car and bikes, accessible with remote controlled door.",* no smoking in the house (you can smoke at the roof terrace)  * damage; please call us * no students
