"We live in the main street of the lovely Old South part of Amsterdam. We have a light, styleful 75m2 apt, close to Vondelpark, Museum Quarter, Rai, shops and 10 minute bike ride to centre. Perfect if you're looking for that local experience! See u soon!","If you wish to have a great stay in one of the nicest areas in Amsterdam come stay at our place. The appartement is built in the 1930s and still has a classic look & feel. A large and open kitchen, dining room, chill living room and a clean bedroom with adjacent bathroom. If you're lucky and it's sunny you can chill on the balcony and hear the birds sing. You're close to all the best local spots and easy acces to public transportation.","We live in the main street of the lovely Old South part of Amsterdam. We have a light, styleful 75m2 apt, close to Vondelpark, Museum Quarter, Rai, shops and 10 minute bike ride to centre. Perfect if you're looking for that local experience! See u soon! If you wish to have a great stay in one of the nicest areas in Amsterdam come stay at our place. The appartement is built in the 1930s and still has a classic look & feel. A large and open kitchen, dining room, chill living room and a clean bedroom with adjacent bathroom. If you're lucky and it's sunny you can chill on the balcony and hear the birds sing. You're close to all the best local spots and easy acces to public transportation. Our house is your house! If it fits into both schedules, we will welcome you and show you around. Otherwise we'll make sure you will get the key and we'll give you some nice tips & to do's in Amsterdam. If you wish to have a great stay in one of the nicest areas in Amsterdam come stay at our place. The ap","If you wish to have a great stay in one of the nicest areas in Amsterdam come stay at our place. The appartement is built in the 1930s and still has a classic look & feel. A large and open kitchen, dining room, chill living room and a clean bedroom with adjacent bathroom. If you're lucky and it's sunny you can chill on the balcony and hear the birds sing. You're close to all the best local spots and easy acces to public transportation.","There's a tram and bus stop in our street which go every 5 minutes. The railway station Amsterdam-South is 5 minutes by tram. From there, Schiphol Airport is only 5 minutes by train. Rai convention centre is 5 minutes by bike or public transport.",Treat our place like you would treat yours.
