"In the ‘Rivierenbuurt’ district with its famous design in Amsterdam architectural style, you'll find this comfortable, spacious, bright apartment with a garden. Entering the apartment you will find the sunny living room with a half open kitchen.","Entering the apartment you will find the sunny living room with a half open kitchen on your left, on the street side. The kitchen is fully equipped, with a large refrigerator, dishwasher, and stove with a large oven. In the living room, which is connected to the kitchen, you will find a dining room table that sits 4 people. 2 extra chairs are available as well as 1 high chair. The living room is equipped with a design sofa and a flat screen television. The living room has an ensuite bedroom with two single beds. The whole apartment has beautiful wooden floors.  On the back side of the apartment you find the master bedroom with a box spring bed. This room is situated next to the garden and is very quiet. Fresh linnen is provided. Next to this bedroom you will find the bathroom with a separated toilet. The bathroom has a comfortable bathtub. Fresh towels are provided. The apartment sleeps 4 people comfortably. A crib is available. This apartment is ideal for a family with small children.","In the ‘Rivierenbuurt’ district with its famous design in Amsterdam architectural style, you'll find this comfortable, spacious, bright apartment with a garden. Entering the apartment you will find the sunny living room with a half open kitchen. Entering the apartment you will find the sunny living room with a half open kitchen on your left, on the street side. The kitchen is fully equipped, with a large refrigerator, dishwasher, and stove with a large oven. In the living room, which is connected to the kitchen, you will find a dining room table that sits 4 people. 2 extra chairs are available as well as 1 high chair. The living room is equipped with a design sofa and a flat screen television. The living room has an ensuite bedroom with two single beds. The whole apartment has beautiful wooden floors.  On the back side of the apartment you find the master bedroom with a box spring bed. This room is situated next to the garden and is very quiet. Fresh linnen is provided. Next to this be","The elegant apartment is within walking distance of the famous ‘De Pijp’ district with the Albert Cuyp Market and its variety of restaurants and boutiques. You find a Coffee Company at the corner of the apartment block. There is a supermarket as well as various shops and restaurants around the corner in the Scheldestraat.  The famous Vondelpark is only a 10 minute bike ride away. You can rent bicycles everywhere nearby. A 15 minute walk will bring you to the Museum Quarter with the Van Gogh Museum, the Stedelijk Museum and the Rijks Museum. In a 15 minute bike ride you will find yourself at the Dam square. If you rather make use of public transportation, the neighborhood is very well served by city busses and trams. Furthermore the apartment is located close to the congress center RAI (15 minute walk) as well as the RAI Station. The apartment is therefore perfectly located for congress attendants.",Public transport works great in Amsterdam. Checkout the 9292 website to plan your trips.,"GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
