"Beautiful apartment (80m2) with big roof terrace located in the Museum Quarter, in the prestigious Old South area (Oud-Zuid). The light apartment is located within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark.  ","Beautiful apartment (80m2) with big roof terrace located in the Museum Quarter, in the prestigious Old South area (Oud-Zuid). The apartment is located within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark.   Apartment Very light spacious apartment (80m2) with one bedroom. Bedroom has a kingsize bed for two people. Nice dining room, sunny living room with 40” TV and DVD, comfortable desk and folding doors to the south-facing balcony. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, oven, magnetron, Nespresso machine and washing machine. Spacious roofterrace (65m2) where the sun can be enjoyed the entire day! Roofgarden Very large, green roofgarden (65m2) were you can enjoy the sun all day long. Actually, due to the build-in lights you can even stay after sunset as long as you like! The terrace has a nice loungeset, large dining table and you can even store your food, soda, wine or beers in the build in frigde. There is a small vegetable garden with strawberries, mint, rosemary, sage, parslay and toma","Beautiful apartment (80m2) with big roof terrace located in the Museum Quarter, in the prestigious Old South area (Oud-Zuid). The light apartment is located within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark.   Beautiful apartment (80m2) with big roof terrace located in the Museum Quarter, in the prestigious Old South area (Oud-Zuid). The apartment is located within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark.   Apartment Very light spacious apartment (80m2) with one bedroom. Bedroom has a kingsize bed for two people. Nice dining room, sunny living room with 40” TV and DVD, comfortable desk and folding doors to the south-facing balcony. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, oven, magnetron, Nespresso machine and washing machine. Spacious roofterrace (65m2) where the sun can be enjoyed the entire day! Roofgarden Very large, green roofgarden (65m2) were you can enjoy the sun all day long. Actually, due to the build-in lights you can even stay after sunset as long as you like! The terrace h",,,
