"Spacious apartment in the Pijp. 2 bedrooms, both with a double bed. Baby room with everything your child needs. Area with a lot of bars, restaurants and shops. Very close to the city center, RAI and the big museums","This house originally consisted of two apartments that are now connected by a spiral staircase.  It's a super light 2 floor corner apartment of 880 sq. ft (80m2) (Actually I think it's even a bit bigger). We have 6 windows per floor, including a great oriel window on the corner of the house, which provides a nice window sill to sit on. It has an open kitchen, two coffee machines and an Aerocino, to make yourself a perfect Cappucino. There's a dishwasher, and some English cooking books, so you can fix a nice dinner at home, if you don't feel like going out. We have a baby so there is a high chair and a playpen and there are lots of toys.   You can hook up your iPhone or iPod to sons sound system. There is a big bathroom upstairs with a washer, but there's also a laundromat across the street for the lazy traveler. Upstairs there are two bedrooms. The master bedroom has a king size boxspring bed (one mattress), a lot of space and a beautiful view. The other room is our daughter's. There i","Spacious apartment in the Pijp. 2 bedrooms, both with a double bed. Baby room with everything your child needs. Area with a lot of bars, restaurants and shops. Very close to the city center, RAI and the big museums This house originally consisted of two apartments that are now connected by a spiral staircase.  It's a super light 2 floor corner apartment of 880 sq. ft (80m2) (Actually I think it's even a bit bigger). We have 6 windows per floor, including a great oriel window on the corner of the house, which provides a nice window sill to sit on. It has an open kitchen, two coffee machines and an Aerocino, to make yourself a perfect Cappucino. There's a dishwasher, and some English cooking books, so you can fix a nice dinner at home, if you don't feel like going out. We have a baby so there is a high chair and a playpen and there are lots of toys.   You can hook up your iPhone or iPod to sons sound system. There is a big bathroom upstairs with a washer, but there's also a laundromat ac",,,Don't burn the house down please.
