"Centrally located appartement, near to the Albert Cuyp market. We are on holiday during these two weeks, so you are most welcome in our appartement!","Spacious and bright two bedroom apartment located in the middle of ‘De Pijp’, the vivid neighborhood filled with boutiques, galleries, (multicultural) restaurants and bars all within 300 meters walk. The Govert Flinckstraat is located between the Sarphati Park and the famous Albert Cuyp street market. Close to the museum square and the canals are only a 10 min walk. Tram stops within 300 meters at both ends of the street for public transport and by car it can easily be reached from the highway (A1, A2 and Ring A10) in just a couple of minutes. My apartment is located on the 3rd and 4th floor, is newly renovated, has a large and light living room, a nice bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The refrigerator even has an ice cube machine! In addition, facilities such as wifi, TV etc are available. I also have a roof terrace situated at the South (sun all day). Bed linen and towels are also provided.","Centrally located appartement, near to the Albert Cuyp market. We are on holiday during these two weeks, so you are most welcome in our appartement! Spacious and bright two bedroom apartment located in the middle of ‘De Pijp’, the vivid neighborhood filled with boutiques, galleries, (multicultural) restaurants and bars all within 300 meters walk. The Govert Flinckstraat is located between the Sarphati Park and the famous Albert Cuyp street market. Close to the museum square and the canals are only a 10 min walk. Tram stops within 300 meters at both ends of the street for public transport and by car it can easily be reached from the highway (A1, A2 and Ring A10) in just a couple of minutes. My apartment is located on the 3rd and 4th floor, is newly renovated, has a large and light living room, a nice bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The refrigerator even has an ice cube machine! In addition, facilities such as wifi, TV etc are available. I also have a roof terrace situated at the S",,,
