"Just renovated Great, spacious appartment on ground floor in quit street in vibrant area naar the Vondelpark. Public transport to city centre 2 min walking. Two bedrooms (1 with new aerobed:-) ) so up to 4 people.  We are trustworthy and communicate clearly with our guests. Check our reviews to find out what people have to say. Ciao!","Quick description: -2 bedrooms with one kingsize bed & 1 double (professional) aero bed - one bathroom - sunny garden - WiFi  - tv/ washer/ dryer/ music system We have a big appartment(100 m²) for rent with a nice sunny garden. It can sleep up to 4 people, 2 big bedrooms. It is situated very near the vondelpark in a quite and local neighborhood. Lot's of nice cafe's and restaurants around. The centre is approx 10 minutes by bike and the public transport is 2 minutes walking. Your car can be parked for free 10 minutes walking from the house.  It has all the comfort you need: fully equipped kitchen, with washer. Big bathroom with a bath and a shower, flat screen tv and wireless Internet. If you have any further questions please don't hesitate to send me an email. You're are very welcome to come and stay in always exciting Amsterdam! Ciao,  Noor  The entire house It is quit street but just around the corner you find Nice bars, restaurants and Some shops..and the best thing is the Vondelpa","Just renovated Great, spacious appartment on ground floor in quit street in vibrant area naar the Vondelpark. Public transport to city centre 2 min walking. Two bedrooms (1 with new aerobed:-) ) so up to 4 people.  We are trustworthy and communicate clearly with our guests. Check our reviews to find out what people have to say. Ciao! Quick description: -2 bedrooms with one kingsize bed & 1 double (professional) aero bed - one bathroom - sunny garden - WiFi  - tv/ washer/ dryer/ music system We have a big appartment(100 m²) for rent with a nice sunny garden. It can sleep up to 4 people, 2 big bedrooms. It is situated very near the vondelpark in a quite and local neighborhood. Lot's of nice cafe's and restaurants around. The centre is approx 10 minutes by bike and the public transport is 2 minutes walking. Your car can be parked for free 10 minutes walking from the house.  It has all the comfort you need: fully equipped kitchen, with washer. Big bathroom with a bath and a shower, flat sc","It is a quit street but just around the corner you find nice bars, restaurants and shops..A real local experience! and the best thing is the Vondelpark is just 5 minutes away!",Bike-Within 10 min biking through the Vondelpark you reach the centre  Tram- travel by tram( stop is 2 min away) Walk- you walk right in to amsterdam zuid with lots of nice places to see eat and experiences,To leave the house happy and like you found it!
