"Looking for a nice family house in Amsterdam? Our place is located in Amsterdam West in a quit neighbourhood,  parks and sport facilities all around.  From here you can easily enjoy our the city by tram, bus or metro.  Enjoy our modern light living!!","Our apartment is sunny, spacious and light and has a wooden floor. Besides the two bedrooms and the balconie it has a spacious living room with an open kitchen. The shiny white, stainless steel kitchen provides an oven, a dishwasher, a nespresso coffeemachine, a waiterboiler, a frigde, a big stove and a lot of kitchentools. There is a huge dinnertable for a least 6 persons. The livingroom is excellent for lounging with it's big grey comfortable couch, lounge chairs and 42"" flatscreen tv. There is free high speed WIFI. The 15m2 masterbedroom has a double bed (1.80m by 2.00m) and a large wardrobe. The second 12m2 bedroom has two single beds (trundle bed) a small wardrobe. Our bathroom has one washbasin, one bathe, a (rain)shower and a big mirror. There is a seperate toilet in the hall and a separate room for washing machine.","Looking for a nice family house in Amsterdam? Our place is located in Amsterdam West in a quit neighbourhood,  parks and sport facilities all around.  From here you can easily enjoy our the city by tram, bus or metro.  Enjoy our modern light living!! Our apartment is sunny, spacious and light and has a wooden floor. Besides the two bedrooms and the balconie it has a spacious living room with an open kitchen. The shiny white, stainless steel kitchen provides an oven, a dishwasher, a nespresso coffeemachine, a waiterboiler, a frigde, a big stove and a lot of kitchentools. There is a huge dinnertable for a least 6 persons. The livingroom is excellent for lounging with it's big grey comfortable couch, lounge chairs and 42"" flatscreen tv. There is free high speed WIFI. The 15m2 masterbedroom has a double bed (1.80m by 2.00m) and a large wardrobe. The second 12m2 bedroom has two single beds (trundle bed) a small wardrobe. Our bathroom has one washbasin, one bathe, a (rain)shower and a big mi","Amsterdam west is an upcoming neighbourhood. There are some trendy and cosy café's and lunchplaces in the area. The aparment is next to the Erasmuspark, a good place to BBQ or picknick and simply enjoy Amsterdam lifestyle (picknick supplies available) and also close to the westerpark and rembrandtpark, great for a good run or walk. On short walking-distance there are supermarkets, a biological grocery, a quality bakery and a outside market for the daily grouceries. We love to drink a nice glass of wine or have lunch at About Jackie. For a nice cold beer and a snack we go to the Sunny terrace at podium Mozaïek or to Cafe Pistou. For tapas you can go to Fossa. If you like Thaifood, go to Kratiamthai and we also love the sis kebab at Birtat. All these great places are within a 5 minutes walking distance.","The apartment is situated in the west of Amsterdam, in Bos en Lommer. By bike it is 10 minutes to the trendy Jordan-district or the city centre There are several trams and buses that bring you within 10 minutes to the city center. For example: bus 21 to Central Station, bus 15 to trainstation Sloterdijk that connects directly with Schiphol airport, tram 14 to Dam square, Rembrandplein or Artis Zoo and tram 7 to Leidseplein. PARKING! The apartment is close to the P+R located at the Bos en Lommerplein. Parking in a P+R car park costs only € 8 per 24 hours - with a maximum parking time of 96 hours. This fee includes FREE public transport to the centre of Amsterdam for a maximum of five people. If you are staying longer then 96 hours we advise you to pay and leave the carpark within the 96 hours, and then enter the carpark again, so you can enjoy another 96 hours of parking!","We would like you to feel at home and look after the place as if it were your own. It is very much our home so I welcome responsible people, who are happy to be here. Please note that there are neighbours. Be quiet after 10 pm and respect all things and people. No unruly or illegal behaviour."
