"Nice and bright 4-room apartment (70m2) in an upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam, close to the city centre. The house has a large and nice kitchen, two bedrooms with 2 double beds and a spacious living room and a lovely garden (140m2).","Nice and bright 4-room apartment (70m2) in Amsterdam, close to the city centre. The house has a large and nice kitchen, two bedrooms and a spacious living room . The lovely garden (140m2) on the southwest gets sun from 12pm to 7pm. Kitchen with all appliances like (espresso) coffee machine, kettle, oven, fridge, dishwasher and plenty of herbs (if you want to do serious cooking); comfortable and cosy living room with a big table (seats 8 people), TV screen and DVD-player. Free wifi available. Quiet street in ""Baarsjes""-area close to the J.P. Heijestraat, Kinkerstraat and the Ten Kate Market/The Hallen. The neighbourhood is lively, well located (tram nr. 7, nr. 12, nr. 13, nr. 14 and nr. 17 all stop around the corner) and an upcoming area in Amsterdam: in a walking distance you’ll find many trendy bars and cosy restaurants. Central station is only 15 minutes away per tram 13, the Jordaansdistrict 10 minutes with tram 13 or 14, Leidschesquare is 10 minutes away with tram 7. But better tak","Nice and bright 4-room apartment (70m2) in an upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam, close to the city centre. The house has a large and nice kitchen, two bedrooms with 2 double beds and a spacious living room and a lovely garden (140m2). Nice and bright 4-room apartment (70m2) in Amsterdam, close to the city centre. The house has a large and nice kitchen, two bedrooms and a spacious living room . The lovely garden (140m2) on the southwest gets sun from 12pm to 7pm. Kitchen with all appliances like (espresso) coffee machine, kettle, oven, fridge, dishwasher and plenty of herbs (if you want to do serious cooking); comfortable and cosy living room with a big table (seats 8 people), TV screen and DVD-player. Free wifi available. Quiet street in ""Baarsjes""-area close to the J.P. Heijestraat, Kinkerstraat and the Ten Kate Market/The Hallen. The neighbourhood is lively, well located (tram nr. 7, nr. 12, nr. 13, nr. 14 and nr. 17 all stop around the corner) and an upcoming area in Amsterdam: in ","The Baarsjes, the neighbourhood my house is situated in is an upcoming and gentrified area. There are many nice restaurants (from fancy to small and cozy), parks and shops. In the house manual I have put tips and tricks of the surroundings.","Parking is payed in my area. Costs are € 2,4 per hour from monday to saturday from 09:00-24:00. Trams 12,13,14 and 7 stop right around the corner of my house and will take your around the city. Check Maps to plan your trip around town. The best way to transport yourself is by bike! There is a bike rental shop around the corner. The travel from Schiphol Airport to my house takes about 30 minutes by public transport and 20 minutes by cab or car.","I own a lovely cat named Henk. If you would like to stay at my place Henk is all in and willing to cuttle. He uses the garden a lot and is free to move in and out of the house. So no litter has to be changed. There are no specific rules, just treat my house if it where your own, and smoking is only allowed in the garden. Further feel welcome at my place and my favorite city! GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replac"
