"Cosy and fully equipped apartment with two bedrooms. One has a kingsize bed and the other a kingsize brand new sofa couch. Living room, kitchen and bathroom. The apartment is located in a great area close to the city center. Young workers own the apartment so the apartment suits anyone!","Cosy and fully equipped apartment with two bedrooms each with a king size bed. Living room, kitchen and bathroom. The apartment is located in a great area close to the city center. Young workers own the apartment so the apartment suits anyone! The apartment has two bedrooms, each with a king size bed and good light coming in, a living room with a table for 6-8 people and very big soft couch to fall asleep in after a day of museum hopping or a tough night out, a fully equipped kitchen and a very clean bathroom with towels. The balcony at the back isn't very big, but gets sunlight all throughout the day. The little balcony at the front is good for end of day sun.  The apartment has wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, tv, two ovens! I will be gone when you are around, but I am very much willing to answer any question or help with anything! The area is called De Pijp. The other very nice area is De Jordaan, De Pijp is one of the upcoming neighborhoods and is close to the center. Amsterdam i","Cosy and fully equipped apartment with two bedrooms. One has a kingsize bed and the other a kingsize brand new sofa couch. Living room, kitchen and bathroom. The apartment is located in a great area close to the city center. Young workers own the apartment so the apartment suits anyone! Cosy and fully equipped apartment with two bedrooms each with a king size bed. Living room, kitchen and bathroom. The apartment is located in a great area close to the city center. Young workers own the apartment so the apartment suits anyone! The apartment has two bedrooms, each with a king size bed and good light coming in, a living room with a table for 6-8 people and very big soft couch to fall asleep in after a day of museum hopping or a tough night out, a fully equipped kitchen and a very clean bathroom with towels. The balcony at the back isn't very big, but gets sunlight all throughout the day. The little balcony at the front is good for end of day sun.  The apartment has wifi, washing machine, ","The area is called De Pijp and is therefore next to one of the two nicest area's of Amsterdam, De Pijp. The other one is De Jordaan, De nieuwe Pijp is one of the very upcoming neighborhoods and is close to the center. Amsterdam isn't very big so you should be good anywhere close to the center, but this neighborhood has a variety of good restaurants, nice bars and some good shops, all very affordable. The main supermarket, Albert Heijn, is literally 5 seconds from the doorstep, if you run, real fast, it's possible, really.","Public transport is easy to get to and well organized around this area. You can take the tram 4 at the corner which takes you right to the center of the city and the trams 4 blocks away easily take you to the other side of town, West Amsterdam, one of the other very upcoming area's.",
