"This 150 sq. m. spacious studio apartment, with a small private patio is on the ground floor (no stairs) and located in the ‘Pijp’ district.   A nice park, the famous Albert Cuyp day market and a wide choice of bars and restaurants that give this area its special flavor are just around the corner. The museum district is at 10 minutes walking and at 5 minutes you'l find the tram stop to go to the hearth of Amsterdam and Central Station.","The apartment has a very spacious living and dining area, a two person bedroom plus two separate beds in the studio and living space. The fully equipped open kitchen is centrally placed in the house and there is a nice patio located to the south where you can have your breakfast or a quiet private late night drink. The studio space at the street side in the front of the house is not really for use, unless your visit to Amsterdam brought you unstoppable creative inspiration, than bring your own materials. ","This 150 sq. m. spacious studio apartment, with a small private patio is on the ground floor (no stairs) and located in the ‘Pijp’ district.   A nice park, the famous Albert Cuyp day market and a wide choice of bars and restaurants that give this area its special flavor are just around the corner. The museum district is at 10 minutes walking and at 5 minutes you'l find the tram stop to go to the hearth of Amsterdam and Central Station. The apartment has a very spacious living and dining area, a two person bedroom plus two separate beds in the studio and living space. The fully equipped open kitchen is centrally placed in the house and there is a nice patio located to the south where you can have your breakfast or a quiet private late night drink. The studio space at the street side in the front of the house is not really for use, unless your visit to Amsterdam brought you unstoppable creative inspiration, than bring your own materials. As the apartment has an open floor lay-out you hav","The apartment is located in the ‘Pijp’ district. A nice park, famous Albert Cuyp day market and a wide choice of bars and restaurants that give this area its special flavor are just around the corner. The museum district where you find the famous Rijksmuseum, the Stedelijk and the Van Gogh museum is at walking distance. Also the old center of the city can be reached easily by foot. Although all the grocery shops, supermarkets and day-market are very near to the apartment you can expand your action radius by renting a bike, as the Dutch do. Bikes rentals also around the corner.   ",The apartment can easily be reached by tram from the Amsterdam Central Station. The trip by tram lasts approximately half an hour and rides you right through the old center of town.,Do feel at home but keep in mind that you have neighbors.
