"A spacious, modern duplex apartment located in trendy Amsterdam-Oost, 15 min from the city centre, close to shops, bars and various international cuisine restaurants.  2 floors, 4 bedrooms, an open kitchen and living room opening up to a terrace. Suitable for families with up to 3 children, for couples or for up to 4 friends!","A spacious, modern duplex apartment (110m2)  in the Eastern part of Amsterdam, 15 min from the city centre, close to shops, bars and various international cuisine restaurants, a 2 min walk from the park and an even shorter walk to the 'Dapper' market voted the best market in Europe. Our home has a unique and very comfortable layout spread over two floors (1st and 2nd). The bottom floor contains 4 bedrooms: one is used as a master bedroom with a double bed, two children bedrooms (one is a nursery) and one used as a dressing room with a built in wardrobe. The 1st floor also has a bathroom and toilet in one including a bathtub and shower. The top floor is a very spacious living room with a half open kitchen, opening to a large balcony/terrace where you can sunbathe and relax. A huge corner sofa, top quality sound system and a flat screen TV - all you need for great entertainment. The top floor also has a toilet. The apartment is beautifully furnished with a fully equipped kitchen, which h","A spacious, modern duplex apartment located in trendy Amsterdam-Oost, 15 min from the city centre, close to shops, bars and various international cuisine restaurants.  2 floors, 4 bedrooms, an open kitchen and living room opening up to a terrace. Suitable for families with up to 3 children, for couples or for up to 4 friends! A spacious, modern duplex apartment (110m2)  in the Eastern part of Amsterdam, 15 min from the city centre, close to shops, bars and various international cuisine restaurants, a 2 min walk from the park and an even shorter walk to the 'Dapper' market voted the best market in Europe. Our home has a unique and very comfortable layout spread over two floors (1st and 2nd). The bottom floor contains 4 bedrooms: one is used as a master bedroom with a double bed, two children bedrooms (one is a nursery) and one used as a dressing room with a built in wardrobe. The 1st floor also has a bathroom and toilet in one including a bathtub and shower. The top floor is a very spac","You will feel most comfortable there. Our house is located the greenest and trendiest part of Amsterdam with everything on offer: great shops, restaurants, cafe's, parks, playgrounds, bars, music venues and museums.","By bike it only takes 7 min to the Waterloo Square and 15 min to the Dam. Public transport is also literally around the corner: tram 7 to Leidse Square, tram 3 to Museum Square, tram 9 to Dam Square. You will never spend more than 15 min in the tram to get to one of Amsterdam's central locations. Moreover, it's a 2 min walk to the famous 'Tropen' (tropical) museum (we do recommend it!) and a 10 min walk to the Amsterdam Zoo ('Artis'). Should you like to make daytrips to other cities or places in The Netherlands, our house is located near-by a train station (Muiderpoort). It's a 2 min walk!","We are offering all the comfort we have ourselves, so we hope you will respect our house and personal belongings.  Please use the kitchen uitilities, but be careful about not leaving the gas or electric grill on before leaving the house. Please do not smoke in the house, but you can smoke on the terrace (if you must). If you borrow any of our books, CD's or DVD's, please treat them with respect and put them back on their shelf. Our cleaning lady comes once a week (on Thursdays), so you will not need to do the cleaning yourself. If you do for whatever reason, please do not use any strong chemicals for the floor or for the bathroom sink. Should you bring your own laptop, tablet or smartphone, we will leave the wireless password out for you so you can use the internet (we have fiber glass, so the connection speed is great!). Please remember to close and lock the door to the balcony/terrace before leaving the house."
