"Hip, spacious, cozy and very light appartement at the 3dr and 4th flour. Around (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) . Roofterras, bathroom with tub, 2 bedrooms, luxurious kitchen, hardwood flours, 2 toilets. Nice city area with local shops, park and market. Easily reachable by public transport.","Very quiet, spacious and light appartement in a nice local non-touristy neigbourhood. Easy acces to all the sights in Amsterdam. Also close to a trainstation that takes you to the airport, the hague etc.","Hip, spacious, cozy and very light appartement at the 3dr and 4th flour. Around (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) . Roofterras, bathroom with tub, 2 bedrooms, luxurious kitchen, hardwood flours, 2 toilets. Nice city area with local shops, park and market. Easily reachable by public transport. Very quiet, spacious and light appartement in a nice local non-touristy neigbourhood. Easy acces to all the sights in Amsterdam. Also close to a trainstation that takes you to the airport, the hague etc. Third flour *fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher, espressomachine, pots/pans/glasses/cutterly etc etc) *huge dinnertable  *sunny balcony *nice sitting area with 2 big couches, tv with dutch and international channels *toilet *washing machine, dryer Fourth flour *1 master bedroom with 180x220 cm bed. *nursury *bathroom with 'rain'shower, tub, toilet, double sink. *Cozy roofterras with lounge area (seats 8) and dinnertable. We will sent you our 'how-to' guide about the house. This will explain pretty mu","Nice stuff in out neigbourhood (within walking distance): *Ten Kate Market - a nice neigbourhood Market with dutch, turkisch, surinam, vietnamese treats. *Nice bars/restaurants: Edel, Kostverloren, Baks, Radijs, and many more. *grocerystore (Albert Heijn) and other everyday shopping around the corner.  ",Tram 7 and 17 to the city center within 2 minutes walk. 15 minutes bij public transport from Schiphol airport.  We'd be happy to give you information about your public transport options.,"*Smoking ONLY in the balcony and roofterras. *We love our home. Enjoy it as much as we do, but please treat it the way you would your own."
