"Ground- and firstfloor house in a cosy and peacefull area. Just walk through the Vondelpark to go downtown and musea. Childfriendly, with a green garden, tabletennis, trampoline. Big playground in front of the door. We have 4 bikes and 3 sweet cats.","Our cosy and comfortable house has two floors, a nice green garden (with trampoline and tabletennis and a lounge sofa), two balcony's and a conservatory. It is suitable for 6 people. And situated in a peacefull, quiet and (child)friendly neighborhood. Opposite our house is a big playground for young and older children. And we live next to the famous Vondelpark. You can easily walk or bike through the Vondelpark to reach the center of Amsterdam. Shops and terraces are within one minute walking. The Van Gogh museum, Museum of Modern Art and the Rijksmuseum takes only a five-minute bike-ride (we have 5 bikes for you) through the park. Public transport is around the corner. It only takes a few minutes to get downtown. You can easely walk. FEATURES: • We have free wifi • Garden, with table-tennis and trampoline • Two balcony's • Five bikes • Central, yet quiet location• 4 bedrooms sleeping 6 • 1 bathroom with bath and shower • 2 toilets• Two dining tables, seating 8 • Big (42"") flatscreen T","Ground- and firstfloor house in a cosy and peacefull area. Just walk through the Vondelpark to go downtown and musea. Childfriendly, with a green garden, tabletennis, trampoline. Big playground in front of the door. We have 4 bikes and 3 sweet cats. Our cosy and comfortable house has two floors, a nice green garden (with trampoline and tabletennis and a lounge sofa), two balcony's and a conservatory. It is suitable for 6 people. And situated in a peacefull, quiet and (child)friendly neighborhood. Opposite our house is a big playground for young and older children. And we live next to the famous Vondelpark. You can easily walk or bike through the Vondelpark to reach the center of Amsterdam. Shops and terraces are within one minute walking. The Van Gogh museum, Museum of Modern Art and the Rijksmuseum takes only a five-minute bike-ride (we have 5 bikes for you) through the park. Public transport is around the corner. It only takes a few minutes to get downtown. You can easely walk. FEATU","Stunning location: Very quite and peaceful square, jet within walking distance (walk or bike through the lovely Vondelpark!) to the historic centre, canals, shopping area and to most musea. We have a playground across the street, shops, lovely restaurants, supermarket and very good bakery around the corner. Public transport in one minutes walk, Vondelparc in a two minutes walk. No Party Policy! We like our neighbours : ) Most have children and in a 100 hundred year old (renovated) house you can easily hear each others music.","Public transport around the corner, at one minute walking distance. Trainstation (Lelylaan) in 5 minutes. Schiphol is 15 minutes by taxi. (+/-) 25 euro by cab. Free parking easely reachable by public transport (4 kilometers). Walk through the famous Vondelpak to reach the centre, shopping area and most musea. Or take our (5) bikes. Few minutes to downtown. Super!","No Party Policy! We like our neighbours : ) Most have children and in a 100 hundred year old (renovated) house you can easily hear each others music. Please, no smoking Please take care of our three cats (just feeding because they are outside most of the time).  Please mind our neighbours Please dubbel-lock the doors when leaving Enjoy your stay!"
