"Perfectly situated in the vibrant Jordaan area, this apartment can be your icing on the cake during your stay. Enjoy a glass of wine on the balcony or prepare your  dinner in the modern open kitchen of this stylish and well-furnished apartment.","For the first time, I want to share my cosy and beautiful apartment located on a quiet street and canal but just a stone’s throw away of the hustle and bustle of the Jordaan area and the Anne Frank house.  Yes! You can see ducks swimming and boats cruising by on a beautiful day whilst enjoying breakfast on the balcony.  Yes! You are perfectly located in Amsterdam with all most important sights and activities within a 10-15 minutes walking reach.  Yes! This apartment will complete your trip to Amsterdam! Apartment details: The apartment has been renewed just over a year ago and offers two bedrooms with two double beds and a modern and open kitchen in a spacious and well-furnished living room. The living room is really large, provides access to the small balcony and includes a dining table, TV, wifi, Smeg refrigerator, chairs and couches. The apartment is well lit because of the many windows overlooking the canal. Couches are perfect to relax after a long day of visiting the many things ","Perfectly situated in the vibrant Jordaan area, this apartment can be your icing on the cake during your stay. Enjoy a glass of wine on the balcony or prepare your  dinner in the modern open kitchen of this stylish and well-furnished apartment. For the first time, I want to share my cosy and beautiful apartment located on a quiet street and canal but just a stone’s throw away of the hustle and bustle of the Jordaan area and the Anne Frank house.  Yes! You can see ducks swimming and boats cruising by on a beautiful day whilst enjoying breakfast on the balcony.  Yes! You are perfectly located in Amsterdam with all most important sights and activities within a 10-15 minutes walking reach.  Yes! This apartment will complete your trip to Amsterdam! Apartment details: The apartment has been renewed just over a year ago and offers two bedrooms with two double beds and a modern and open kitchen in a spacious and well-furnished living room. The living room is really large, provides access to th",,,No smoking and no drugs in the house
