Spacious apartment at the city center and the famous Vondelpark. Great restaurants and public transportation nearby,"This trendy home is in a desired neighborhood, surrounded by restaurants, cafes, small shops and much more! When in the appartment you won't notice it's in the city as it's quiet and peacefull. This is a complete apartment for 2 persons and possibly a child, just a few steps away from the famous Vondelpark and close by the Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum, Concertgebouw and the Van Gogh, etc.  The Vondelpark is a 1 min walk, just around the corner. It's a 7 min bike ride through the beautiful park to the main tourist area Leidseplein with it's great nightlife. Only 200 meters away there is a direct tram connection to the Center of Amsterdam and the Central Station.   This is a clean and spacious apartment, with a sunny garden. The bedding, towels are available in the apartment and also the cleaning is included! Including everything you will need:  - WiFi Internet access  - Widescreen TV  - DVD Player  - Big dining table to sit 6 comfortably - Washing machine  - Complete kitchen with ev","Spacious apartment at the city center and the famous Vondelpark. Great restaurants and public transportation nearby This trendy home is in a desired neighborhood, surrounded by restaurants, cafes, small shops and much more! When in the appartment you won't notice it's in the city as it's quiet and peacefull. This is a complete apartment for 2 persons and possibly a child, just a few steps away from the famous Vondelpark and close by the Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum, Concertgebouw and the Van Gogh, etc.  The Vondelpark is a 1 min walk, just around the corner. It's a 7 min bike ride through the beautiful park to the main tourist area Leidseplein with it's great nightlife. Only 200 meters away there is a direct tram connection to the Center of Amsterdam and the Central Station.   This is a clean and spacious apartment, with a sunny garden. The bedding, towels are available in the apartment and also the cleaning is included! Including everything you will need:  - WiFi Internet access  ",,,"HOUSE RULES (sorry, there have to be rules:)) Tranquility  Please respect each other's well deserved sleep and try to be quiet should you come in at a late hour. No loud noises from 10pm – 8am. Screaming and shouting is not welcome over the day too ;-) Check-in/check-out  Standard check-in is 3PM and check-out 11AM. However it can be flexible, but needs to be confirmed on forehand. Keys The front door key is unique and not easy to replace. It requires an expensive certificate. This will cost us € 50,- so needless to say, please do not lose the key. This will be deducted from your deposit. Pets Sorry, no pets allowed. Strangers  Strangers are not allowed into the apartments without our permission. Smoking  Smoking is not allowed inside the apartment. You can smoke in the garden. Alcohol, (soft)drugs  The trade or use of (soft)drugs and alcohol abuse is not permitted. Breaking of stuff/incidents Things can break. That's life. I would appreciate it if you just tell me so I can replace it."
