"Modern apartment in IJburg, Amsterdam. 2 Bedrooms. Free wifi and TV. Parking (additional € 15 per night). 2 private terraces and a adjacent common outdoors.  Outstanding transport facilities (15 m. to city center, every 6 m.). Shops, restaurants, beach within walking distance.","100 m2 of space, divided over 2 floors. 4 persons will easily have a comfortable stay. The modern kitchen is fully equipped (induction cooker, oven, dishwasher and large fridge with freezer. Master bedroom has 1 bed with 2 mattresses, of which head and foot can separately be adjusted in height. The second bedroom has a comfortable sleeping couch.  The spacious bathroom has a shower and sink.","Modern apartment in IJburg, Amsterdam. 2 Bedrooms. Free wifi and TV. Parking (additional € 15 per night). 2 private terraces and a adjacent common outdoors.  Outstanding transport facilities (15 m. to city center, every 6 m.). Shops, restaurants, beach within walking distance. 100 m2 of space, divided over 2 floors. 4 persons will easily have a comfortable stay. The modern kitchen is fully equipped (induction cooker, oven, dishwasher and large fridge with freezer. Master bedroom has 1 bed with 2 mattresses, of which head and foot can separately be adjusted in height. The second bedroom has a comfortable sleeping couch.  The spacious bathroom has a shower and sink. The apartment is fully at your disposal.  Owner will only be present at check-in and check-out. For your convenience, interaction will be limited only to cases of necessity. Lots of possibilities to enjoy outdoors, e.q. Diemerpark, Fort Diemerdam, Blijburg, City Beach, IJburg Harbour, restaurants, cafe's.  Kit & Polo stayed i","Lots of possibilities to enjoy outdoors, e.q. Diemerpark, Fort Diemerdam, Blijburg, City Beach, IJburg Harbour, restaurants, cafe's.  Kit & Polo stayed in July 2014 and wrote: ""The location is very great! You walk for 2 mins will arrive the tram station, easy to get the central of Amsterdam. Some restaurants and supermarket near by the apartment. The apartment is clean and comfortable! And the host Piet is very nice and kind, if we have other chance to visit Amsterdam again, i will stay at this apartment again! Thank you very much Piet. Kit & Polo""","Tram 26 takes you to the Amsterdam Central Station in 15 mins; every 6 m. In 20 mins. bus 66 will take you Arena, Ziggo Dome and Heineken Music Hall. In-building parking space is available at surcharge of € 15 per 24 hrs. P+R Zeeburg is just 4 stops by tram away.","If you smoke indoors, I shall recoup the full deposit. Drugs (incl. weed) will not be tolerated in and around the house. Please respect the neighbors and their kids.  No noise between 22:00 and 08:00 hrs.  The apartment is only rented to you, so other people are not allowed in the house. Perfroming commercial activities is not permitted."
