,"Spacefull appartment for 4 persons on third and fourth floor of classic appartmentbuilding in lively neighbourhood ""de Pijp""! Appartment Entrance, hallway, kitchen, toilet, study-/1p bedroom, big living- and diningroom with balcony on the third floor. The 1p bedroom has a very comfortable single bed (90x200cm). Two big bedrooms and modern bathroom on the fourth floor. The master bedroom has a very comfortable double bed (180x200cm) and the second bedroom has an inflatable bed ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) cm)    Because the appartment is in a corner building, there is much daylight in every room and good view on the streets from every room.  The balcony is on the northeast, which means breakfast until 12.00am in the sun and some coolness in the afternoon and evening of a hot sunny day. The balcony gives room for 2 people sitting at the table. Please use television, internet, washing- and dryingmachine, dishwasher, big refrigerator with fridge! Area The neighbourhood ""de Pijp"" is ve","Spacefull appartment for 4 persons on third and fourth floor of classic appartmentbuilding in lively neighbourhood ""de Pijp""! Appartment Entrance, hallway, kitchen, toilet, study-/1p bedroom, big living- and diningroom with balcony on the third floor. The 1p bedroom has a very comfortable single bed (90x200cm). Two big bedrooms and modern bathroom on the fourth floor. The master bedroom has a very comfortable double bed (180x200cm) and the second bedroom has an inflatable bed ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) cm)    Because the appartment is in a corner building, there is much daylight in every room and good view on the streets from every room.  The balcony is on the northeast, which means breakfast until 12.00am in the sun and some coolness in the afternoon and evening of a hot sunny day. The balcony gives room for 2 people sitting at the table. Please use television, internet, washing- and dryingmachine, dishwasher, big refrigerator with fridge! Area The neighbourhood ""de Pijp"" is ve",,,No smoking allowed No pets allowed Max. 5 persons
