"Beautiful large, light and luxury design townhouse. Located in the hip and centrally located Oud-West neighbourhood, which is only 10min on foot from the city center, Museumdistrict and Vondelpark King size bed (5star hotel quality), garden with bbq, open living room/kitchen, beautiful bathroom, 2 city bikes included, high speed wifi",Luxury design townhouse with large open spaces and windows. Beautifully decorated in an industrial style. The big garden is a unique feature in Amsterdam,"Beautiful large, light and luxury design townhouse. Located in the hip and centrally located Oud-West neighbourhood, which is only 10min on foot from the city center, Museumdistrict and Vondelpark King size bed (5star hotel quality), garden with bbq, open living room/kitchen, beautiful bathroom, 2 city bikes included, high speed wifi Luxury design townhouse with large open spaces and windows. Beautifully decorated in an industrial style. The big garden is a unique feature in Amsterdam All amenities one can possibly think of, including: high speed wifi, cable television, Playstation, Netflix, Sonos, 2 city bikes, big 2 person bath, gas bbq, terrace heater Check in and check out. Always available by phone or email for any questions Right next to the daily food market on the Ten Cate Straat and the newly opened and very hip Foodhallen with restaurants, bars and theatres Only 20 minutes from Schiphol airport with public transport or taxi. The tram-stop which takes you all around Amsterdam ","Right next to the daily food market on the Ten Cate Straat and the newly opened and very hip Foodhallen with restaurants, bars and theatres",Only 20 minutes from Schiphol airport with public transport or taxi. The tram-stop which takes you all around Amsterdam (including straight to the Central Station) is just 1 min away. Free city bikes included - the best way to get around Amsterdam and feel like a local.,"No smoking allowed and please beware of the neighbours with little kids, no noise outside after 11pm and no loud music inside. Thank you!"
