"Are you looking for a lovely stay in the beautiful Amsterdam? This bright and large apartment is located in the vibrant 'Rivierenbuurt'. Close to the neighborhood called De Pijp, the famous Albert Cuyp Market and the Museum Square.","This bright and large apartment is in the vibrant 'Rivierenbuurt'. Close to the neighbourhood of De Pijp and the famous Albert Cuyp Markt and the Museum Square. Rent a bike and cycle all over the city, like a real Dutchie, this place has all there is to offer in this awesome city. Public transport (tram, train and metro) are nearby.  The apartment is over 85m2 and has 1 bedroom, a large living room and a dining room, separated by gorgeous antique ensuite sliding doors. A kitchen with a little balcony. The uniquely huge bathroom has a walk-in shower a bathtub, a basin and a separate toilet. There even is a laundry room with a washer, iron and board.  Everything you look for is in the apartment. The whole apt offers free wireless internet (Wifi). The kitchen has a huge Italian stove and oven and is stocked with all the pots and pans to cook. It also has a microwave, dishwasher and fridge with a freezer. There's an Illy Espresso Machine with your complementary Coffee. There's a big flat s","Are you looking for a lovely stay in the beautiful Amsterdam? This bright and large apartment is located in the vibrant 'Rivierenbuurt'. Close to the neighborhood called De Pijp, the famous Albert Cuyp Market and the Museum Square. This bright and large apartment is in the vibrant 'Rivierenbuurt'. Close to the neighbourhood of De Pijp and the famous Albert Cuyp Markt and the Museum Square. Rent a bike and cycle all over the city, like a real Dutchie, this place has all there is to offer in this awesome city. Public transport (tram, train and metro) are nearby.  The apartment is over 85m2 and has 1 bedroom, a large living room and a dining room, separated by gorgeous antique ensuite sliding doors. A kitchen with a little balcony. The uniquely huge bathroom has a walk-in shower a bathtub, a basin and a separate toilet. There even is a laundry room with a washer, iron and board.  Everything you look for is in the apartment. The whole apt offers free wireless internet (Wifi). The kitchen h","I love this neigborhood, because of the beautiful streets and canals close by. A really nice local square in this area is the vibrant Gerard Douplein with lots of bars and restaurants. Great to combine with a visit to the Albert Cuyp Market, which is the largest daily market in Europe. You'll find the typical Amsterdam-like atmosphere, easy going-ness and on nonsense humor here. If I were you I would rent a bike and cycle all over the city, like a real Dutchie. Bike to the Jordaan to find all the canals, small shops and the Anne Frank House.","Train station RAI is really close and has direct access to the airport and ofcourse all other stations. Also there are 4 tramlines to the city in the area. Plus renting a bike is easy, just let me know how I can help you! Distance to: Amsterdam Centraal is 4.0 km Dam is 3.4 km Leidseplein is 2.5 km Museumplein is 2.0 km Vondelpark is 2.3 km",No smoking inside please. There is a small balcony with ashtrays available. No loud music after 10pm.. Treat the house like it's your own.
