Lovely 110 m2 apartment with rooftop terrace in one of the trendiest streets of Amsterdam. And only 15 minutes by bike or tram to the city center. We renovated the apartment ourselves and hope you will enjoy it as much as we do!,"Welcome in our beautiful, fully renovated two floor apartment in one of the most popular neighborhoods of Amsterdam. What we especially like of our apartment is that it is situated on a great street full of life and comfort but when entering the apartment you'll find a quiet and luxurious place to stay.  Our apartment is situated on the top two floors of a classic Amsterdam building. On the first floor you'll find an open, bright loft like living room with wood stove, a fully equipped and luxury kitchen and a dining area. There's a balcony on both sides of the apartment.  On the second floor you'll find a large and quiet bedroom (double bed) for a good night sleep. There is also a second bed room with a 2 persons sleeping sofa (just as comfortable as a regular bed), romantic window seat and a unique winding staircase especially for our cat). And above that you can relax or refresh in our luxurious bathroom with stand alone bathtub and skylit rain shower. The stairs will take you to the","Lovely 110 m2 apartment with rooftop terrace in one of the trendiest streets of Amsterdam. And only 15 minutes by bike or tram to the city center. We renovated the apartment ourselves and hope you will enjoy it as much as we do! Welcome in our beautiful, fully renovated two floor apartment in one of the most popular neighborhoods of Amsterdam. What we especially like of our apartment is that it is situated on a great street full of life and comfort but when entering the apartment you'll find a quiet and luxurious place to stay.  Our apartment is situated on the top two floors of a classic Amsterdam building. On the first floor you'll find an open, bright loft like living room with wood stove, a fully equipped and luxury kitchen and a dining area. There's a balcony on both sides of the apartment.  On the second floor you'll find a large and quiet bedroom (double bed) for a good night sleep. There is also a second bed room with a 2 persons sleeping sofa (just as comfortable as a regular ","Our apartment is situated in the center of the 'Indische Buurt', one of the most popular neighborhoods of Amsterdam.  You'll find lots of great bars and restaurants within walkin distance: have coffee at Bedford Stuyvesant, shop great stuff at Div for both ladies & gents, grab a lunch at Hartje Oost and drink cocktails at Walters Woodbury of Bar Basquiat.  For the best dinner in town go to Wilde Zwijnen!  And if you want to escape the city for a minute take a stroll at the beautiful and hidden Flevopark.","The city centre is on a 10 minute bike ride but if your prefer the public transport you can take tram 3, 7 and 14 to anywhere in town.  At the Amsterdam Muiderpoort Trainstation (5 minute walk) you can take the train to Amsterdam Central, Schiphol Airport or anywhere in the country.",It's a non-smoking apartment but we have 2 balconies and a very nice roof terrace for smoking.
