"We live in Bos&Lommer, which is a city quarter about 10 minutes from  the centre of Amsterdam. It's 78 square meters, with a double bedroom, large kitchen and spacious, bright, living room. Animal lovers: we have 2 cozy cats and a lazy turtle.",Spacious and bright 78m2 apartment with lots of windows facing the southwest. A large kitchen with all necessary amenities. A quiet bedroom and 2 balcony's on the backside of the house.  It's best suited for couples.,"We live in Bos&Lommer, which is a city quarter about 10 minutes from  the centre of Amsterdam. It's 78 square meters, with a double bedroom, large kitchen and spacious, bright, living room. Animal lovers: we have 2 cozy cats and a lazy turtle. Spacious and bright 78m2 apartment with lots of windows facing the southwest. A large kitchen with all necessary amenities. A quiet bedroom and 2 balcony's on the backside of the house.  It's best suited for couples. Guests have access to the whole apartment with all amenities such as television and wireless internet. In the kitchen the refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, kettle, and coffee machine may be used. If possible we would like to meet our guests on the day of arrival, otherwise someone else will have the honour of welcoming you to our home. We won't be present during our guests stay. We live in a cosy, typical Amsterdam city quarter. Close by are a few special small shops and welcoming bars.  The supermarket and park are a 2 minute w","We live in a cosy, typical Amsterdam city quarter. Close by are a few special small shops and welcoming bars.  The supermarket and park are a 2 minute walk.  The street has recently been renovated and has a authentic Amsterdam appearance. ","The city highlights such as Museaumquarter or Dam square are quickly accessible in 15 minutes with public transport.  Bus 18 and trams 7, 12, 13 and 14 stop nearby making public transit to the city centre and throughout Amsterdam very easy.  Also, Sloterdijk train station and Jan van Galen metro station are close: 10 minutes by tram. Taxis/cabs can be hailed around the corner.","No parties or pets allowed. We expect the guests to keep the house clean. Smoking inside is prohibited, but our lovely balconys offer a great alternative!"
