"Our home in Amsterdam is a real lifestyle apartment, just a stone's throw from the Jordaan - and situated within the new trendy area known as De Hallen. The house features two bedrooms, open plan living, a fabulous roof terrace, and afternoon sun!","A light and bright, spacious open plan apartment with rooftop garden in a great location (around the corner of the new hip 'De Hallen', walking distance to the Jordan, museum quarter and Vondel Park). THE APARTMENT: The apartment is spread over two floors, with outdoor space on every level including a huge roof terrace. The first floor is an open plan space with living, dining, kitchen and kids play corner. Leading from the open plan floor is a verandah which offers the opportunity for outdoor wining and dining. The kitchen is state-of-the-art with all the mod cons you would expect for a property of this standard. Up to the second floor you have the master bedroom, which has a charming verandah leading off it, where you can have have a coffee or enjoy the afternoon sun. This floor also features a modern bathroom with separate shower/bath - the shower is a 'rain shower'. There is a separate WC and the second bedroom features a bunk bed made up of two adult size single beds (current phot","Our home in Amsterdam is a real lifestyle apartment, just a stone's throw from the Jordaan - and situated within the new trendy area known as De Hallen. The house features two bedrooms, open plan living, a fabulous roof terrace, and afternoon sun! A light and bright, spacious open plan apartment with rooftop garden in a great location (around the corner of the new hip 'De Hallen', walking distance to the Jordan, museum quarter and Vondel Park). THE APARTMENT: The apartment is spread over two floors, with outdoor space on every level including a huge roof terrace. The first floor is an open plan space with living, dining, kitchen and kids play corner. Leading from the open plan floor is a verandah which offers the opportunity for outdoor wining and dining. The kitchen is state-of-the-art with all the mod cons you would expect for a property of this standard. Up to the second floor you have the master bedroom, which has a charming verandah leading off it, where you can have have a coffee","The neighbourhood is wonderful - it's a stone's throw from one of the few outdoor markets in Amsterdam - with all your daily supplies available at your door step. We're also next to De Hallen - with fantastic restaurants, shops, cinema and more. It's a culturally rich neighbourhood, very vibrant, but also tranquil in the evenings. It's easy to reach the centre and other areas - and most tourist destinations are even walking distance.","PUBLIC TRANSPORT: A short walk (less than 5 minutes) and you have access to the following trams: - tram 3 goes to Museum Plain, Van Gogh Museum etc - tram 12 goes to RAI - tram 13 goes to Central Station, passing Anne Frank House - tram 14 takes you to Waterloo Plein, Artis Zoo - tram 7 takes you to the Pijp, Heinekin Museum - tram 17 takes you to Station Lelylaan (from here you can get a train to the airport) CAR - there is parking in our street, you pay by the hour or for the day and costs approx. 25 Euros per day - alternatively you can park your car for free all day around Lelylaan metro/tram station and then pop on the tram 17 to our house. - there is a big car park next door at De Hallen, which is a couple of minutes walk - it costs 3 Euros per hour or 27 Euros per day - we're not far from an exit to the motorway, so it's quite convenient if you're wanting to drive from Amsterdam to other cities etc TO & FROM THE AIRPORT: By bus -  For the bus take Amsterdam Airport Express (Bus ","No smoking No pets But please feed our fish every second day! Breakfast not included Key deposit 50 Euros Our daughter is allergic to eating, touching and smelling fish, so it's not allowed to cook or eat fish/seafood inside the house - sorry! Towels and bed linen are provided. Please consider the neighbours - though we're lucky as there is no apartment underneath or above us!"
