,"This house (160 m2 + FREE PARKING PLACE) is adjacent to the 'PIJP': well known for its the vibrant urban character with many bars & shops and the A. Cuyp market. Both the museum district and city center are 10 min away / 2 min. walk to the RAIstation The ground floor is exceptionally spacious (80 m2) in a contemporary design style, features white walls and a open planned kitchen. It provides lots of natural light. This house is surrounded by green and plenty of outdoor space (which is exceptional for the centre of Amsterdam), quiet and comfortable.  Details: - 4 bedrooms; the master bed room features a double bed, two rooms have a double bed, two rooms have a single bed - 3 TV's and Wi-Fi - shower, bath, 2 toilets, washing machine & dryer, fully equipped kitchen with excellent coffee machine At the RAI (1 minute walk) there is a bike rental, perfect to explore the city. If you come by car, I own a free parking place which you can use.  Within 1 minute walk you find the very trendy rest","This house (160 m2 + FREE PARKING PLACE) is adjacent to the 'PIJP': well known for its the vibrant urban character with many bars & shops and the A. Cuyp market. Both the museum district and city center are 10 min away / 2 min. walk to the RAIstation The ground floor is exceptionally spacious (80 m2) in a contemporary design style, features white walls and a open planned kitchen. It provides lots of natural light. This house is surrounded by green and plenty of outdoor space (which is exceptional for the centre of Amsterdam), quiet and comfortable.  Details: - 4 bedrooms; the master bed room features a double bed, two rooms have a double bed, two rooms have a single bed - 3 TV's and Wi-Fi - shower, bath, 2 toilets, washing machine & dryer, fully equipped kitchen with excellent coffee machine At the RAI (1 minute walk) there is a bike rental, perfect to explore the city. If you come by car, I own a free parking place which you can use.  Within 1 minute walk you find the very trendy rest",,,Due to bad experiences we will not take groups of young people. Families or groups who are not interested in partying are more then welcome.
