"For the romantic get away, a family weekend or a nice place to enjoy as couples. This is the place you want to have if you want to stay in Amsterdam, just outside the centre in the Rivierenbuurt so you will enjoy a calm stay, but just close enough to all the touristic attractions that you are close to everything you want. The perfect place to stay. A large terrace to enjoy a cup of coffee in the morning sun, a relaxing bath to relax after a day of sight seeing, the best place to stay!",This place is very light and very large for Amsterdam (110m2). It has a nice balcony and even better and bigger Roofterrace (both on the south so lots of sun). It has two adults bedrooms (suitable for 4 persons) and an extra childrens room. The apartment has two floors and two bathrooms.,"For the romantic get away, a family weekend or a nice place to enjoy as couples. This is the place you want to have if you want to stay in Amsterdam, just outside the centre in the Rivierenbuurt so you will enjoy a calm stay, but just close enough to all the touristic attractions that you are close to everything you want. The perfect place to stay. A large terrace to enjoy a cup of coffee in the morning sun, a relaxing bath to relax after a day of sight seeing, the best place to stay! This place is very light and very large for Amsterdam (110m2). It has a nice balcony and even better and bigger Roofterrace (both on the south so lots of sun). It has two adults bedrooms (suitable for 4 persons) and an extra childrens room. The apartment has two floors and two bathrooms. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if yo","De Pijp is vibrant and very much on its way up. As can be expected of an area that is centred on the nation’s most famous outdoor market: Albert Cuypmarkt, near to the Heineken brewery. This Amsterdam neighbourhood is famously diverse with over 100 nationalities represented. While still the best neighbourhood to choose from a wide selection of ethnic food, more high-end bars and restaurants have come on the scene to service students and young professionals. Further east along De Pijp there is the Van Woustraat, a former fast food strip, there are now several of the city’s more highly regarded restaurants. But perhaps most representative of the area is Bazar, a former church on the Albert Cuypmarkt that has been reinvented as a funky North African café/restaurant.","Tram 4 and 12. The Amsterdam Amstel train station. Subway/Metro 51, 53 and 54.","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment."
