"Beautiful ground floor & basement app with artistic feel, 150m2. In hip neighbourhood, but quiet street. 5 min. walk to Jordaan and the Hallen. Two double beds and one single bed.","Spacious, beautiful family house in Amsterdam-West. 85m2 living room with open kitchen on ground floor.Lots of old architectural details. Doors to small patio. Three bedrooms in cosy, cool basement (60m2), two bedrooms with double bed (please note that one of the double beds is not pictured yet), one with a single bed.  Please note that our basement bed rooms provide a quiet & cool sleeping environment, but there is no natural light in two of the three  bedrooms, the rooms are of course well lit by lamps. The middle bedroom is only accessible through one of the two other rooms. Bathroom with shower and large bath and toilet. There is a second private toilet on the ground floor","Beautiful ground floor & basement app with artistic feel, 150m2. In hip neighbourhood, but quiet street. 5 min. walk to Jordaan and the Hallen. Two double beds and one single bed. Spacious, beautiful family house in Amsterdam-West. 85m2 living room with open kitchen on ground floor.Lots of old architectural details. Doors to small patio. Three bedrooms in cosy, cool basement (60m2), two bedrooms with double bed (please note that one of the double beds is not pictured yet), one with a single bed.  Please note that our basement bed rooms provide a quiet & cool sleeping environment, but there is no natural light in two of the three  bedrooms, the rooms are of course well lit by lamps. The middle bedroom is only accessible through one of the two other rooms. Bathroom with shower and large bath and toilet. There is a second private toilet on the ground floor You have full and private access to the house during your stay. Since we are on holidays during we asked Talitha and Rob from Home2hos","The house is in a beautiful residential street. In the hip and upcoming neighbourhood are lots of restaurants & bars, the Hallen (with its hip food market) are just a short stroll away. City center within walking distance (10 min).  Within 100 meters from tram stop with several trams to city center and central station.  Great pizza's are available on the corner of the street!",Trams to different parts of the city center within 150 meters of the house.,"It would be nice if you could water the plants in the house and outside the house.  Please do not eat or drink on our couch. While you can buy marihuana or hash in Amsterdam, please note that it is not considered normal to use it in any public place (or on our patio;-). Please do not smoke in our house. You can smoke on the patio of course.  Please be aware that our neighbors hear all sounds coming from the patio. So please keep music & voices down."
