"The maisonette is part of a modern building in the center of Amsterdam. It  is located on the ground floor, in the middle of the beautiful Plantage neighbourhood, which is a calm oasis in Amsterdam's inner city. Centrally located, well connected to all must-sees and must-do's.  The apartment is suitable for families with 2-3 children or small groups (e.g. two couples and one single adult)","The apartment is available for rent when we travel ourselves. It is conveniently situated on the ground & 1st floor. There is a bicycle lane in front of the building, no cars are allowed on this part of the street. The apartment measures 120 square meters, and the glass frontage allows lots of light inside.","The maisonette is part of a modern building in the center of Amsterdam. It  is located on the ground floor, in the middle of the beautiful Plantage neighbourhood, which is a calm oasis in Amsterdam's inner city. Centrally located, well connected to all must-sees and must-do's.  The apartment is suitable for families with 2-3 children or small groups (e.g. two couples and one single adult) The apartment is available for rent when we travel ourselves. It is conveniently situated on the ground & 1st floor. There is a bicycle lane in front of the building, no cars are allowed on this part of the street. The apartment measures 120 square meters, and the glass frontage allows lots of light inside. Guests will have access to the entire apartment. We will give you free access to super fast WiFi. We will leave you an extensive list with tips for good food, culture and things to do. Special places that are not mentioned in the standard travel guides.  Of course we will be available to help and a","The Plantage neighborhood is a green oasis in Amsterdam's inner city. It has many museums, bars and restaurants. The area is centrally located, but still relatively calm and relaxed.","Our home is very well connected to all hotspots in the city by public transport: tram 9 and 14 will take you to Dam square in 15 minutes, various busses stop nearby and take you to Central Station within in 5-10 minutes. From Central Station there are four direct train connections to Schiphol Airport per hour. An Uber taxi to the airport costs around 30-50 euro, depending on type of car.","Please respect our neighbours. Refrain from loud music or other noise. No parties, group activities in our home. Smoking is not allowed inside the house. Neither are pets."
