"Very spacious, child friendly and light apartment with small garden and enclosed square in Amsterdam West. Close to public transportation and city center.","Beautiful & spacious apartment in Amsterdam West. Living room, kitchen, dining room and toilet situated at ground level. Garden. On the first floor 4 bedrooms & bathroom. Close to public transportation, highway exit, Sloterplas & city center Very spacious, child friendly and light apartment with small garden and enclosed square in Amsterdam West. Close to public transportation and city center.  Located in a hip and upcoming part of Amsterdam with lots of nice bars, restaurants and art galleries. Just a two-minute walk from public transportation and a 10/15 minute bike ride to the city center.  On a walking distance you will find many restaurants, bars, shops, the Erasmuspark, Rembrandtpark and the Sloterplas.  The apartment is spacious, light, quiet and modern (build in 2011). The apartment has a small garden on the ground level. This garden is part of a big, enclosed square that is only accessible for people that live in the same building. Ideal for kids (or adults:)) to play!  On the","Very spacious, child friendly and light apartment with small garden and enclosed square in Amsterdam West. Close to public transportation and city center. Beautiful & spacious apartment in Amsterdam West. Living room, kitchen, dining room and toilet situated at ground level. Garden. On the first floor 4 bedrooms & bathroom. Close to public transportation, highway exit, Sloterplas & city center Very spacious, child friendly and light apartment with small garden and enclosed square in Amsterdam West. Close to public transportation and city center.  Located in a hip and upcoming part of Amsterdam with lots of nice bars, restaurants and art galleries. Just a two-minute walk from public transportation and a 10/15 minute bike ride to the city center.  On a walking distance you will find many restaurants, bars, shops, the Erasmuspark, Rembrandtpark and the Sloterplas.  The apartment is spacious, light, quiet and modern (build in 2011). The apartment has a small garden on the ground level. Thi","Our apartment is located in a hip and upcoming neighborhood. You'll find many restaurants, bars, art galleries, nice shops, etc. within a 5 minute walk or 5 minute bike ride.","Within a 2 minute walk from our apartment you'll find the metro (bringing you to Amsterdam Sloterdijk station or to Amsterdam Zuid station), trams (to the city center), bus (to the center and Schiphol airport). Within 5 minutes you'll be on the highway (A10). Schiphol airport is very close to Amsterdam Sloterdijk train station. From there, it's only one stop by metro to our apartment.","-No animals. -No smoking inside the house! Of course it's no problem to smoke outside (either in our garden or on our balcony).  -As our garden is part of a larger square where mostly families (with young children) live, we ask you not to smoke weed in our garden or on our balcony. Thank you!  -As we still like our neighbors, we ask you kindly to respect them (please keep it down after 9 pm)"
