"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in between the two most famous parks of Amsterdam, the Vondel- and Rembrandtpark. It's also very close to a lot of other tourist attractions and the city centre is only a few minutes away. The apartment has recently been renovated, so everything is very modern and clean. There is also a big terrace where you can relax in the sun! I am sure you will love your stay in this apartment while you are exploring beautiful Amsterdam!","This nice 2-layer apartment (100 m2) has a balcony and a rooftopterrace, a fully equiped kitchen, a big living room, a bathroom with toilet, a huge bath and a rain-and handshower. There are 2 bedrooms. The first bedroom is accommodated with a big king sized bed, the other one has a comfortable double bed.  There is Wifi available, a television and music installation. You can also do your laundry with a washing machine. All for your use during your stay! The house is located in Amsterdam-West. Within a 10 minutes bike ride you'll be at Dam Square, it's 5 minutes to the Jordaan and about fifteen minutes to Central Station. For example; the Anne Frank house will only be a fifteen minute walk! (Lonely Planet Amsterdam and a city map are available). At the beginning of the street there are several tramlines (17 to dam Square and 7 to Leidse Square) which will take you everywhere in town! There are also several nice little shops and restaurants just around the corner! Also two big supermarke","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in between the two most famous parks of Amsterdam, the Vondel- and Rembrandtpark. It's also very close to a lot of other tourist attractions and the city centre is only a few minutes away. The apartment has recently been renovated, so everything is very modern and clean. There is also a big terrace where you can relax in the sun! I am sure you will love your stay in this apartment while you are exploring beautiful Amsterdam! This nice 2-layer apartment (100 m2) has a balcony and a rooftopterrace, a fully equiped kitchen, a big living room, a bathroom with toilet, a huge bath and a rain-and handshower. There are 2 bedrooms. The first bedroom is accommodated with a big king sized bed, the other one has a comfortable double bed.  There is Wifi available, a television and music installation. You can also do your laundry with a washing machine. All for your use during your stay! The house is located in Amsterdam-West. Within","The Kinkerbuurt and the Overtoom district are a part of Oud West (Old West) Amsterdam. Oud West is in the middle of Amsterdam and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. This district is also very close to the City Centre. The Kinkerstraat is the commercial street of this district, with a lot of clothing shops, restaurants and more. The Ten Katestraat is also a commercial street with a daily market, like the other markets in Amsterdam.","The easiest way to get around the city is by bike, but you can also use publci transport. Close to the apartment you can find tram 7 (leidseplein) en 17 (dam en centraal station), Bus 15 en 18.","Please don’t trash the place, don’t smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that enjoy as it is your own apartment."
