"Living like an Amsterdam resident in this light and spacious canal view apartment situated in the lively Old-West district near all the hotspots. It has room for 4 people. It has got 2 bedrooms, 2 dining areas, a bathroom and a spacious living room.","There are 2 bedrooms each with a double bed. In the living room there is a comfortable double sofa bed as well. You can reach one of the balconies from the main bedroom. The other bedroom is upstairs.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a microwave/oven, a cooker, a coffee maker and all the other cooking materials you might need. Adjacent to the kitchen is a separate breakfast room. The spacious living room is situated on the front and has a canal view and a small balcony. There is a large dining table, a comfortable sofa and cable TV. The bathroom is basic but sufficient. Towels and bed linen are included.  ","Living like an Amsterdam resident in this light and spacious canal view apartment situated in the lively Old-West district near all the hotspots. It has room for 4 people. It has got 2 bedrooms, 2 dining areas, a bathroom and a spacious living room. There are 2 bedrooms each with a double bed. In the living room there is a comfortable double sofa bed as well. You can reach one of the balconies from the main bedroom. The other bedroom is upstairs.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a microwave/oven, a cooker, a coffee maker and all the other cooking materials you might need. Adjacent to the kitchen is a separate breakfast room. The spacious living room is situated on the front and has a canal view and a small balcony. There is a large dining table, a comfortable sofa and cable TV. The bathroom is basic but sufficient. Towels and bed linen are included.  A Wi-Fi connection, cable TV/DVD and central heating are all included When we are present you can onl","The 85 m2 apartment is located on a quiet street in the hip and lively neighbourhood Oud-West (Old-West). It is an ecclectic and buzzing part of town with plenty of small pubs, coffee corners, restaurants, markets and shops. The nearest supermarket, public transport and bike rental are just around the corner and everything you need is within walking distance. Amsterdam Central Station is just a 12 minute tram ride away.",A few important spots in the city: - van Gogh museum (10 minutes by tram) - Rijks museum (10 minutes by tram) - Anne Frank house (10 minutes walk) - Dam Square (5 minutes by tram) - Vondelpark (15 minutes walk) - Ten Kate Market (5 minutes walk) - Jordaan Area (5 minutes walk) - Leidse Square (5 minutes by tram) We composed a list with our favourite spots in Amsterdam for you to enjoy! -You can reach the apartment from Schiphol airport in less than 30 minutes. ,"Please pay attention to the neighbors, the houses in Amsterdam are thin-walled."
