"SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE WITH SUNNY GARDEN, CENTRE OF AMSTERDAM.  In perfect state, fully furnished, family apartment, 2 bedroom, sunny garden/terrace, semi-professional design kitchen, light, artful, open living and dining room apartment.","SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM HOUSE WITH SUNNY GARDEN IN THE CENTRE OF AMSTERDAM!  In perfect state, fully furnished, 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom, sunny green garden with terrace, semi-professional design kitchen, light, artful, open living and dining room apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. The apartment is perfect for a family or a couple looking for the real Amsterdam experience. You will stay in the best part of Amsterdam to explore the city and you will enjoy our nice quiet garden to rest after a long day of experiences. The apartment comfortably fits 4 people plus one child. Or a larger family of 4/5/6 APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS:  • Spacious 135 square meters (1,453 SQ FT) ground floor apartment with sunny garden in a quiet historic neighbourhood, walking distance from the centre, canals, Vondelpark and the Museum Area • two bedrooms (one big bedroom with a double bed 200*220 and one  bedroom with a double bed 140*200 and a high sleep (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) throoms. • Kitchen is modern, comp","SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE WITH SUNNY GARDEN, CENTRE OF AMSTERDAM.  In perfect state, fully furnished, family apartment, 2 bedroom, sunny garden/terrace, semi-professional design kitchen, light, artful, open living and dining room apartment. SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM HOUSE WITH SUNNY GARDEN IN THE CENTRE OF AMSTERDAM!  In perfect state, fully furnished, 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom, sunny green garden with terrace, semi-professional design kitchen, light, artful, open living and dining room apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. The apartment is perfect for a family or a couple looking for the real Amsterdam experience. You will stay in the best part of Amsterdam to explore the city and you will enjoy our nice quiet garden to rest after a long day of experiences. The apartment comfortably fits 4 people plus one child. Or a larger family of 4/5/6 APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS:  • Spacious 135 square meters (1,453 SQ FT) ground floor apartment with sunny garden in a quiet historic neighbourhood, walking di",One of the the best parts of Amsterdam (old west) with many nice restaurants and a nice city young vibe. We live here with our family and enjoy the neighborhood with all the possibilities very much. ,Public transport to all directions at 2 minutes walk,"• Please note that in August we have a minimum stay of 4 nights and give priority to longer bookings. • Parking: Please note that as parking in the city centre is expensive, you are better off parking outside the city for €8 a day including public transport to the centre of town. • No smoking please in the apartment in the garden is no problem of course • No drugs • Please no loud music/talking outside after 22.00. Think about the neighbours. • Check-out time is until 11.00 am  • Check-in time is from 15:00 pm"
