,"Located near cultural hub Westerpark, this spacious apartment with sunny balcony is perfect couples who like explore the non-touristy side of Amsterdam and experience city life like the locals.  The large living room has a comfortable couch and open kitchen that is fully equipped with big fridge, oven/microwave and dishwasher.  The bedroom has a large balcony with a great view of the surrounding gardens. The bed is luxurious and has a double box spring mattress. The bathroom has a nice bathtub and a separate shower. A washing machine is present.  All media options are here, such as digital TV and fast wireless internet. Towels and sheets are provided.  The apartment is on the second floor in a very quiet street. It is 50 meters from tram stops and within walking distance of station Amsterdam Sloterdijk, that has trains and subways.The city center is 10 minutes away by bike or public transport. Schiphol Airport is also only 10 minutes away. You can catch a train (20 min) to the beach at","Located near cultural hub Westerpark, this spacious apartment with sunny balcony is perfect couples who like explore the non-touristy side of Amsterdam and experience city life like the locals.  The large living room has a comfortable couch and open kitchen that is fully equipped with big fridge, oven/microwave and dishwasher.  The bedroom has a large balcony with a great view of the surrounding gardens. The bed is luxurious and has a double box spring mattress. The bathroom has a nice bathtub and a separate shower. A washing machine is present.  All media options are here, such as digital TV and fast wireless internet. Towels and sheets are provided.  The apartment is on the second floor in a very quiet street. It is 50 meters from tram stops and within walking distance of station Amsterdam Sloterdijk, that has trains and subways.The city center is 10 minutes away by bike or public transport. Schiphol Airport is also only 10 minutes away. You can catch a train (20 min) to the beach at",,,
