A holiday in this house will definitely make a success of your trip to Amsterdam! By tram you are in the city center within 15 minutes and it is only a 10 minute walk to a beach or park. The house is big and comfortable and suitable for kids.,"The first floor has a spacious kitchen with wooden dining table for 6-8 people. The kitchen has all you need: electrical device, microwave, oven and dishwasher. On the first floor (adjoined to the kitchen) there also is a room for kids to play. There are toys to play with (suitable for kids around 7 years old). In the garden you will find a table, four comfortable chairs and and two benches to sit on. There is also a toilet on the first floor. On the second floor you will find the living room with sitting area with TV, DVD an Playstation. There is also a writing table/desk and two crutches. On the third floor are three bedrooms of which two of them are set up for children. The third bedroom has a double bed, TV and DVD. On this floor is also the bathroom situated with separate shower, bath and toilet.  On the last and fourth floor is the fourth bedroom which is spacious and has a double bed and TV. This room has his own roof terrace. You will find a separated space with the washing mac","A holiday in this house will definitely make a success of your trip to Amsterdam! By tram you are in the city center within 15 minutes and it is only a 10 minute walk to a beach or park. The house is big and comfortable and suitable for kids. The first floor has a spacious kitchen with wooden dining table for 6-8 people. The kitchen has all you need: electrical device, microwave, oven and dishwasher. On the first floor (adjoined to the kitchen) there also is a room for kids to play. There are toys to play with (suitable for kids around 7 years old). In the garden you will find a table, four comfortable chairs and and two benches to sit on. There is also a toilet on the first floor. On the second floor you will find the living room with sitting area with TV, DVD an Playstation. There is also a writing table/desk and two crutches. On the third floor are three bedrooms of which two of them are set up for children. The third bedroom has a double bed, TV and DVD. On this floor is also the b","Our house is in a the area called IJburg; a friendly neighborhood which is quiet with a lot of water, a park and beach and also has nice restaurants, bars and shops. Especially with kids it is a joy to live here.  There are several play grounds and swimming possibility’s.   For shopping we have a small shopping center nearby with two supermarkets, a drug store, bakery and butcher. There are two health centers with doctors and pharmacy on IJburg.",Within 2 minutes walk from the house there is a tram stop from which a tram to the city leaves every 5 minutes. ,Smoking in the house is prohibited.
