"Welcome at our 120 sqm apartment with four bedrooms and two bathrooms, open kitchen and sunny balcony. Especially suitable for families with 2 or 3 kids. In a quiet neighbourhood with cafe's and supermarkets and the centre nearby.","The apartment is very spacious and can easily accomodate a family with 2/3 kids. There are four bedrooms, two of which are childrens bedrooms, one master bedroom and one playroom wich has a single/double bed for adults and lots of toys.","Welcome at our 120 sqm apartment with four bedrooms and two bathrooms, open kitchen and sunny balcony. Especially suitable for families with 2 or 3 kids. In a quiet neighbourhood with cafe's and supermarkets and the centre nearby. The apartment is very spacious and can easily accomodate a family with 2/3 kids. There are four bedrooms, two of which are childrens bedrooms, one master bedroom and one playroom wich has a single/double bed for adults and lots of toys. Our home is situated near the popular Westerpark with several cafe's and a good spot to chill out. We are at walking distance to the Jordaan area which is one of the nicests areas in Amsterdam, very lively and burstling. Around the corner there are also good cafe's and restaurants and there are two supermarkets nearby. There is a busstop at 150 meter which brings you in 7 minutes to Central Station. You can also easily transfer to another bus or tram to get to Museum Square, Leidseplein, etc.  Because we live in a quiet, resid","Our home is situated near the popular Westerpark with several cafe's and a good spot to chill out. We are at walking distance to the Jordaan area which is one of the nicests areas in Amsterdam, very lively and burstling. Around the corner there are also good cafe's and restaurants and there are two supermarkets nearby.","There is a busstop at 150 meter which brings you in 7 minutes to Central Station. You can also easily transfer to another bus or tram to get to Museum Square, Leidseplein, etc. ",Check-out time is before 11.00 AM. Check-in times are flexibel if possible. Please contact us for more information.
