"In the heart of Amsterdam, close to all the sights but still along a quiet canal, our house has the best of everything. A 3 minute walk from famous Nieuwmarkt with its bars, restaurants. I can rent for long term at the price of 900 euro/month.","Luxury two floor loft, beautifully situated on one of the prettiest canals of Amsterdam in the heart of the city. It is a recently renovated warehouse from the 1600's. Our  apartment is beautiful, very light, comfortable and spacious (150 sq. meters). Our house is tastefully decorated and has wooden floors everywhere.The top floor consist of one large space, joining living, dining and kitchen together.  The kitchen has all modern amenities. On the lower floor you will find a bedroom with view on the canal, a new and modern bathroom and a separate toilet. We have cable television with over 100 channels in our kitchen, living, and bedroom. There is wi-fi internet. When the sun shines you can enjoy our small roof terrace.Around the corner you will find one of the main squares of the city, with lots of restaurants and bars. Nevertheless, our apartment is very quiet and peaceful.Central Station is a 5 minute walk away. A subway stop is around the corner.","In the heart of Amsterdam, close to all the sights but still along a quiet canal, our house has the best of everything. A 3 minute walk from famous Nieuwmarkt with its bars, restaurants. I can rent for long term at the price of 900 euro/month. Luxury two floor loft, beautifully situated on one of the prettiest canals of Amsterdam in the heart of the city. It is a recently renovated warehouse from the 1600's. Our  apartment is beautiful, very light, comfortable and spacious (150 sq. meters). Our house is tastefully decorated and has wooden floors everywhere.The top floor consist of one large space, joining living, dining and kitchen together.  The kitchen has all modern amenities. On the lower floor you will find a bedroom with view on the canal, a new and modern bathroom and a separate toilet. We have cable television with over 100 channels in our kitchen, living, and bedroom. There is wi-fi internet. When the sun shines you can enjoy our small roof terrace.Around the corner you will f",,,It possible to stay with 3 or 4 persons although these persons have to sleep on a air bed.
