"Spacious (90m2), clean & modern apartment just west of the center of Amsterdam with excellent public transport connections to the center (10 mins), Schiphol (20mins). Walking distance to the beautiful Rembrandtpark and shops. Two comfortable double beds, well equipped kitchen & fast internet (80mbit down/10up on wifi). Perfect for one or two couples, for parents with children, or four friends.","The accommodation was built in 2008 so everything is fairly new and very well isolated. The apartment consists of two comfortable double bedrooms, a spacious living room with internal balcony (with sun in the morning) a modern, well equipped, kitchen & a bathroom with shower. As you can see in the pictures we are not extremely tidy, but we are clean! (we have a cleaning lady as well). Of course we offer clean bedsheets and towels for everyone. The nearest supermarkets are a 7 min. walk. The tram is 100 meters away, and the subway is a 7 minute walk away. City center is 10 min. away and Schiphol Airport is just 20 minutes away with public transportation. Also by car the apartment is very accessible (next to A10) and there's always a parking space available. (unique for Amsterdam :) Next to our front door there's also a place to sit. Even though it's not very private because it’s also accessible for the neighbors it's an very nice place to sit down for a glass of wine (and a cigarette). ","Spacious (90m2), clean & modern apartment just west of the center of Amsterdam with excellent public transport connections to the center (10 mins), Schiphol (20mins). Walking distance to the beautiful Rembrandtpark and shops. Two comfortable double beds, well equipped kitchen & fast internet (80mbit down/10up on wifi). Perfect for one or two couples, for parents with children, or four friends. The accommodation was built in 2008 so everything is fairly new and very well isolated. The apartment consists of two comfortable double bedrooms, a spacious living room with internal balcony (with sun in the morning) a modern, well equipped, kitchen & a bathroom with shower. As you can see in the pictures we are not extremely tidy, but we are clean! (we have a cleaning lady as well). Of course we offer clean bedsheets and towels for everyone. The nearest supermarkets are a 7 min. walk. The tram is 100 meters away, and the subway is a 7 minute walk away. City center is 10 min. away and Schiphol A","Great location to get anywhere in and around Amsterdam through public transportation or by bike... We love it here! 5mins walk from Rembrandtpark - Beautiful park to hang out on sunny days!  10 mins walk from Sloterplas - One of the only safe and clean places in Amsterdam where you can go for a swim on a hot summer day. Be sure to check it out!  7 mins walk to subway, supermarkets.  3 mins. walk to closest Bakery 3 mins. walk to closest pizza place","Tram 13 is just outside the door, it will get you to the city center and back. The Subway is a 7 min walk from our home and can get you very quickly to the train stations of: 'Sloterdijk' (direction Haarlem, Zandvoort-Beach), 'Lelylaan' (Direction Leiden/The Hague/Rotterdam) and 'Amsterdam-Zuid' (direction Utrecht and further east, south or north). There is a bike rental shop very close by in our street.","1. Think of the neighbors when playing music in the evening after 21.00 o'clock, since they have small children.  2. Just enjoy your time in Amsterdam and don't make a huge mess :)"
