"Great modern apartment in space and facilities, the perfect place to unwind after a day! Two nice balconies and located in a quiet neighborhood. Very close (5min) to all public transport; Train, Tram, Bus and Metro. The train takes you to central station in 10 minutes. The airport only takes 7 min.",The full apartment is there for you with all comforts the modern life desires. Experience outside city life with two balcony's. Next to an inner garden and on the top floor you'll have a nice view. Please notice; apartment is on the thirth floor with no elevator!,"Great modern apartment in space and facilities, the perfect place to unwind after a day! Two nice balconies and located in a quiet neighborhood. Very close (5min) to all public transport; Train, Tram, Bus and Metro. The train takes you to central station in 10 minutes. The airport only takes 7 min. The full apartment is there for you with all comforts the modern life desires. Experience outside city life with two balcony's. Next to an inner garden and on the top floor you'll have a nice view. Please notice; apartment is on the thirth floor with no elevator! You'll have access to the entire apartment and you have it to yourself. Just be friendly and polite to the neighbours. Note: houses in Amsterdam are poorly sound insulated, please behave accordingly. I'll provide you with a simple but complete guide about all you should know about the apartment and surroundings. I use a professional AirBnB Butler service which can help you with almost anything. Not only it's close to the Vondelpark ","Not only it's close to the Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark, you'll also have the Sloterplas really close by. If you're a runner, don't miss it (one lap is around 7-8 km)! In addition I like that it's more quiet and greener than the inner city making it ideal to unwind while still being close to all the highlights.","5 minutes from station Amsterdam Lelylaan. From there you have trains, trams, metro and bus going straight into the city. ",Smoking is prohibited. Loud music and sound after 10.30pm is not appreciated (by the neighbors).
