"Light and spacious apartment (80 m2) with luscious GARDEN (60 m2). Two elegant rooms en-suite, kitchen, bathroom upstairs, WiFi. Walking distance to Museum Quarter ,Anne Frank Museum, Vondelpark, Redlight district. Bicycle rent, restaurants, shops, cultural venues around the corner.","The apartment is located in a quiet neighbourhood on a pittoresk square with no access for cars. The apartment is on the ground floor, however the bathroom is on the first floor. On the ground floor two beautifully decorated rooms en-suite can be separated with sliding doors. There is 1 double bed, 1 sofa(=double) bed, 1 loft bed overviewing the garden,( and 1 folding bed if necessary) ( see photo's). The rooms have a comfortable living area.  There's a separate, fully equipped kitchen. Both kitchen and backroom give entrance to a romantic garden. Luggage storage space and toilet are also on the ground floor.  The apartment is part of a typical Amsterdam ""Townhouse"" . The bathroom is  accessible via one flight of stairs.","Light and spacious apartment (80 m2) with luscious GARDEN (60 m2). Two elegant rooms en-suite, kitchen, bathroom upstairs, WiFi. Walking distance to Museum Quarter ,Anne Frank Museum, Vondelpark, Redlight district. Bicycle rent, restaurants, shops, cultural venues around the corner. The apartment is located in a quiet neighbourhood on a pittoresk square with no access for cars. The apartment is on the ground floor, however the bathroom is on the first floor. On the ground floor two beautifully decorated rooms en-suite can be separated with sliding doors. There is 1 double bed, 1 sofa(=double) bed, 1 loft bed overviewing the garden,( and 1 folding bed if necessary) ( see photo's). The rooms have a comfortable living area.  There's a separate, fully equipped kitchen. Both kitchen and backroom give entrance to a romantic garden. Luggage storage space and toilet are also on the ground floor.  The apartment is part of a typical Amsterdam ""Townhouse"" . The bathroom is  accessible via one fli","The old city neighborhood ""oud west"", adjacent to the city-centre has become very popular in recent years. It's a lifely neighborhood  with out-door markets, cultural venues and lots of restaurants. Recently ""De Hallen"" opened it's doors: the old tram-remise that now offers an eclectic food market, library and art-deco movietheatre, that caters as well to young audiences as to the traditional culturally diverse population of this neighborhood.","From schiphol airport bus 197 brings you to Elandsgracht (final stop), from there it's 10 min. walking  to the apartment. From Central Station you can take tram 13 or 17 to  Rozengracht, from there it's 7 min. walking to the apartment.","We prefer guests with cultural interests who come to explore our old, interesting and beautiful city. We don't like people that sit half day in the garden smoking weed ;-) Behave as you would at home. Smoking only outside."
