"Spacious 2 bedroom apartement with garden in Amsterdam, 15 min. bike ride to Central Station and 5 min bike ride to NDSM dock (cultural hotspot, hosting festivals and more). Free parking. Incl cat care (2), fresh linen once/week.","Apartement in Amsterdam Noord (North part of Amsterdam) , 15 min. bike ride to Central Station and 5 min bike ride to NDSM dock (popular cultural and creative hotspot, hosting festivals and more). Traditional Dutch area of Amsterdam, free ferry rides nearby that will take you across IJ river bank directly to Central Station. Living space 80 m2, balcony, garden (50m2), 2 bedrooms, spacious living room, kitchen and bathroom. Wireless internet available. Situated in a child-friendly and green neighbourhood (Banne-Buiksloot), shopping centre and small shops in walking distance.  Public transport within walking distance, and free car parking in the entire area. Includes cat care (feeding our two cats every other day).","Spacious 2 bedroom apartement with garden in Amsterdam, 15 min. bike ride to Central Station and 5 min bike ride to NDSM dock (cultural hotspot, hosting festivals and more). Free parking. Incl cat care (2), fresh linen once/week. Apartement in Amsterdam Noord (North part of Amsterdam) , 15 min. bike ride to Central Station and 5 min bike ride to NDSM dock (popular cultural and creative hotspot, hosting festivals and more). Traditional Dutch area of Amsterdam, free ferry rides nearby that will take you across IJ river bank directly to Central Station. Living space 80 m2, balcony, garden (50m2), 2 bedrooms, spacious living room, kitchen and bathroom. Wireless internet available. Situated in a child-friendly and green neighbourhood (Banne-Buiksloot), shopping centre and small shops in walking distance.  Public transport within walking distance, and free car parking in the entire area. Includes cat care (feeding our two cats every other day).","rustige kindvriendelijke woning, winkelcentrum op loopafstand, 5 min fietsafstand pont NDSM-terrein (festivas e.m.)",5 min fietsafstand pont NDSM,Your stay includes taking care of our 2 cats (feeding them every day or at least every other day).
