"Modern, comfortable, apartment (95 m2) with a spacious living room with a modern kitchen (45 m2). There are 3 bedrooms; one with a double bed,  one is a children's room and one is a babyroom.",,"Modern, comfortable, apartment (95 m2) with a spacious living room with a modern kitchen (45 m2). There are 3 bedrooms; one with a double bed,  one is a children's room and one is a babyroom. The house is situated on the west side of the centre city which is an upcoming neighbourhood.  In our neighbourhood you will find many restaurants in walking distance, a daily fresh market in 5 minutes’ walk and enough supermarkets and little shops. The best way to discover Amsterdam is by bike, by foot or by tram. If you love the city life than our apartment is perfect for you.  In front of the door you can take different, direct “tram lines” (public transport) to all mayor train stations in the city (Amsterdam Central Station, Amsterdam Amstel and Station Sloterdijk), to the big and famous museums in 5 minutes  (Het Rijksmuseum, Het van Gogh museum and Het Stedelijk museum), the Vondelpark, Anne Frank House, the cannels and the city centre in 5 minutes. If you want to walk to the city centre it ","The house is situated on the west side of the centre city which is an upcoming neighbourhood.  In our neighbourhood you will find many restaurants in walking distance, a daily fresh market in 5 minutes’ walk and enough supermarkets and little shops. The best way to discover Amsterdam is by bike, by foot or by tram. If you love the city life than our apartment is perfect for you. ","In front of the door you can take different, direct “tram lines” (public transport) to all mayor train stations in the city (Amsterdam Central Station, Amsterdam Amstel and Station Sloterdijk), to the big and famous museums in 5 minutes  (Het Rijksmuseum, Het van Gogh museum and Het Stedelijk museum), the Vondelpark, Anne Frank House, the cannels and the city centre in 5 minutes. If you want to walk to the city centre it will take you 15 minutes. The Airport is easily accessible by public transport (tram and train) in 30 minutes or with a taxi in 10 minutes.",We don´t allow pets and smoking and we ask our guests to respect our house and our neighbours.
