"Do you want to stay in a spacious, light new apartment nearby Central Station? A spacious living room, a 5 metres high kitchen, a roof terrace with splendid view..the unique characteristics of our apartment will make your stay in A'dam complete!","A recently build apartment, clean, spacious and with a lot of light. Look at our pictures for an overview of our lovely apartment.","Do you want to stay in a spacious, light new apartment nearby Central Station? A spacious living room, a 5 metres high kitchen, a roof terrace with splendid view..the unique characteristics of our apartment will make your stay in A'dam complete! A recently build apartment, clean, spacious and with a lot of light. Look at our pictures for an overview of our lovely apartment. You will have access to the whole apartment: the bed room, the bathroom, the living room, the kitchen, etc. You can use our oven/microwave, espresso-machine (filled with delicious beans on your arrival), fridge, television (with netflix) We will leave our phone numbers and you will receive instructions on how to use the apartment Every wednesday, friday and saturday there is a market, just a few steps away. Two supermarkets are just a few steps away. Visit the most beautiful cinema from Amsterdam: the eye-film museum, 5 minutes by bicycle, (check out the website of EYE). There are also enough nice places to have din","Every wednesday, friday and saturday there is a market, just a few steps away. Two supermarkets are just a few steps away. Visit the most beautiful cinema from Amsterdam: the eye-film museum, 5 minutes by bicycle, (check out the website of EYE). There are also enough nice places to have dinner or just a drink, for example on the 'NDSM-werf', 5 minutes by bicycle. We love the place called 'Pllek', they have a great terrace that looks like a beach and a great view over the IJ. You can also take a ferry from there to central station. A terrific Italian restaurant is 'Il pecorino', wood-oven baked pizzas and delicious italian food, just a few steps away. You can also visit the countryside easily by bicycle. Small pictoresque villages (nice houses, cows, a lot of green) are just 15/30 minutes away from our house. Surf (Hidden by Airbnb) images for the places: Ransdorp, Durgerdam, Holysloot, Marken, Monnickendam, Volendam, etc. In our apartment you will find information how to reach these pl","During the day (till 00.30) - You can take a bus every 5 minutes to our apartment. Take bus 34, bus 35, bus 391 or 394 and the second stop (called Mosplein) will take you to our apartment (only 10 minutes). The busses with the same numbers (direction Central Station) will bring you to Central station from our apartment. During the night (whole night) - You can take two night-busses every 20 minutes from Central Station (the stop is called St. Nicholaaskerk, kerk = church) to our apartment: bus 361 direction Banne Buiksloot (stop Johan van Hasseltweg) or bus 363 direction Molenwijk (stop Mosplein). If you prefer to walk, it is a 15 minutes walk from Central Station to our apartment (take the ferry Buiksloterweg). By bicycle it is only 5 minutes to the ferry (direction Buiksloterweg), which will take you to Central Station in a two minute travel over the 'IJ'. The ferry to buiksloterweg runs every 5 minutes, it is free of charge and runs 24/7. Parking is free of charge before our house! ","Thank you for choosing our apartment to stay in Amsterdam! We hope your stay in our apartment, and your visit to the beautiful Amsterdam, will be an unforgettable experience. We would like to remind you that you are staying in our house - not in a hotel! We would like to give people the opportunity to stay in our house for an affordable price and to be able to keep on doing this, it is important that you treat our place with respect. These are our houserules: -Speak with a normal voice, we have (Website hidden by Airbnb) neighbours and we don’t want neighbours t (Website hidden by Airbnb) have any inconvenience of your stay in our (Website hidden by Airbnb) house. Please be also silent when you come (Website hidden by Airbnb) home late. -Don’t do drinking games or play loud music in (Website hidden by Airbnb) our house. If you want to party there are lot of (Website hidden by Airbnb) opportunities in the city. -Smoking is not allowed in our whole (Website hidden by Airbnb) apartment. I"
