"RESERVATIONS ONLY FOR FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN. We rent out our house in Amsterdam to other families when we're on holiday. It's 140 sq m, recently renovated, 4 bedrooms, garden & parking space. Ideal for families, with a park & playgrounds nearby! We can sleep 2-3 adults and 3-4 kids. It is 15 to 20 minutes to the city center by tram/bike. Please do not make a reservation if you are not a family.","The house is 140 sq and has a front and back garden. Ground floor: lounge and attached kitchen with modern amenities; hallway, toilet. First floor: master bedroom (double bed); three bedrooms (one with a bunk bed for two/one with small child's bed/one with baby cot); bathroom with separate bath and shower, and toilet.","RESERVATIONS ONLY FOR FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN. We rent out our house in Amsterdam to other families when we're on holiday. It's 140 sq m, recently renovated, 4 bedrooms, garden & parking space. Ideal for families, with a park & playgrounds nearby! We can sleep 2-3 adults and 3-4 kids. It is 15 to 20 minutes to the city center by tram/bike. Please do not make a reservation if you are not a family. The house is 140 sq and has a front and back garden. Ground floor: lounge and attached kitchen with modern amenities; hallway, toilet. First floor: master bedroom (double bed); three bedrooms (one with a bunk bed for two/one with small child's bed/one with baby cot); bathroom with separate bath and shower, and toilet. Lots of toys for kids! A garden with sandpit, trampoline and swings! 3 Stokke high chairs We have our own free parking space You can use our bikes (3 adult, 1 bike for child). My father will be nearby to help you out. The Watergraafsmeer is a very safe and family oriented neighbou","The Watergraafsmeer is a very safe and family oriented neighbourhood, within easy reach of the city centre.  Ideal for kids, with a park and multiple playgrounds within walking distance. Two large supermarkets and other shops within five minutes walk.  Many cafes and restaurants nearby.  The zoo, tropical museum and big indoor playground are a short tram ride away.",Tram 19 stops 150m from the door and goes directly to the city centre (15-20 minutes).  It's a short bus ride to Amstel station for trains and the metro. Easy access to the motorway A10 via on-ramp S113,Families only
