"Charming, spacious apartment with garden, totally renovated in 2010 with all modern amenities present. Comfortable master bed (180 x 210) plus room for up to 3 children. Our house is suitable or maximum of 4 adults.  Bike rental nearby.","Charming, spacious apartment with garden, totally renovated in 2010 with all modern amenities present.  We enjoy cooking and eating with friends so we made our kitchen big and open - it's the most important part of our house and we love being there.  Our house is child friendly, we have two of 10 and 11 years of age. This you will see in two of the three bedrooms. Beds are comfy though, for up to 4 adults.","Charming, spacious apartment with garden, totally renovated in 2010 with all modern amenities present. Comfortable master bed (180 x 210) plus room for up to 3 children. Our house is suitable or maximum of 4 adults.  Bike rental nearby. Charming, spacious apartment with garden, totally renovated in 2010 with all modern amenities present.  We enjoy cooking and eating with friends so we made our kitchen big and open - it's the most important part of our house and we love being there.  Our house is child friendly, we have two of 10 and 11 years of age. This you will see in two of the three bedrooms. Beds are comfy though, for up to 4 adults. The entire house is yours. Just for handing over the keys and explaining our complicated coffee machine we will shortly meet. For the rest enjoy your own space and privacy. Our house is located in a very popular Amsterdam neighborhood. A charming and pretty 1930's neighborhood, very green, quiet and safe, extremely child friendly with plenty of good p","Our house is located in a very popular Amsterdam neighborhood. A charming and pretty 1930's neighborhood, very green, quiet and safe, extremely child friendly with plenty of good places close by to play (parks & play yards), ideal for family's. Art lovers are 15 minute tramride away from citycentre with all it's museums!","In the close vicinity at walking distance, you find a square with all the practical shops (supermarket, bakery etc) and a street with nice shops (fashion, style, special wines). Also at walking distance a good choice of different types of restaurants.  At 15 minute tram ride you find city centre with so many lovely museums, shops, restaurants etc.  Train station Amsterdam Amstel very close by, as well as bus and tram stops taking you almost anywhere in the city.","The only rule is: treat our house, and our neighbors, like you would your own! And NO smoking in the house please!"
