"I offer a fully equipped beautiful 70m2, 3 room apartment near the Zuidas and the RAI convention Centre, approximately 20 minutes from the city centre. The apartment is located in a quite neighbourhood and serves as a great location for either business or leisure travel.","For those who wish to enjoy the liveliness of the city centre, the apartment is situated only 15 minutes from the popular area of “ de Pijp” and the city centre is 20 minutes away.  It is located near the Zuidas, the VU University of  Amsterdam and the RAI Convention Centre (all within a 5 minute bus ride) Public transport by bus or tram will bring you quickly to the Leidseplein, Dam Square, Museumsquare and Central Station. I have one bike you can borrow as well if you wish to experience the true Dutch spirit!  There are 2 shopping malls in the area ( walking distance) and 2 beautiful parks ( Amsterdamse Bos and Amstelpark), ideal for those who wish to enjoy the peace and quiet Amsterdam has to offer. The apartment is spacious and very light with large windows. It is equipped with WiFi, dishwasher, washing machine and consists out of one bedroom, one living room and one dining room…Ideal for a perfect trip to Amsterdam! As I have a hospitality background, I am looking forward to welco","I offer a fully equipped beautiful 70m2, 3 room apartment near the Zuidas and the RAI convention Centre, approximately 20 minutes from the city centre. The apartment is located in a quite neighbourhood and serves as a great location for either business or leisure travel. For those who wish to enjoy the liveliness of the city centre, the apartment is situated only 15 minutes from the popular area of “ de Pijp” and the city centre is 20 minutes away.  It is located near the Zuidas, the VU University of  Amsterdam and the RAI Convention Centre (all within a 5 minute bus ride) Public transport by bus or tram will bring you quickly to the Leidseplein, Dam Square, Museumsquare and Central Station. I have one bike you can borrow as well if you wish to experience the true Dutch spirit!  There are 2 shopping malls in the area ( walking distance) and 2 beautiful parks ( Amsterdamse Bos and Amstelpark), ideal for those who wish to enjoy the peace and quiet Amsterdam has to offer. The apartment is","The apartment is located just in the outskirts of Amsterdam, a 20 minute ride to the city centre. Perfect for those who wish to enjoy the peace and quiet of a relaxt neighbourhoud, but still wish to be close to the city to enjoy all it has to offer. For those attending conventions in the RAI, the apartment is perfect. The RAI can be reached by bus in 5 minutes or by walking (about 20 minutes).","I have detailed information available on public transport as well as helpful links for things to see and do. Once your reservation has been confirmed, I will e- mail you with all the details.",Smoking and drugs are strictly forbidden.
