"Corner apartment with balcony facing southwest on the famous new island of Amsterdam.The apartment is 82m2, has a living room with an open kitchen, bedroom with flatscreen, study and (Website hidden by Airbnb) is fully equipped. Living room is with flatscreen,","A lovely, cozy, design apartment. ","Corner apartment with balcony facing southwest on the famous new island of Amsterdam.The apartment is 82m2, has a living room with an open kitchen, bedroom with flatscreen, study and (Website hidden by Airbnb) is fully equipped. Living room is with flatscreen, A lovely, cozy, design apartment. by email or mobilephone/ text. The house, and especially its location, has all the facilities to enjoy a great holiday. For example, a small beach is found in just a 5 minutes walk and the old center of Amsterdam with its famous canals and museums, among others the Vincent van Gogh museum, are reachable within 20 minutes by public transport. Around the corner you’ll find a shopping area where one can get al the daily groceries and in the neighborhood there are nice bars and restaurants. Of course we will leave a list of all good places to go in the direct surroundings. Because of the profitable location of our house, you’ll easily reach other Dutch cities, such as Utrecht and Haarlem, and the tra","The house, and especially its location, has all the facilities to enjoy a great holiday. For example, a small beach is found in just a 5 minutes walk and the old center of Amsterdam with its famous canals and museums, among others the Vincent van Gogh museum, are reachable within 20 minutes by public transport. Around the corner you’ll find a shopping area where one can get al the daily groceries and in the neighborhood there are nice bars and restaurants. Of course we will leave a list of all good places to go in the direct surroundings. Because of the profitable location of our house, you’ll easily reach other Dutch cities, such as Utrecht and Haarlem, and the traditional fisherman villages Volendam, Monnikendam and Marken by train or car. You could also visit the North Sea beaches at Zandvoort or IJmuiden by bus or train. There are several great biking and hiking routes through the park near our house, that, among others, lead to Muiden and Muidenberg, which has its own small and co",,No smoking and with respect to the neighbors.
