"We offer a very spacious (approx. 120m2), peaceful, beautiful house on the ground floor with a large garden at the back, close to the city centre, Oosterpark and the Albert Cuyp market.","We offer a very spacious (approx. 120m2), peaceful, beautiful house on the ground floor with a large garden at the back, close to the city centre, Oosterpark and the Albert Cuyp market. Ground floor (approx. 60M2) is the living room (with television), kitchen (fully equipped) and diningroom with a large diningtable for a maximum of 8 people. From the kitchen you´ll find the outside entrance to the garden where you can enjoy the art of making fire! Also great place to hang out at the front of the house. Until 6pm there is sun where you can sit on the bench and relax with a glass of wine. Souterrain (approx. 60 m2) with 3 bedrooms. One with kingbed, one with single bed and one room with another singlebed which can be turned into a double bed. Large bathroom with bath and bidet. Ideal house for families, with toys and child beds if needed. Also for couples and other guests of course. Albert Cuypmarket only 5 to 10 minutes away and Oosterpark within 3 minutes. Tramstop within 150 meters. G","We offer a very spacious (approx. 120m2), peaceful, beautiful house on the ground floor with a large garden at the back, close to the city centre, Oosterpark and the Albert Cuyp market. We offer a very spacious (approx. 120m2), peaceful, beautiful house on the ground floor with a large garden at the back, close to the city centre, Oosterpark and the Albert Cuyp market. Ground floor (approx. 60M2) is the living room (with television), kitchen (fully equipped) and diningroom with a large diningtable for a maximum of 8 people. From the kitchen you´ll find the outside entrance to the garden where you can enjoy the art of making fire! Also great place to hang out at the front of the house. Until 6pm there is sun where you can sit on the bench and relax with a glass of wine. Souterrain (approx. 60 m2) with 3 bedrooms. One with kingbed, one with single bed and one room with another singlebed which can be turned into a double bed. Large bathroom with bath and bidet. Ideal house for families, w",Closeby the citycentre although quiet and peaceful area.,Public transport around the corner and metro also 5 minutes walking distance,Mi casa es su casa :) Please treat our house with respect as it would be your own house and most important: ENJOY!!
