"A nice apartment that feels like home. A relaxed and friendly atmosphere. The apartment is spacious, great balcony and easy access to the city center. Parking spots in front, shops close by, tram infront of the door.. all ready for your stay!","Some things to describe this wonderful apartment: Spacious! New bed (boxspring), fully equipped kitchen, easy parking and a big 42 ich tv…. What else do you need after a day strolling in Amsterdam…. A warm apartment to come “home” to…..  This apartment, 10 min from Schiphol and 10 min from Amsterdam Centre, with public transport and free parking right infront of the apartment. Because the apartment is located in Amsterdam West, this means you have the centre within 10 minutes by public transport, the Anne Frank's house in 5 minutes and the always fun Jordaan in 5 minutes. About the space:  -----------------------  - Kitchen with fridge, freezer, oven, dishwasher and cooking facilities  - Bathroom with a toilet, a shower  - Washing machine and dryer available.  - Radio, TV, DVD player, free WIFI internet and movies on demand (this will be charged when you check out)  - Very cozy lightning and fireplace.  - Big balcony on the west side, which means from 14:00 you are in for a treat!  - T","A nice apartment that feels like home. A relaxed and friendly atmosphere. The apartment is spacious, great balcony and easy access to the city center. Parking spots in front, shops close by, tram infront of the door.. all ready for your stay! Some things to describe this wonderful apartment: Spacious! New bed (boxspring), fully equipped kitchen, easy parking and a big 42 ich tv…. What else do you need after a day strolling in Amsterdam…. A warm apartment to come “home” to…..  This apartment, 10 min from Schiphol and 10 min from Amsterdam Centre, with public transport and free parking right infront of the apartment. Because the apartment is located in Amsterdam West, this means you have the centre within 10 minutes by public transport, the Anne Frank's house in 5 minutes and the always fun Jordaan in 5 minutes. About the space:  -----------------------  - Kitchen with fridge, freezer, oven, dishwasher and cooking facilities  - Bathroom with a toilet, a shower  - Washing machine and drye","I love it here. It's quiet like the suburbs, but 10 minutes from the city centre. You have a park next to the apartment.","Public transport is right infront of the door. Tram to the centre, metro to all the big stations and a train to and from Schiphol airport.",No smoking and no heavy partying (since the complex is very old).
