,"Our house is situated in the hart of Amsterdam in the redlight district. The apartment is very spacious and has lot's of natural light. The livingroom has floor to ceiling windows and looks out over the beautiful Oudezijds Voorburgwal (canal). Central Station is a five minute walk and bars and restaurants can be found within a minute walking distance. Friends say we have the perfect house. Close to the fun with beautiful views and great space! Our apartment is perfect for a fun weekend in Amsterdam because all major attractions are within walking distance or can be reached by public transport within 10 minutes. The living room has two comfortable couches that is perfect for relaxing. The dining table looks out over the canal and can seat 4 people.   The bedroom has a kingsize bed. It is possible to sleep on mattresses in the living room if you want to stay with four people. We have extra blankets etc. The kitchen has a gas stove, microwave/oven, fridge and a breakfast bar.   Bathroom h","Our house is situated in the hart of Amsterdam in the redlight district. The apartment is very spacious and has lot's of natural light. The livingroom has floor to ceiling windows and looks out over the beautiful Oudezijds Voorburgwal (canal). Central Station is a five minute walk and bars and restaurants can be found within a minute walking distance. Friends say we have the perfect house. Close to the fun with beautiful views and great space! Our apartment is perfect for a fun weekend in Amsterdam because all major attractions are within walking distance or can be reached by public transport within 10 minutes. The living room has two comfortable couches that is perfect for relaxing. The dining table looks out over the canal and can seat 4 people.   The bedroom has a kingsize bed. It is possible to sleep on mattresses in the living room if you want to stay with four people. We have extra blankets etc. The kitchen has a gas stove, microwave/oven, fridge and a breakfast bar.   Bathroom h","Right in the ""red light district"" of Amsterdam. Its located in the city center. 5min walk to central station, 5min walk to Dam square. Pleanty of bars and cafes very close by and the very popular nieuwmarkt square is 2min walk.","Public transport in Amsterdam is great. Use of tram, bus, train, metro and taxi is all very close by, all within 600meters. Amsterdam is also known for its bike population. There are bike rental outlets in our street for approx €8-10per day.  ",Strictly No Smoking. No Drugs. Be respectful of apartment and Neighbours.
