"Very centrally located bright and modern apartment, 75m2, very close to the center &Jordaan. Main attractions within walking distance/trams. Own entrance/front door, very private. King double bed, sofa, spacious living room, kitchen, balcony.","- If you don't like to watch TV or check your mobile devices all the time, this is the place for you to stay in Amsterdam! - NO WIFI and NO TV at this moment. - appr. 75 m2 bright and modern apartment very close to city center and all main attractions - suitable for one to four people - characteristic building, fully renovated in 2010. - high ceilings, 3.50 meters - special art works and lighting throughout the apartment - quiet bedrooms at the back of the building, looking the courtyard - large comfortable king-size bed, also suitable for tall people: 1.80 x 2.20 m - sofa bed in seperate room: 1.40 x 2.00 m - whirlpool and separate shower - fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, stove, refrigerator, microwave, oven, coffee machine, toaster, dinnerware - washing machine and dryer available - smoking inside is not allowed; smoking on the balcony is possible.","Very centrally located bright and modern apartment, 75m2, very close to the center &Jordaan. Main attractions within walking distance/trams. Own entrance/front door, very private. King double bed, sofa, spacious living room, kitchen, balcony. - If you don't like to watch TV or check your mobile devices all the time, this is the place for you to stay in Amsterdam! - NO WIFI and NO TV at this moment. - appr. 75 m2 bright and modern apartment very close to city center and all main attractions - suitable for one to four people - characteristic building, fully renovated in 2010. - high ceilings, 3.50 meters - special art works and lighting throughout the apartment - quiet bedrooms at the back of the building, looking the courtyard - large comfortable king-size bed, also suitable for tall people: 1.80 x 2.20 m - sofa bed in seperate room: 1.40 x 2.00 m - whirlpool and separate shower - fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, stove, refrigerator, microwave, oven, coffee machine, toaster, dinn","- within walking distance to Leidse square, Dam/city center, Jordaan - within walking distance to Rijks Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Anne Frank House (less than 10 mins) - lots of restaurants nearby. Especially the 'Jordaan' area is recommended",- Choose from 8 tram lines and several bus lines to explore the city - Within 10 minutes to Central Station by public transport - Within 30 minutes by bus (no switch) to Schiphol airport,Please be very respectful to the neighbours. No parties. No smoking inside (on balcony you can). No pets. Please leave the apartment as you found it.
