,"The apartment has a spacious living, a big bedroom, a study and open kitchen. On the nice sunny balcony you can enjoy breakfast, lunch or diner. The sun will be there till about 9 p.m. The open kitchen is well equipped, with dishwasher, watercoocker, coffeemaker and of course a stove. The spacious bathroom has of a shower, the toilet is separately. The apartment is very bright with large windows in the front and back. There is wifi offcourse for guests to use. Same counts for towels and linnen. The apartment is situated in the east part of Amsterdam, close to Artis and the Tropenmuseum. In the neighbourhood there are plenty of nice cafes and restaurants, shops and the well know daily market with food from lots of different cultures. With all the public transport the city is easy to reach. Within 20 minutes you're at Dam Square, Central Station.. Room type: Entire home/apt  Bed type: Double Bed  Accommodates: 3 Bedrooms: 1  Bathrooms: 1  Extra people: No Charge  Weekly Price: € 500 /wee","The apartment has a spacious living, a big bedroom, a study and open kitchen. On the nice sunny balcony you can enjoy breakfast, lunch or diner. The sun will be there till about 9 p.m. The open kitchen is well equipped, with dishwasher, watercoocker, coffeemaker and of course a stove. The spacious bathroom has of a shower, the toilet is separately. The apartment is very bright with large windows in the front and back. There is wifi offcourse for guests to use. Same counts for towels and linnen. The apartment is situated in the east part of Amsterdam, close to Artis and the Tropenmuseum. In the neighbourhood there are plenty of nice cafes and restaurants, shops and the well know daily market with food from lots of different cultures. With all the public transport the city is easy to reach. Within 20 minutes you're at Dam Square, Central Station.. Room type: Entire home/apt  Bed type: Double Bed  Accommodates: 3 Bedrooms: 1  Bathrooms: 1  Extra people: No Charge  Weekly Price: € 500 /wee",,With tram 9 you will be in the city centre in less than 20 minutes.  The train stations is within a 5 minute walk.,Respect the neighbours and please don´t smoke inside the appartment.
