"Our clean and cosy apartment with two living rooms, one bedroom, a new kitchen and a light wooden floor, is a home in the middle of one the best city's in the world. Vondelpark, De Hallen, Jordaan, centre canals and Leidseplein are on walking distance!","For Amsterdam standards the apartment is spacious with 60M2 and a balcony. It was renovated in 2010. It has a very cosy atmosphere in the evening and is light in the day, with big windows.  One room has a big table, to eat, relax and read at. It also has a comfy corner with books.   The second room has a very loungy couch, a very nice place to unwind after a busy day of amsterdam, or to watch a movie. The kitchen is open to this room. The kitchen is only 3 years old and fully equipped. The bedroom is very spacious and has a comfortable two person bed. The bedroom is upstairs and you have to climb one stair to reach it.  Bathroom (shower, sink, washing machine) and toilet are separate, new and clean.","Our clean and cosy apartment with two living rooms, one bedroom, a new kitchen and a light wooden floor, is a home in the middle of one the best city's in the world. Vondelpark, De Hallen, Jordaan, centre canals and Leidseplein are on walking distance! For Amsterdam standards the apartment is spacious with 60M2 and a balcony. It was renovated in 2010. It has a very cosy atmosphere in the evening and is light in the day, with big windows.  One room has a big table, to eat, relax and read at. It also has a comfy corner with books.   The second room has a very loungy couch, a very nice place to unwind after a busy day of amsterdam, or to watch a movie. The kitchen is open to this room. The kitchen is only 3 years old and fully equipped. The bedroom is very spacious and has a comfortable two person bed. The bedroom is upstairs and you have to climb one stair to reach it.  Bathroom (shower, sink, washing machine) and toilet are separate, new and clean. The apartment is not shared with other","I don't know where to start when describing the highlights of the neighborhood. The newest hotspot of amsterdam is 20 meters behind the apartment, it's called De Hallen and has a foodcourt (20 kitchens), a cinema, 2 restaurants and much more. For the rest you are close to the centercanals, museumsquare, leidseplein (entertainment area)  etc etc.",There is lots of public transport and walking or biking is also a very good options. Also healthier :),"I love my apartment, so i hope and suspect that you will also handle it with love and care. And enjoy it off course!  No smoking inside.  No pets."
