"Large, sunny & kid friendly apt (with lift) close to center of city. 20 minutes from Schiphol & Centraal Station via car or public transport.  Trams take 10 minutes or less to center of city & are a 3 minute walk from apt.  Great restaurants & cafes all in walking distance!","A modern new space in an old wonderful city.  The building has a lift, no more carrying your luggage up flights of stairs.  The house has one bedroom downstairs with a bathroom and separate toilet. The master bedroom and baby room are upstairs, along with another full bathroom. Our home is spacious with a living room, dining room and large kitchen downstairs and it has amazing light and views.","Large, sunny & kid friendly apt (with lift) close to center of city. 20 minutes from Schiphol & Centraal Station via car or public transport.  Trams take 10 minutes or less to center of city & are a 3 minute walk from apt.  Great restaurants & cafes all in walking distance! A modern new space in an old wonderful city.  The building has a lift, no more carrying your luggage up flights of stairs.  The house has one bedroom downstairs with a bathroom and separate toilet. The master bedroom and baby room are upstairs, along with another full bathroom. Our home is spacious with a living room, dining room and large kitchen downstairs and it has amazing light and views. I'm happy to offer suggestions and recommendations, I love Amsterdam and sharing my favorite spots with people to help make their visit memorable and unforgettable. Oud west is filled with new and trendy cafes and restaurants.  From the best coffee in the city to great weekend brunch spots. You can grab a cup of coffee, walk t","Oud west is filled with new and trendy cafes and restaurants.  From the best coffee in the city to great weekend brunch spots. You can grab a cup of coffee, walk through Vondel Park and end up at Museumplein.  Tram 17 takes you directly to the city center and tram 7 takes you to Leidseplein and the east.",There are 4 trams that are easily within walking distance from the apartment and in less than 10 minutes you are in Dam square or Leidseplein. Tram 7 & 17 are the closest to the apartment.  Bike rentals can be easily arranged.,Absolutely no smoking (of any kind) in the house OR on the balconies (this will forfeit your security deposit). No pets.
