"Spacious classic APT in the quartier Latin of Amsterdam. Many cafe's & restaurants & market & park around. 5 min. walk to canals or 10 to the city centre. Easy access with public transport, metro and tram and buses and bike rental nearby.  The APT has changed compared to foto's as we have a little baby now and the garden is much nicer. Have a great time visiting Amsterdam!","Upper level:  living area with two very spacious rooms with typical ornamented ceilings and lots of light. One room with an open kitchen confines to the veranda with an outside staircase to the garden, the other room is the living room and has two French balconies. The lower floor has a large master bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and a smaller child  room/ guest room with a bunked bed that fits two people.  All visitors have been positively surprised by the nice ""Pijp""  (pipe) area and the style of the APT.  Accommodates 3-4 people, especially well for small family.","Spacious classic APT in the quartier Latin of Amsterdam. Many cafe's & restaurants & market & park around. 5 min. walk to canals or 10 to the city centre. Easy access with public transport, metro and tram and buses and bike rental nearby.  The APT has changed compared to foto's as we have a little baby now and the garden is much nicer. Have a great time visiting Amsterdam! Upper level:  living area with two very spacious rooms with typical ornamented ceilings and lots of light. One room with an open kitchen confines to the veranda with an outside staircase to the garden, the other room is the living room and has two French balconies. The lower floor has a large master bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and a smaller child  room/ guest room with a bunked bed that fits two people.  All visitors have been positively surprised by the nice ""Pijp""  (pipe) area and the style of the APT.  Accommodates 3-4 people, especially well for small family. Guests have access to the entire apartment. Maria","Atmosphere, the Quartier Latin of Amsterdam. Welcome to de Pijp.  This apartment is located on a nice square in this trendy neighborhood in Amsterdam.  There is a tramstop in two minutes walking distance, and parking places in front. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic (typical Dutch) cafés, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Ofcourse, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn't be the same without a trip to the famous Albert Cuypmarket, flanked by over 100 shops. If you wander down Albert Cuypstraat and Ferdinand Bolstraat, the main streets in de Pijp, you'll find many exotic and authentic Syrian, Moroccan, Surinamese restaurants, to name but a few, and a typical Amsterdam pub is located on almost every corner. Also in abundance are the Islamic butchers, Surinamese, Spanish, Indian and Turkish delicatessens and grocery stores. It's easy to find your way in this area!","metro, tram, very close. Bike rental also close by.","House rules - Check in: 3.00 PM (unless agreed otherwise) - Check in after 8:00 PM: we charge €20 extra to cover our expenses - Check out: 11.00 AM We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down. We kindly ask you to respect your neighbours; - No loud music after 10.00 PM;  - No house parties;  - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - No smoking inside the apartment; - No drugs. The use of drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - We provide you with clean bedsheets and one medium sized towel (140x70 cm) per person at no additional charge. Please leave them after check out; - Extra towels are available for rent for €2 per towel. - Please do not use any other towels and/or bedlinen you might find in the house. We will charge you €25,- for dry cleaning services. - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mailman, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - We guarantee a cle"
