"Welcome to Amsterdam! And welcome to my home! I hope you love this apartment as much as I do. It's ideal for a family or friends and a great base from which to explore the city. With two bedrooms, a bright and cosy living room, bathroom, fully equipped separate kitchen and a sunny balcony you'll be comfortable and feel right at home.  Very close to the city centre and the Vondelpark. Surrounded by restaurants a very nice bakery and coffee company & many shops just around the corner. Enjoy!","1 livingroom 2 bedrooms (1 with queensize bed, 1 with 2 single beds) bathroom separate toilet separate kitchen","Welcome to Amsterdam! And welcome to my home! I hope you love this apartment as much as I do. It's ideal for a family or friends and a great base from which to explore the city. With two bedrooms, a bright and cosy living room, bathroom, fully equipped separate kitchen and a sunny balcony you'll be comfortable and feel right at home.  Very close to the city centre and the Vondelpark. Surrounded by restaurants a very nice bakery and coffee company & many shops just around the corner. Enjoy! 1 livingroom 2 bedrooms (1 with queensize bed, 1 with 2 single beds) bathroom separate toilet separate kitchen You will have the house to yourself. If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will make sure someone will be there to welcome you, show you around and answer all your questions. Occupying a roughly triangular area bordered by the stately Vondelpark to the south, the leafy and lively Oud-West (Old West) a dynamic neighborhood that's home to a flurry of top-notch restaurants, hip boutiques and ","Occupying a roughly triangular area bordered by the stately Vondelpark to the south, the leafy and lively Oud-West (Old West) a dynamic neighborhood that's home to a flurry of top-notch restaurants, hip boutiques and beautiful concept stores – many of which are found on the bustling De Clercqstraat and the Jan Pieter Heijestraat – while the Overtoom, a busy road that runs parallel to the Vondelpark, is the best place in town for furniture shopping. An increasing number of convivial coffee shops are opening their doors on the bustling Kinkerstraat (just around the corner), and at its intersection with Ten Katemarkt, you’ll come across one of Amsterdam’s coolest developments – De Hallen. Having undergone an enchanting renovation, this former tram depot now houses a boutique hotel, cinema, two restaurants and a food hall that’s a sheer feast of a treat for culinary connoisseurs. It’s monthly Local Goods Market is the place to go for some of Amsterdam’s finest craft goods, too.  When the w",Public transportation with the tram around the corner or take an Uber.,"Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check-in: - The checkin t"
