"Spacious, cozy and clean 100sq meter apartment with a fully equipped open kitchen, living room and balcony on the 1st floor next to Westerpark. Master Bedroom has a double bed (160X200) and drawers. Apartment is perfect for couples, solo and business travelers. High speed WiFi internet connection - Netflix -  washer and dryer - Smoking is allowed on the balcony - Park with cultural, sports and dining options at your doorstep",Apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Amsterdam building at the Westerpark. The street is very quiet with limited car traffic besides the tram. Windows are double glas. Tram stop is located literally 2 minutes from the apartment which make it convenient to go around. There are usually parking places available in the street and there is also a parking garage really close to the apartment.,"Spacious, cozy and clean 100sq meter apartment with a fully equipped open kitchen, living room and balcony on the 1st floor next to Westerpark. Master Bedroom has a double bed (160X200) and drawers. Apartment is perfect for couples, solo and business travelers. High speed WiFi internet connection - Netflix -  washer and dryer - Smoking is allowed on the balcony - Park with cultural, sports and dining options at your doorstep Apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Amsterdam building at the Westerpark. The street is very quiet with limited car traffic besides the tram. Windows are double glas. Tram stop is located literally 2 minutes from the apartment which make it convenient to go around. There are usually parking places available in the street and there is also a parking garage really close to the apartment. Westerpark area is really close to nice bars and Cafes such as Cafe Amsterdam, Westergasfabriek. Perfect for jogging in the park both morning and evening. The neighbor","Westerpark area is really close to nice bars and Cafes such as Cafe Amsterdam, Westergasfabriek. Perfect for jogging in the park both morning and evening. The neighborhood is also located really close to the Jordaan area. On Saturday, you can go to the Jordaan Market which is 5 minutes away by bike. Groceries possible really close both during the day and at night.","Both Tram 10 and Bus 21 are 2 minutes away from the apartment. Tram 10 will take you directly to Leidseplein, Spiegelgracht (Antique street) in the center and Bus 21 is direct connection in 15 minutes to Central Station. I am happy to lend you one extra bike that you can use. If you prefer car, you can use the Greewheels subscription. Greenwheels car is available downstairs our house.",- Smocking not allowed in the house but allowed on the balcony.
