"Ideal home for families with kids. Max 4 guests; Minimum stay five (5) nights in our bright, modern and comfortable home (80m2) with a small, green garden (30m2). We live in this home, but will empty all cupboards for your stay and make it spotlessly clean of course. It's loacted within the ring of Amsterdam in quiet and cosy Amsterdam Oud-Zuid (close to Olympic Stadium). Perfect location for those who want to wind down after trip to busy centre (approx 15-20 mins by bike or public transport).","Bright, comfortable ground floor home (80m2) with small green garden (30m2) within ring of Amsterdam! IMPORTANT NOTE: There are 3 bedrooms (10m2 each), but we will close 1 of them to store our personal belongings, so effectively you have the whole space minus 1 locked room, so 2 bedrooms for you to use (see below for more info).  Location: quiet residential part of Amsterdam (Old South/Oud-Zuid - Olympic Stadium area) with a large, child-friendly pavement and lots of parks and playgrounds in walking distance. City centre only 15-20 mins cycle or tram journey away. You can look up the buzz of the city, but come back to quiet area to wind down again! We live in this home and have 2 children (girl and boy, born in 2010 and 2013) so most of the necessary kids stuff is available (see FEATURES list below), making our home also ideal for other families with (small) children. If you don't bring kids we will obviously hide all the kids' toys and stuff out of sight. We love our little garden wit","Ideal home for families with kids. Max 4 guests; Minimum stay five (5) nights in our bright, modern and comfortable home (80m2) with a small, green garden (30m2). We live in this home, but will empty all cupboards for your stay and make it spotlessly clean of course. It's loacted within the ring of Amsterdam in quiet and cosy Amsterdam Oud-Zuid (close to Olympic Stadium). Perfect location for those who want to wind down after trip to busy centre (approx 15-20 mins by bike or public transport). Bright, comfortable ground floor home (80m2) with small green garden (30m2) within ring of Amsterdam! IMPORTANT NOTE: There are 3 bedrooms (10m2 each), but we will close 1 of them to store our personal belongings, so effectively you have the whole space minus 1 locked room, so 2 bedrooms for you to use (see below for more info).  Location: quiet residential part of Amsterdam (Old South/Oud-Zuid - Olympic Stadium area) with a large, child-friendly pavement and lots of parks and playgrounds in walk","Our house used to be part of the Olympic Village during the 1928 Olympics. The Olympic Stadium is right around the corner. This part of Amsterdam is called Oud-Zuid (Old South) and is within walking distance of all the finest culture Amsterdam has to offer, such as Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk (modern art) museum, Van Gogh museum, concert building, Vondelpark, etc. It is a quiet residential area, yet very easy to get to the busy city centre and has all the conveniences that you need at walking distance: shops, supermarkets (regular ones, but also organic ones), a very good French bakery, cheese & wine shops, news stands, restaurants and bars. Most important for us personally are the many green public spaces and children’s playgrounds.","From Schiphol airport: taxi (20 mins, 40 euros) or bus 397 (20 mins and stops from a 5 minute walk to our house, approx. 6 euros single ticket). Public transport is around the corner. It only takes about 20 minutes to get to the historic centre with its canals and 30 minutes to the Central Station. You can easily walk or cycle everywhere. IMPORTANT NOTE FOR CAR PARKING! Parking is in the street (usually there is a place right in front of the door), but bear in mind that it is PAID parking from 09:00-21:00 EVERY DAY except Sundays. Day tickets cost 21 euros. There is an alternative: Park & Ride parking underneath Olympic Stadium for 8 euros per day, but that is for a maximum of 3 days and needs to be in combination with public transport pass and registered trip from city centre when you pick up your car again. If you need any (other) directions we will help you. We will also provide you with a map.","You are very welcome in our home and we would like you to feel comfortable during your stay. We will even leave you the basic shopping goods (milk, bread, rice, spaghetti, wine, some beers, etc.) to get you through the first (couple of) day(s). However, just to avoid any misunderstandings please comply to the following house rules: - The apartment is our home. We actually live there and we respect our neighbours, so please no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc.; - Absolutely no smoking of any kind in the house. If you want, you can smoke in the garden; - Dogs are allowed under some basic conditions (please discuss this with us prior to your booking); - We like to live in a clean house, so we will make sure our house is clean when you check-in and we request you to leave the apartment clean behind. We will charge additional costs when you leave the apartment very dirty."
