"Spacious (110m2), clean and light apartment in a quiet street in trendy Amsterdam Oost. It comfortably fits four and is just a 15 minute bike ride to the city centre. A lot of wonderful shops, restaurants and bars around to enjoy.","The apartment is spacious and light and fits up to four people comfortable. It is decorated in a modern but romantic way. There is a big (50m2) living room that includes the kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped and you are free to use it. There is a nice balcony over the full width of the apartment. Perfect for breakfast, a cup of coffee and to read a book at night. We will make sure to put some drinks in the fridge the day your arrive. At the front of the apartment there is a light and big seating area. Great to get some rest after biking or walking Amsterdam for a day. You can use the TV and Netflix. There are two bedrooms, the main bedroom has a double bed (180x220cm). The second bedroom is located at the front of the apartment and has two single beds (90x200cm) or baby bed if needed. The bathroom includes a separate bath and shower. There is also a separate toilet.","Spacious (110m2), clean and light apartment in a quiet street in trendy Amsterdam Oost. It comfortably fits four and is just a 15 minute bike ride to the city centre. A lot of wonderful shops, restaurants and bars around to enjoy. The apartment is spacious and light and fits up to four people comfortable. It is decorated in a modern but romantic way. There is a big (50m2) living room that includes the kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped and you are free to use it. There is a nice balcony over the full width of the apartment. Perfect for breakfast, a cup of coffee and to read a book at night. We will make sure to put some drinks in the fridge the day your arrive. At the front of the apartment there is a light and big seating area. Great to get some rest after biking or walking Amsterdam for a day. You can use the TV and Netflix. There are two bedrooms, the main bedroom has a double bed (180x220cm). The second bedroom is located at the front of the apartment and has two single beds (9","The apartment is located in upcoming Amsterdam East. Just 15 minutes by bike from the city centre and the main tourist attractions of Amsterdam. In the neighbourhood (under 5 minutes by bike) - Shop in the Javastraat - Eat at Wilde Zwijnen (our personal favourite) - Visit the best outdoor market in the Netherlands, the Dappermarkt - Party with the animals at Artis Amsterdam Zoo - Go clubbing in Studio K - Enjoy the biggest park in Amsterdam, the Flevopark - Go swimming in the outdoor swimming pool (Flevoparkbad) - Get drunk by drinking homemade beer at Brouwerij 't IJ - Enjoy beer and great chicken at ""De Biertuin"" - Have an Australian Breakfast at Drover's Dog - Enjoy the sun at the local distillery ""het Nieuwe Diep"" Approx 15 minutes by bike - Visit the flea market at Waterlooplein - Go see a play in Royal Theatre Carre - See the Red Light District - Go shopping in de Kalverstraat - Visit the Albert Cuyp outdoor market - Enjoy the Heineken Experience - The Rijks Museum - Van Gogh Mus","You are free to use our two bicycles, we can also give some suggestions on where to rent extra bikes if required. If you prefer public transport there are several options. Train Amsterdam Muiderpoort is just a two minute walk from the apartment. If you are arriving by plane the train is the easiest way to get from the airport to the apartment. A direct train leaves twice an hour ( :59 and :29) from platform 3 in the direction of Amersfoort. Amsterdam Muiderpoort is the first stop after Amsterdam Central Station. After exiting at Amsterdam Muiderpoort you walk down the stairs and take a left at the bottom. Once you exit the tunnel you will see a construction site on your left. Cross the street and walk between the railway on your left and the construction site on your right. After a 150 meters you will see a small playground on your left. The apartment is in the next street after that on the right (""Balistraat""). Tram There are several tram stops within walking distance. Parking You can","* No smoking indoors * No pets * Using the bikes is at your own risk Both bikes comes with two locks, please use them at all times. Make sure to always attach the bikes to something (bike stand, bridge or lightpole). * Be considerate to  the neighbors Please consider the neighbors when entering and exiting the apartment, especially on the stairs. * Food and drinks You can eat/drink all the food, spices and drink you have access to in the apartment. * Doing laundry Please do not use the washing machine after 8 o'clock at night."
