,"Please contact me for availability before attempting to book: Welcome to my spacious two story, three bedroom apartment in a newly renovated monument building minutes away from the heart of Amsterdam!  It is walking distance to Artis Zoo (12 mins) and Botanical gardens (7 mins), beautiful Oosterpark, and the Dappermarkt, one of the busiest outdoor markets in the city.   The tram stops practically in front of our building, and Weesperplein metro station is a 5-7 minute walk. From there it is a quick ride to Amstel or Central stations, the airport, or anywhere in the center of the city. The apartment is quite large by Amsterdam standards (140 m2) and stylish but cosy. Radiator heat means that you can adjust the temperature in each room as you choose.  On the top (4th) floor there are three bedrooms- One quite large with a flat screen TV and DVD player, and one smaller, both with double beds. Both of these rooms have a dedicated closet and drawers for your use. A third bedroom can hold an","Please contact me for availability before attempting to book: Welcome to my spacious two story, three bedroom apartment in a newly renovated monument building minutes away from the heart of Amsterdam!  It is walking distance to Artis Zoo (12 mins) and Botanical gardens (7 mins), beautiful Oosterpark, and the Dappermarkt, one of the busiest outdoor markets in the city.   The tram stops practically in front of our building, and Weesperplein metro station is a 5-7 minute walk. From there it is a quick ride to Amstel or Central stations, the airport, or anywhere in the center of the city. The apartment is quite large by Amsterdam standards (140 m2) and stylish but cosy. Radiator heat means that you can adjust the temperature in each room as you choose.  On the top (4th) floor there are three bedrooms- One quite large with a flat screen TV and DVD player, and one smaller, both with double beds. Both of these rooms have a dedicated closet and drawers for your use. A third bedroom can hold an",,,"No smoking in the house Absolutely no noise before 8 am and after 9 pm and respect the (really nice) neighbors like all historic Amsterdam apartments, this is an old, old building, and noise travels easily between floors. This is not a hotel, but a space where real people with real jobs and families live, and out of respect for them, there can be no loud noises, especially at night. There can be zero tolerance for disturbing the neighbors. If you want to stay up late watching loud tv, listening to music, drinking or partying, you are probably fantastic, fun people and I am sorry that I will not meet you, but I regret to say that THIS IS NOT THE APARTMENT FOR YOU!"
