"My cozy, 1 bedroom apartment in a quiet neighborhood is located very close to the famous Vondelpark and Museum Square (Rijks, van Gogh, Stedelijk). It has all the facilities you need, including easy access to public transportation. Furthermore, there are lots of good restaurants in the area for you to enjoy!","Mij lovely apartment is spacious, light and has everything you need at a great location. The apartment has 1 bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and toilet. It has a large kitchen where you can enjoy breakfast and has all the facilities cook dinner and a large living room for you to enjoy and relax. In summer, you can enjoy the small balcony.","My cozy, 1 bedroom apartment in a quiet neighborhood is located very close to the famous Vondelpark and Museum Square (Rijks, van Gogh, Stedelijk). It has all the facilities you need, including easy access to public transportation. Furthermore, there are lots of good restaurants in the area for you to enjoy! Mij lovely apartment is spacious, light and has everything you need at a great location. The apartment has 1 bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and toilet. It has a large kitchen where you can enjoy breakfast and has all the facilities cook dinner and a large living room for you to enjoy and relax. In summer, you can enjoy the small balcony. The apartment has its own entrance and you have the whole apartment to yourself. I will not see you much a you have the whole apartment to yourself, but you can always contact me in case of questions. Furthermore, I am very happy to provide you with tips on restaurants or other activities in Amsterdam! The neighborhood is nice and quiet and has e","The neighborhood is nice and quiet and has everything you need. There are multiple grocery stores, restaurants, bars and cafés in the area. Furthermore, it is close to both the Vondelpark, the Rembrantpark and the Amsterdamse Bos, so there is plenty of opportunity for you to go for a run or relax in one of these parks!","My apartment is within 2 minutes walking distance to the tram. The tram will take you to the center of the city within 10 minutes! Furthermore, there are many options in the area where you can rent a bike to explore the city.   If you arrive by flight, you can take a train to my apartment (station lelylaan) or a taxi (only a 10-15 min drive from the airport). If you travel by car, there are paid parking options in the street.",Drugs are not allowed
