"With 3 separate bedrooms and a modern decor, this 100m2 apartment with abundant light has everything you need for a comfortable stay in Amsterdam. By public transport, it’s only 6 minutes to Schiphol Airport and 16 into the city centre (Leidseplein). RAI Convention Centre and Amsterdam Zuid/WTC arevery close. The apartment has a balcony and an elevator (a rarity in Amsterdam). Supermarkets, restaurants, bars, public transport and the best French bakery in town are at walking distance.","The spacious and sunny living room with open plan modern kitchen has an adjacent balcony. The appartement can accommodate up to 4 people in 3 bedrooms. Seperate toilet. All facilities were renovated in 2011.  The apartment is on the 5th floor and is accessible by elevator, which is rare in Amsterdam. There is also a nice balcony where you can enjoy the sun from approximately 14.00 hours till sun set (depending on the time of year). The beds in the apartment are (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) and 90x200.","With 3 separate bedrooms and a modern decor, this 100m2 apartment with abundant light has everything you need for a comfortable stay in Amsterdam. By public transport, it’s only 6 minutes to Schiphol Airport and 16 into the city centre (Leidseplein). RAI Convention Centre and Amsterdam Zuid/WTC arevery close. The apartment has a balcony and an elevator (a rarity in Amsterdam). Supermarkets, restaurants, bars, public transport and the best French bakery in town are at walking distance. The spacious and sunny living room with open plan modern kitchen has an adjacent balcony. The appartement can accommodate up to 4 people in 3 bedrooms. Seperate toilet. All facilities were renovated in 2011.  The apartment is on the 5th floor and is accessible by elevator, which is rare in Amsterdam. There is also a nice balcony where you can enjoy the sun from approximately 14.00 hours till sun set (depending on the time of year). The beds in the apartment are (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) and 90x200. ","The Amsterdam-Zuid area is considered a safe, green and friendly neighbourhood with excellent facilities. There are several supermarkets (organic and regular), restaurants, bars, and shops around the corner including a tiny French bakery whose delicious breads and croissants attract a crowd during the weekend. Beatrix park is at walking distance.","The location of the apartment is very convenient. Amsterdam Zuid/WTC with its train/metro/bus connections is just a couple walking minutes away. From there, Schiphol Airport (7 minutes), Amsterdam city Center (16 minutes) and RAI convention Center (3 minutes) are very close. Or, hire bikes and do it the Dutch way! The apartment is a 7 minute train ride from the airport and Museum Square (the centre) is just 10 minutes away.",The appartment is located in a quiet and friendly neighbourhood and flat where people respect eachother's peace and quiet. Guests are kindly requested to behave accordingly.
