"Our very spacious, comfortable and sunny loft, in the center of De Pijp, is situated around the corner of the famous Albert Cuyp market and many delicious restaurants. It takes less than five minutes to walk to the Museum District.","The building in which the loft is situated used to be a awnings factory. You can still feel this unique atmosphere in the apartment, which was beautifully refurbished many years ago. With 70m2 and 4m hight it is quite a place to live in and rare in this neighborhood. Formerly it was owned by the brother of the famous Dutch brewer Alfred Heineken, whose brewery is just one minute walk. On the entresol there is a double bed and you can easily have diner with ten persons around the oval table. The kitchen will provide you with anything you need.","Our very spacious, comfortable and sunny loft, in the center of De Pijp, is situated around the corner of the famous Albert Cuyp market and many delicious restaurants. It takes less than five minutes to walk to the Museum District. The building in which the loft is situated used to be a awnings factory. You can still feel this unique atmosphere in the apartment, which was beautifully refurbished many years ago. With 70m2 and 4m hight it is quite a place to live in and rare in this neighborhood. Formerly it was owned by the brother of the famous Dutch brewer Alfred Heineken, whose brewery is just one minute walk. On the entresol there is a double bed and you can easily have diner with ten persons around the oval table. The kitchen will provide you with anything you need. The front door is shared with my artist friend next door. He works during working hours, mostly in the afternoon and (almost) never in the weekend, in his (soundproof) studio. We share the toilet but you will hardly not","We can't think of anything that is not completely wonderful about the neighborhood. It is very alive, with lots of little cafes and delicious restaurants from all over the world, but the apartment itself is situated in a quiet and friendly street, where a lot of people know each other. Kids use it as a playground.  Besides the daily Albert Cuyp market with fresh fruit, veggies and fish, there are two supermarkets around the corner and there are wonderful boutiques and unique shops. You can choose to have a nice stroll to the Stedelijkmuseum of contemporary art, the Rijksmuseum with the astonishing Nachtwacht from Rembrandt van Rijn, fall in love at first sight with the Straatje van Vermeer or discover that Van Gogh's landscapes are even much more beautiful than when you see them in books. All museums mentioned have been renovated impressively.","You can get to Dam square from the Pijp within ten minutes by tram. Another two minutes and you are at the Central Station. De Zuid-As and A10 are easily accessible by car, bike and public transport. Public transport to all parts of the city is within walking distance.","Please use the house as your own, don't smoke inside and respect the neighbors."
