"Welcome to my place! I'm crazy about it because it's spacious and bright and I love the neighborhood. One bedroom apartment (60M2) with sunny garden (45M2). Good public transport to the city center (10 mins) and the airport (25mins). 5 minutes walking to Rembrandtpark (ideal for running) and 10 minutes to the famous Vondelpark. Cable TV & high speed WiFi internet (120mbs). The bedroom is really quiet as it is next to the garden and away from the street. And as it's on the ground floor, even on hot days, it never gets really warm.",Living room (with big sofa) Bedroom (double bed) Fully equipped kitchen (inc. dishwasher) Toilet Bathroom (very nice large hot shower and new washing machine) Perfect place for a couple that would like to stay in the more authentic part of Amsterdam!,"Welcome to my place! I'm crazy about it because it's spacious and bright and I love the neighborhood. One bedroom apartment (60M2) with sunny garden (45M2). Good public transport to the city center (10 mins) and the airport (25mins). 5 minutes walking to Rembrandtpark (ideal for running) and 10 minutes to the famous Vondelpark. Cable TV & high speed WiFi internet (120mbs). The bedroom is really quiet as it is next to the garden and away from the street. And as it's on the ground floor, even on hot days, it never gets really warm. Living room (with big sofa) Bedroom (double bed) Fully equipped kitchen (inc. dishwasher) Toilet Bathroom (very nice large hot shower and new washing machine) Perfect place for a couple that would like to stay in the more authentic part of Amsterdam! The whole apartment and the garden. As it's on the ground floor, you won't have to climb any stairs to get in to the apartment. :-) You will have the house to yourself. If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will",Lively neighborhood that's close to two parks (Rembrandt and Vondelpark). A lot of trendy lunch places and coffee bars have been opening recently within walking distance.,Well connected to the city center by public transport. There are 2 supermarkets within 5 minutes walking and there are several bike shops close by where you can rent a bike.,"GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
