This beautiful 170m2 house is situated on the ground 2 floors in the Amsterdam Museum Quarter next to the Vondelpark with a great 90 qm2 sunny garden. The apartment has a warm authentic atmosphere and offers all the luxury you need. ,This spacious 2 level house has everything you need: - luxurious kitchen - cosy living area  - dinner room with fire place - 2 beautiful bedrooms with kingsize beds  - design bathroom - a children's bedroom (possibility for second baby bed).  The 90m2 romantic garden is very sunny (located to the south) and has an open air kitchen bbq. The apartment is perfect for two couples with one or two small childres or a family.,"This beautiful 170m2 house is situated on the ground 2 floors in the Amsterdam Museum Quarter next to the Vondelpark with a great 90 qm2 sunny garden. The apartment has a warm authentic atmosphere and offers all the luxury you need. This spacious 2 level house has everything you need: - luxurious kitchen - cosy living area  - dinner room with fire place - 2 beautiful bedrooms with kingsize beds  - design bathroom - a children's bedroom (possibility for second baby bed).  The 90m2 romantic garden is very sunny (located to the south) and has an open air kitchen bbq. The apartment is perfect for two couples with one or two small childres or a family. The house is next to the Vondelpark and the famous Museumplein with the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum is only a 5 minutes walk. The Museum Quarter today is one of the city's most prestigious (and safest) central neighborhoods, home to high-end shopping, the city's biggest park and some of its best restaurants. Tramstop 2 is very near and brings yo","The house is next to the Vondelpark and the famous Museumplein with the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum is only a 5 minutes walk. The Museum Quarter today is one of the city's most prestigious (and safest) central neighborhoods, home to high-end shopping, the city's biggest park and some of its best restaurants. Tramstop 2 is very near and brings you to the city centre (Leidseplein, Canals, Dam square) in 5 minutes.","See above, great public transport and all attractions are walking distance",No pets and no smoking in the house
