Our spacious 5 bedroom house is located in a central yet tranquil location next to the Vondelpark. Just 100 meters from both the main Amsterdam museums as the premier shopping streets. Super market and choice of restaurants within walking distance.,"You will feel at home in a truly unique location. We live in probably the best part of the city: Amsterdam Zuid. Central, yet safe and tranquil. Our house has 3 floors and measures 220 m2. The house dates back to 1900. We bought it 5 years ago and totally renovated it in a modern stylish way.  - First floor (acces to the house, 5 outside steps): TV room ensuite with a dining room with an open, totally equiped kitchen. The 5 meter dining table (seats 10 people) is the hart of our house.  - Sousterrain: Master bedroom with a huge double bed, ensuite bathroom (bath & shower) and doors to the tranquil garden. On this floor is a separate toilet, the washing and drying section and the office / storage room.  - Second floor: 4 bedrooms, a bathroom (again bath and shower), and seperate toilet. - Garden: Our small garden (5 x 7m) is a peaceful place with a terrace with a dining table and chairs under the vines. The garden is conveniently connected to the kitchen upstairs by winding stairs.  Bed","Our spacious 5 bedroom house is located in a central yet tranquil location next to the Vondelpark. Just 100 meters from both the main Amsterdam museums as the premier shopping streets. Super market and choice of restaurants within walking distance. You will feel at home in a truly unique location. We live in probably the best part of the city: Amsterdam Zuid. Central, yet safe and tranquil. Our house has 3 floors and measures 220 m2. The house dates back to 1900. We bought it 5 years ago and totally renovated it in a modern stylish way.  - First floor (acces to the house, 5 outside steps): TV room ensuite with a dining room with an open, totally equiped kitchen. The 5 meter dining table (seats 10 people) is the hart of our house.  - Sousterrain: Master bedroom with a huge double bed, ensuite bathroom (bath & shower) and doors to the tranquil garden. On this floor is a separate toilet, the washing and drying section and the office / storage room.  - Second floor: 4 bedrooms, a bathroom ","The location of our house is truly unique. We live in a quiet street yet only 100 meter walking distance from both the most famous museums (Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijksmuseum) and the best shopping streets (P.C. Hooft and Cornelis Schuyt). The entrance of the Vondelpark is right next door. Through the Vondelpark it is only a 10 minute walk to the Leidseplein and the famous Amsterdam canals. The Concert Gebouw is only 5 minutes away, just like one of the biggest supermarkets in the centre of Amsterdam. You will be spoiled for dinner hot spots in our neighbourhood.","Tram line 2, 3, 5 and 12 stops within a 100 meter walk. Line 2 is the direct connection to Central Station, line 5 to Amsterdam Zuid Station.","This is our private family home, treat it if it was your own. Respect our neighbours both in the house, the garden and on the street. We have outside space where you can smoke."
