"Right in the heart of Amsterdam's ""Cartier Latin"" ( De Pijp ), a nice apartment is waiting for you! Located close to the ""Museumplein"" (with its Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk Museums), the ""Leidseplein"" and ""Heinekenplein"",","Right in the heart of Amsterdam's ""Cartier Latin"" ( De Pijp ), a nice apartment is waiting for you! Located close to the ""Museumplein"" (with its Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk Museums), the ""Leidseplein"" and ""Heinekenplein"", the apartment is perfectly positioned between the canals and the coziest bars and restaurants of Amsterdam. Equipped with all the things you need for your stay: from WiFi internet, to the washing machine/dryer, cable TV and Playstation. The apartment features a very well equipped kitchen with fridge, dishwasher and everything else you will need for cooking as you do at home. Very conveniently, a major supermarket and the famous Albert Cuyp market are located very close-by.  1 x kid or baby room 1 x very big living with 1 x open kitchen 2 x bathroom 1 x outdoor / patio","Right in the heart of Amsterdam's ""Cartier Latin"" ( De Pijp ), a nice apartment is waiting for you! Located close to the ""Museumplein"" (with its Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk Museums), the ""Leidseplein"" and ""Heinekenplein"", Right in the heart of Amsterdam's ""Cartier Latin"" ( De Pijp ), a nice apartment is waiting for you! Located close to the ""Museumplein"" (with its Van Gogh, Rijks and Stedelijk Museums), the ""Leidseplein"" and ""Heinekenplein"", the apartment is perfectly positioned between the canals and the coziest bars and restaurants of Amsterdam. Equipped with all the things you need for your stay: from WiFi internet, to the washing machine/dryer, cable TV and Playstation. The apartment features a very well equipped kitchen with fridge, dishwasher and everything else you will need for cooking as you do at home. Very conveniently, a major supermarket and the famous Albert Cuyp market are located very close-by.  1 x kid or baby room 1 x very big living with 1 x open kitchen 2 x bathro",Albert cuijp market Serphatie park  Van Gogh museum Rijksmuseum Stedelijkmuseum Heineken Brewery,"Public transport, bicyles for rent around the corner",No smoking inside the house
