"Apartment (165m2), is situated on a quiet street, 15 minutes from the citycentre of Amsterdam. Large kitchen, comfortable floor heating, spacious bathroom. Especially suitable for a family or group of friends. Easy access to public transport.","The house has 3 bedrooms:  1 large Master bedroom with large double bed,  1  bedroom with queen bed suitable fo (Website hidden by Airbnb) adult   or     2 children. 1  bedroom with 2 single beds.  1 movable 1 pers. bed There is a spacious kitchen that is connected to the livingroom, perfectly suitable for a dinner with friends or a cozy family meal.","Apartment (165m2), is situated on a quiet street, 15 minutes from the citycentre of Amsterdam. Large kitchen, comfortable floor heating, spacious bathroom. Especially suitable for a family or group of friends. Easy access to public transport. The house has 3 bedrooms:  1 large Master bedroom with large double bed,  1  bedroom with queen bed suitable fo (Website hidden by Airbnb) adult   or     2 children. 1  bedroom with 2 single beds.  1 movable 1 pers. bed There is a spacious kitchen that is connected to the livingroom, perfectly suitable for a dinner with friends or a cozy family meal. It is also possible to arrange our baby-sit or a guided tour by a local. The owners will not be in the house during your stay. There will be contact when checking in and checking out. Pick up from the airport is also a possibility at an extra cost of € 25,00. The house can be easily reached in 15 minutes by train/metro from the airport. Public transport at 2 minutes walk. The city center can be reache",,"Pick up from the airport is also a possibility at an extra cost of € 25,00. The house can be easily reached in 15 minutes by train/metro from the airport. Public transport at 2 minutes walk. The city center can be reached using tram 13. It will only take 20 minutes to the exciting sights, restaurants, museums, shops and nightlife in the center of wonderful Amsterdam.",No pets. No smoking inside the house.
