The perfect location in the city centre of Amsterdam. A canal house at the Keizersgracht in the middle of the popular 'Jordaan' and in the famous shopping area 'the 9 streets'.  ,"The perfect location in the city centre of Amsterdam. A canal house in the middle of the popular 'Jordaan' and in the famous shopping area 'the 9 streets'.  My comfy studio of 38m2 is suited for 2 persons and is located on the first floor of a stunning Amsterdam Canal House. The space catches the sunlight beautifully and is above the gorgeous cooking school ‘Keizer Culinaire’.  It is equipped with a kitchen with a 4pit stove, a refrigerator and a bathroom including a shower, toilet, large sink and washing machine.  There is also free Wifi in the house.  There is a special sleeping area in the house. See the picture to see what I mean. You can access with a ladder. I really enjoy my sleeping tower, but take a look for yourself if this is what you find comfortable. In case it doesn't, my couch can be made into a sofa bed.","The perfect location in the city centre of Amsterdam. A canal house at the Keizersgracht in the middle of the popular 'Jordaan' and in the famous shopping area 'the 9 streets'.  The perfect location in the city centre of Amsterdam. A canal house in the middle of the popular 'Jordaan' and in the famous shopping area 'the 9 streets'.  My comfy studio of 38m2 is suited for 2 persons and is located on the first floor of a stunning Amsterdam Canal House. The space catches the sunlight beautifully and is above the gorgeous cooking school ‘Keizer Culinaire’.  It is equipped with a kitchen with a 4pit stove, a refrigerator and a bathroom including a shower, toilet, large sink and washing machine.  There is also free Wifi in the house.  There is a special sleeping area in the house. See the picture to see what I mean. You can access with a ladder. I really enjoy my sleeping tower, but take a look for yourself if this is what you find comfortable. In case it doesn't, my couch can be made into a ",The idyllic 9 streets are famous for their cute and hip shops and cafes.  Groceries can be done at the Marqt across the street (selling only biological and fair products) or the Albert Heijn at the Elandsgracht 2 minutes away.   The house is very close to all the famous hotspots in Amsterdam •Centraal Station – 15 minutes walk  •Dam Square - 10 minutes walk  •Flower Market - 5 minutes walk  •Spui - 3 minutes walk  •Jordaan - 1 minute walk  •Westerkerk / Anne Frank House - 5 minutes walk  •Rembrandt Square - 7 minutes walk  •Leidse Square - 7 minutes walk  •Museumsquare / Van Gogh Museum - 15 minutes walk ,,It is not allowed to smoke in the studio. You are allowed to bring pets.
