"Hi and welcome to my home: 55m2 private apartment in the beautiful area De Pijp!  If you are interested, I'd appreciate it if you read all the information in the detailed description below. It tells you all you need to know about the apartment, the neighborhood, public transport, bike rental, distances etc. Also I prefer to receive inquiries by message first, instead of a direct booking request. I like to talk with my guests first. Thanks for understanding and hope to welcome you soon!","-----------------------LOCATION The apartment is located in 'de Pijp', one of the most vivid and trendy neighborhoods of Amsterdam. It's right at the Sarphatipark (one of the more beautiful and quieter parks of Amsterdam) and around the corner you'll find lots of cafes & restaurants and the famous Albert Cuyp Market. (the street view shown is not exactly my street; I live at the park) On foot you're less than 20minutes from Dam Square, the centre of Amsterdam. But tram stops are only 1 minute away and can take you anywhere in no time. Museum Square is less than 10 minutes on foot, Leidse Square and Rembrand Square 15minutes on foot, the Kalverstraat, Amsterdam's main shopping street and the PC Hoofdstraat, Amsterdam's most posh shopping street only 20min. There are 2 big supermarkets and a daily fresh market less than 1 minute away. Once you'll book I'll send you an extensive list with tourist tips and other things to do, eat, see, experience, etc. --------------------------APARTMENT T","Hi and welcome to my home: 55m2 private apartment in the beautiful area De Pijp!  If you are interested, I'd appreciate it if you read all the information in the detailed description below. It tells you all you need to know about the apartment, the neighborhood, public transport, bike rental, distances etc. Also I prefer to receive inquiries by message first, instead of a direct booking request. I like to talk with my guests first. Thanks for understanding and hope to welcome you soon! -----------------------LOCATION The apartment is located in 'de Pijp', one of the most vivid and trendy neighborhoods of Amsterdam. It's right at the Sarphatipark (one of the more beautiful and quieter parks of Amsterdam) and around the corner you'll find lots of cafes & restaurants and the famous Albert Cuyp Market. (the street view shown is not exactly my street; I live at the park) On foot you're less than 20minutes from Dam Square, the centre of Amsterdam. But tram stops are only 1 minute away and ca",Read my space description for more information.,"Read my space description for more information. Public transport (train, tram, bus) is easily accessible, goes everywhere and can be found within walking distance. Check out this website for more info: 9292 OV (also available in english). Parking is very expensive, as in all of Amsterdam (within the city ring). I can give you tips for cheaper spots.","Smoking is allowed as long as you smoke near an open window. Smoking is not allowed in the bedroom. Houseguests are not allowed (or ask me about it in advance). I have very strict rules with my landlord regarding airbnb, the number of people I let in etc. It could cost me my apartment.. And during the evening/nighttime you really need to be quiet on the staircase. Other than that I hope you'll find yourselves at home and that you will treat it as such :)"
