"This is a cosy, modern apartment in the cool and cultural 'Amsterdam East' perfect for two people who want to enjoy a romantic Few days in Amsterdam.","This is a 50m2 apartment with one bedroom, a living room/dining room, a kitchen, a bathroom and two balconies. - free wifi - double bedroom with fresh linen - dog-friendly - smoking ok on the balcony, but not in the house - Juicer and fully-equiped kitchen","This is a cosy, modern apartment in the cool and cultural 'Amsterdam East' perfect for two people who want to enjoy a romantic Few days in Amsterdam. This is a 50m2 apartment with one bedroom, a living room/dining room, a kitchen, a bathroom and two balconies. - free wifi - double bedroom with fresh linen - dog-friendly - smoking ok on the balcony, but not in the house - Juicer and fully-equiped kitchen This vibrant, multi-cultural area has lots of nice cafes and restaurants. On our street is the new cool brunch cafe 'Drover's Dog'. Very close are bars and restaurants like;  -Studio K - food, drinks and films -Badhuis - cafe in former bathing house -Thai Tiger -amazing Thai food -Brouwerij 't Ij - beer brewery in a windmill -Restaurant Wilde Zwijnen -Pompstation - steakhouse The train station Muiderpoort is two minutes walk which has trains to Schiphol and Amsterdam Central Station. Central Station takes 4 minutes by train. Other trams like like line 3, 7 and 14 are also two minutes wa","This vibrant, multi-cultural area has lots of nice cafes and restaurants. On our street is the new cool brunch cafe 'Drover's Dog'. Very close are bars and restaurants like;  -Studio K - food, drinks and films -Badhuis - cafe in former bathing house -Thai Tiger -amazing Thai food -Brouwerij 't Ij - beer brewery in a windmill -Restaurant Wilde Zwijnen -Pompstation - steakhouse","The train station Muiderpoort is two minutes walk which has trains to Schiphol and Amsterdam Central Station. Central Station takes 4 minutes by train. Other trams like like line 3, 7 and 14 are also two minutes walk from the apartment. By bike it takes less than 15 minutes to get to central station",
