This apartment has been designed and refurbished by the owners and it shows! Climbing a wall instead of taking the stairs? Relaxing in a hammock instead of the sofa? It is all possible if you spend your holiday here!,"This top floor apartment has been designed by the owners and is not your usual place. How about a climbing wall in the stair case? The apartment is 80m2 spread over two floors. On the first floor you find the 2 bedrooms. The master bedroom has a double bed, a french balcony looking over this typical Amsterdam street and lots of closet space. The other bedroom has a handmade high up double bed, below a single bed, besides a baby/toddler bed, a balcony and a baby bath/sink. In between the two bedrooms you find the (basic) bathroom with shower and toilet. Upstairs is an open plan design with lots of eye catchers. The kitchen is one for food lovers, the huge dinner table seats 8 people and the lamp over it has been designed and handmade by the owners. On the other side you find the lounge area with big and comfortable sofa, a hammock and a big flatscreen TV. The apartment has everything you need: washing machine, dryer, dish washer, big fridge with ice cube machine, all cooking utensils yo","This apartment has been designed and refurbished by the owners and it shows! Climbing a wall instead of taking the stairs? Relaxing in a hammock instead of the sofa? It is all possible if you spend your holiday here! This top floor apartment has been designed by the owners and is not your usual place. How about a climbing wall in the stair case? The apartment is 80m2 spread over two floors. On the first floor you find the 2 bedrooms. The master bedroom has a double bed, a french balcony looking over this typical Amsterdam street and lots of closet space. The other bedroom has a handmade high up double bed, below a single bed, besides a baby/toddler bed, a balcony and a baby bath/sink. In between the two bedrooms you find the (basic) bathroom with shower and toilet. Upstairs is an open plan design with lots of eye catchers. The kitchen is one for food lovers, the huge dinner table seats 8 people and the lamp over it has been designed and handmade by the owners. On the other side you fin","The apartment is located in the east of Amsterdam in a very diverse an lively neighbourhood, but quiet and safe in the evening.  On the corner you find one of the best restaurants in Amsterdam, a nice bar with a fireplace is a few steps further down and at 200 mtrs you can catch a movie in the cinema, have lunch or if you feel like it go to a club night.  If you like food, you will love the area. It is full of shops with food/ingredients from around the world and the biggest food market in the city is held here daily. A regular supermarket is just around the corner of the apartment. You will be right in between two lovely parks in case you feel like a bit of nature. Also the 'Museum of the Tropics' is nearby and a great museum for both adults and children.","Here you are away from the masses though very well connected with the center by bus, train and tram. Just down the street you can rent a bike and the city center is a 15 minute bike ride away.",No smoking inside but we have balconies where you are allowed to smoke if you want.
