Nice spring in Amsterdam in your own a nice cosy apartment in the center of the city of Amsterdam.  The apartment is still available for summer. have very good recensies from guests.,"Located on the 1nd floor, the apartment is appr. 95 square metres and consists of a spacious living room, kitchen and dining area, separate bedroom, separate toilet and a bathroom with bath including shower.In the renewed luxurieus bathroom stands also a washing machine and dryer. The kitchen includes a microwave, oven, dishwasher, espresso machine, kitchen machine,fridge and several other appliances.  The bedroom has a kingsize bed. Ofcourse there are clean sheets and towels. From the bedroom you can access the balcony. Free high speed wireless internet is included as well as a flatscreen LCD tv with many international channels. There are wooden floors throughout the house. The appartment is located  in the center of Amsterdam.Everything from the house is walking distance : You'll find many nice restaurants, bars and stores in the immediate area. Should you come by car, you can notify me in advance so I can reserve a place in the habitants parking place. This is not included in the pr","Nice spring in Amsterdam in your own a nice cosy apartment in the center of the city of Amsterdam.  The apartment is still available for summer. have very good recensies from guests. Located on the 1nd floor, the apartment is appr. 95 square metres and consists of a spacious living room, kitchen and dining area, separate bedroom, separate toilet and a bathroom with bath including shower.In the renewed luxurieus bathroom stands also a washing machine and dryer. The kitchen includes a microwave, oven, dishwasher, espresso machine, kitchen machine,fridge and several other appliances.  The bedroom has a kingsize bed. Ofcourse there are clean sheets and towels. From the bedroom you can access the balcony. Free high speed wireless internet is included as well as a flatscreen LCD tv with many international channels. There are wooden floors throughout the house. The appartment is located  in the center of Amsterdam.Everything from the house is walking distance : You'll find many nice restauran",The best place of Amsterdam!,Public transport is near and very convenient,"*No drugs.  *Please smoke on the balcony only.  *After 11 pm please be quiet. This is a residential area and my neighbors are working people!  No renting bikes in the entrance. *I'm flexible on arrivals and departure ( as it generally works out for everyone o.k, and I do like to accommodate ) but if I do have same day change overs then I would ask departures before 10.30 and arrivals after 16:00 (To clean the house).  * Accidents do happen! Please just tell me asap and I can rectify any problems/breakages for you, and the next guests.  *Otherwise enjoy your home from home!"
