,"I will be very happy to host you in my STUDIO VONDELPARK. This studio is located at the lovely Vondelpark and in walking distance from the museumdistrict and the Leidseplein with its many with restaurants, cinenmas, theatres and bustling nightlife.  The studio is part of a beautifully restored, 19th century house with many original details and ornaments. It has a large central hallway with two bedrooms, two bathrooms as well as a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge, gas, etc.  There is an open firplace, and an outdoor terrace on the sunny south side. You can do your shopping in a supermarket right acros the street which is open from 8 in the morning until 10 in the evening. The neighbourhood is safe, lively and friendly and you can either park in the street of at the Park & Ride Take a look at the pictures; you can feel confident that you will feel happy here! Sending a booking request is the first step to having an excellent place to stay in Amsterdam. Breakfast is not inclu","I will be very happy to host you in my STUDIO VONDELPARK. This studio is located at the lovely Vondelpark and in walking distance from the museumdistrict and the Leidseplein with its many with restaurants, cinenmas, theatres and bustling nightlife.  The studio is part of a beautifully restored, 19th century house with many original details and ornaments. It has a large central hallway with two bedrooms, two bathrooms as well as a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge, gas, etc.  There is an open firplace, and an outdoor terrace on the sunny south side. You can do your shopping in a supermarket right acros the street which is open from 8 in the morning until 10 in the evening. The neighbourhood is safe, lively and friendly and you can either park in the street of at the Park & Ride Take a look at the pictures; you can feel confident that you will feel happy here! Sending a booking request is the first step to having an excellent place to stay in Amsterdam. Breakfast is not inclu",,,
