"Very comfortable small studio (14 square meters) with everything you need in old docklands only 5 minutes from city centre. Safe and quiet area with lots of things to see and do, safe swimming in harbour! Separate studio with your own entrance, kitchen and bathroom. Perfect double bed!","Beautiful studio in  Eastern Docklands on street level. So no stairs!!!! Architectual neighbourhood. Own entrance with bathroom, toilet and kitchen A small but quiet and light B&B in Amsterdam. Stunning neighbourhood. Modern architecture. Very nice view.  Quiet area very near the centre of town.  Public transport is nearby.  Club Panama only 5 minutes walking with fantastic Spanish restaurant Nice bars and restaurants with sun terrace on the keys round the corner.  You have your own entrance, your own bathroom, toilet and kitchen,  Nespresso machine.  Free WIFI is included.  Enclosed parking space available. Big screen LCD TV. Washing possible. Swimming in the harbor is hygienically safe according to the authorities. Lits-jumeaux or double bed, both possible! The apartment has its own entrance and is absolutely private, you don't have to share the entrance or the bathroom with anybody. So you can enter or leave whenever you want! Enclosed parking € 15 per 24 hours Bikes for rent for 7,","Very comfortable small studio (14 square meters) with everything you need in old docklands only 5 minutes from city centre. Safe and quiet area with lots of things to see and do, safe swimming in harbour! Separate studio with your own entrance, kitchen and bathroom. Perfect double bed! Beautiful studio in  Eastern Docklands on street level. So no stairs!!!! Architectual neighbourhood. Own entrance with bathroom, toilet and kitchen A small but quiet and light B&B in Amsterdam. Stunning neighbourhood. Modern architecture. Very nice view.  Quiet area very near the centre of town.  Public transport is nearby.  Club Panama only 5 minutes walking with fantastic Spanish restaurant Nice bars and restaurants with sun terrace on the keys round the corner.  You have your own entrance, your own bathroom, toilet and kitchen,  Nespresso machine.  Free WIFI is included.  Enclosed parking space available. Big screen LCD TV. Washing possible. Swimming in the harbor is hygienically safe according to the",The neighbourhood is quiet and safe. It has all the things you want from grocery shops to restaurants to bars and tapas bars. And still close to town with either public transport (5 minutes by tram to central station) or biking.,Public transport in all directions is 200 metres,"no smoking in the house, you can do that at the space outside. no pets please"
