"Great location. just out of busy centre streets, next to Vondelpark and walking distance to Leidseplein and Museumplein. 10 minutes to Central Station, 20 minutes to Schiphol Airport, free parking 10 minutes away by public transport. tram 1 stops 2 minutes from us! Our cosiest studio will give you the original Dutch feeling (with original balks and windows). Fully to rent space, so all the privacy you long for. Futon for 1-2 persons optional Hammock too :) kitchen fully equipped shower and toilet washing machine plus dryer! hairdryer and iron wireless internet ","Great location. just out of busy centre streets, next to Vondelpark and walking distance to Leidseplein and Museumplein. 10 minutes to Central Station, 20 minutes to Schiphol Airport, free parking 10 minutes away by public transport. tram 1 stops 2 minutes from us! Our cosiest studio will give you the original Dutch feeling (with original balks and windows). Fully to rent space, so all the privacy you long for. Futon for 1-2 persons high sleeper for 1 person or 2 kids optional Hammock too :) kitchen fully equipped shower and toilet washing machine plus dryer! wireless internet * Living atmosphere The space is balanced energetically. You can feel it when you come back from a lively day in Amsterdam. You will feel relaxed and rested when you stay in our space. We made it into this peaceful hideout of the daily rushes. Shower with Vitalized Water and feel refreshed to drink it (no use to buy mineral water bottles any more:) Make use of the yoga mat, meditation corner or take a refreshing ","Great location. just out of busy centre streets, next to Vondelpark and walking distance to Leidseplein and Museumplein. 10 minutes to Central Station, 20 minutes to Schiphol Airport, free parking 10 minutes away by public transport. tram 1 stops 2 minutes from us! Our cosiest studio will give you the original Dutch feeling (with original balks and windows). Fully to rent space, so all the privacy you long for. Futon for 1-2 persons optional Hammock too :) kitchen fully equipped shower and toilet washing machine plus dryer! hairdryer and iron wireless internet Great location. just out of busy centre streets, next to Vondelpark and walking distance to Leidseplein and Museumplein. 10 minutes to Central Station, 20 minutes to Schiphol Airport, free parking 10 minutes away by public transport. tram 1 stops 2 minutes from us! Our cosiest studio will give you the original Dutch feeling (with original balks and windows). Fully to rent space, so all the privacy you long for. Futon for 1-2 pers","Green next to vondelpark, good balance between lively and peaceful. you'll love it :) * Area Find a variety of restaurants and shops in walking distance and tram (nr. 1) stops next door to bring you directly to Leidseplein, the centre  or Central Station. Walking distance to Leidseplein with a nice stroll through Vondelpark (about 15 minutes). Of course you can always rent a bike which gives the additional Dutch feeling of getting around. Just the bit further than the regular tourist would look. more quite still lively neighbourhood if you want with restaurants and cafeterias. Shops are nearby night shop just around the corner.","2 minutes from tram nr. 1, 10 minutes from bus stop nr. 15 and others to airport (also early/late hours), 20 minutes by tram and train to airport 15 minutes to lively center (leidseplein) and 10 minutes to museum area (museumplein)","smook, meat, alcohol and fragrance free quite time after 22.30 please :)"
