This is a romantic houseboat-experience an oase of rest in the middle of the city. You will have the most beautiful view over the Amstel River - Amsterdam is the Venice of the North. The studio is very light and you wil experience living on a boat.,"AT THIS HOUSEBOAT YOU HAVE A PERFECT VIEW ON THE RIVER, IT IS VERY LIGHT AND YOU CAN EVEN FEEL THE SUN INSIDE - IT IS A OASE OF REST IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CITY When you stay at the studio of ark van Amstel, you will experience a romantic houseboat stay in an oase of rest in the centre of Amsterdam. From within you have got the most exclusive, beautiful view over the canal the Amstel since you will be floating upon the river. Amsterdam is the Venice of the North. Inside the studio there is always a lot of daylight from the outside since there are two large windows.  The studio is a part of a bigger houseboat however you will have a private entrance. Further more the studio exists out of two floors. The first floor contains a nice sitting area with a cosy couch and a small kitchen with a fridge. In the kitchen you can make coffe and tea. For the best breakfast or brunch there are 2 places across the street: Beter & Leuk at Eerste oosterparkstraat - they have the best bio & honoust product","This is a romantic houseboat-experience an oase of rest in the middle of the city. You will have the most beautiful view over the Amstel River - Amsterdam is the Venice of the North. The studio is very light and you wil experience living on a boat. AT THIS HOUSEBOAT YOU HAVE A PERFECT VIEW ON THE RIVER, IT IS VERY LIGHT AND YOU CAN EVEN FEEL THE SUN INSIDE - IT IS A OASE OF REST IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CITY When you stay at the studio of ark van Amstel, you will experience a romantic houseboat stay in an oase of rest in the centre of Amsterdam. From within you have got the most exclusive, beautiful view over the canal the Amstel since you will be floating upon the river. Amsterdam is the Venice of the North. Inside the studio there is always a lot of daylight from the outside since there are two large windows.  The studio is a part of a bigger houseboat however you will have a private entrance. Further more the studio exists out of two floors. The first floor contains a nice sitting area ","The Ark is located at the Weesperzijde one of the most special places near the Amstel which is according to many guest their favorite area of Amsterdam. This part is very popular because of its many different bars and restaurants and the nice atmosphere. Also the Weesperzijde is known for having the most sun hours a day in the city. At the other side of the Amstel there is another popular part of the city, De Pijp – like Quartier Latin in Paris. There you will also find many lovely places to eat. From the residence you are able to go on a wounderful walk alongside the Amstel where you will pass many famous places such as the Stopera, Hermitage, Carre Theatre, Amstel Hotel and finally the Amstel Tower. Also you will pass by all kinds of popular terraces like the famous and typically Amsterdam, Cafe Hesp. Finally if you would like to have some activity you will also have the opportunity to rent tennis gear or a kano.","Tram and metro are both close-by. If you arrived by plane at Schiphol, you can get a schiphol-taxi for € . Or you can take the train to Amsterdam Zuid or Central Station and from there take metro 51 to Wibautstraat. From there it is only a 5-minute walk to the houseboat. If you come by car it is better to park your car just outside the city and take a metro. Metrostation ""OverAmstel"" has a metrostation for metro 51.",
