,"This Studio apartment, on the second floor, is ideally located and perfect for 1 or 2 persons. It is located in a popular neighborhood called Oud-west, near Vondelpark. There is a daily fresh market (ten kate markt) from mon - sat. Also a foodcourt is located next to this market. This area is easily reachable by tram or on a walking distance of 10 min from the city center or Leidseplein. This place offers also a good accessibility from Schiphol airport. In this young neighborhood there are plenty of cozy bars and restaurants with a terrace on the canal side.   But of course you could easily cook something for yourself in the kitchen and have a breakfast on the balcony.  The balcony is looking over the south-west, which is lovely between 3 pm and 8pm during summer.  There is a possibility to play CD's DVD's, Radio, LP on a professional system. I requested I can provide public transport cards (OV-Chip card) for visitors and a pack full of maps and information from the neighborhood.","This Studio apartment, on the second floor, is ideally located and perfect for 1 or 2 persons. It is located in a popular neighborhood called Oud-west, near Vondelpark. There is a daily fresh market (ten kate markt) from mon - sat. Also a foodcourt is located next to this market. This area is easily reachable by tram or on a walking distance of 10 min from the city center or Leidseplein. This place offers also a good accessibility from Schiphol airport. In this young neighborhood there are plenty of cozy bars and restaurants with a terrace on the canal side.   But of course you could easily cook something for yourself in the kitchen and have a breakfast on the balcony.  The balcony is looking over the south-west, which is lovely between 3 pm and 8pm during summer.  There is a possibility to play CD's DVD's, Radio, LP on a professional system. I requested I can provide public transport cards (OV-Chip card) for visitors and a pack full of maps and information from the neighborhood.",,,"Smoking is only allowed on the balcony. Please dont throw the cigarette buds of the balcony.  BBQ on the balcony is not allowed, you can BBQ in the nearby Vondelpark."
