,"This spacious 140m2 apartment is situated n the middle of the Center of Amsterdam, on the 4th floor, with elevator. The large living room with open kitchen has two balcony's with view on the Canal. The kitchen is fully equipped: it has a microwave, two ovens, an oven for warming up plates, a gas stove, a fry-top, a quooker, a dishwasher, an espresso machine, a wine cooler, a fridge and freezer. The whole apartment has been renovated recently. The two bedrooms: one 30m2 master bedroom with a king size bed (160cm) and one smaller bedroom with a queens size bed. (140cm) There are two separate toilets and two bathrooms, one with a shower and one with a bath. The apartment is situated in the Nieuwmarkt area. 5 Minutes walk from the Underground, 5 minutes walk from the Central Station and 5 minutes walk from the shops and the Rembrandt house. There are two restaurants at  the other site of the bridge and on the next corner a cocktailbar. (half a minute walk). Although you are very Central in","This spacious 140m2 apartment is situated n the middle of the Center of Amsterdam, on the 4th floor, with elevator. The large living room with open kitchen has two balcony's with view on the Canal. The kitchen is fully equipped: it has a microwave, two ovens, an oven for warming up plates, a gas stove, a fry-top, a quooker, a dishwasher, an espresso machine, a wine cooler, a fridge and freezer. The whole apartment has been renovated recently. The two bedrooms: one 30m2 master bedroom with a king size bed (160cm) and one smaller bedroom with a queens size bed. (140cm) There are two separate toilets and two bathrooms, one with a shower and one with a bath. The apartment is situated in the Nieuwmarkt area. 5 Minutes walk from the Underground, 5 minutes walk from the Central Station and 5 minutes walk from the shops and the Rembrandt house. There are two restaurants at  the other site of the bridge and on the next corner a cocktailbar. (half a minute walk). Although you are very Central in",,,"No smoking, using drugs and pets are allowed. The owner is very allergic for dogs."
