This 2 stories penthouse in the center of Amsterdam is beautiful and luxurious. It has a roof terrace and an amazing view on the canal. Perfectly located close to the famous attractions in Amsterdam. The perfect place for couples and young families to experience Amsterdam at its best!,"This 2 stories penthouse in the center of Amsterdam is beautiful and luxurious. It has a roof terrace and an amazing view on the canal. Perfectly located close to the famous attractions in Amsterdam. The perfect place for couples and young families to experience Amsterdam at its best! This recently renovated 2 stories penthouse in the centre of Amsterdam has everything you need for a luxurious holiday!  The penthouse has all the facilities for a perfect stay: designed and spacious interior, wooden floors, large windows and high ceilings, new and fully equipped kitchen for the aspiring chefs, bathtub, rain shower and floor heating in the bathroom. On top of that there is also a private roof terrace offering a 360 degrees view of the city from the canal to the Westerkerk cathedral. The bedroom is very large and accommodates couples as well as young families comfortably. At your disposal there is also a washing machine for those of you who plan a longer stay. The penthouse is located at t","This 2 stories penthouse in the center of Amsterdam is beautiful and luxurious. It has a roof terrace and an amazing view on the canal. Perfectly located close to the famous attractions in Amsterdam. The perfect place for couples and young families to experience Amsterdam at its best! This 2 stories penthouse in the center of Amsterdam is beautiful and luxurious. It has a roof terrace and an amazing view on the canal. Perfectly located close to the famous attractions in Amsterdam. The perfect place for couples and young families to experience Amsterdam at its best! This recently renovated 2 stories penthouse in the centre of Amsterdam has everything you need for a luxurious holiday!  The penthouse has all the facilities for a perfect stay: designed and spacious interior, wooden floors, large windows and high ceilings, new and fully equipped kitchen for the aspiring chefs, bathtub, rain shower and floor heating in the bathroom. On top of that there is also a private roof terrace offerin","The penthouse is located at the edge of the trendy Jordaan quarter and 9 streets shopping heaven (voted best shopping area 2011 and 2012) and only minutes away from the known museums such as Anne Frank House, Rijks Museum and Van Gogh museum. Just around the corner you will find great cafés and restaurants and the must-visit Noordermarkt, offering a vintage market on Mondays and an organic farmer's market on Saturdays. The famous Vondel Park and Wester Park are also just a short walk away.  The perfect location allows you to enjoy everything the city has to offer, yet it is located on a very quiet canal, the perfect way to begin and end your day. If needed, the comfortable and efficient public transport will bring you literally anywhere in a matter of minutes.",Ja. ,
