"Lovely 60 square meters apartment with designer furniture and all amenities! Bright, quiet and spacious, it is located just 5 minutes away from the city centre and walking distance from the popular neighbourhood De Pijp","Bright, quiet and spacious apartment with a nice and warm oak floor. Decorated by myself with passion and attention to the details.  The apartment includes a fully-equipped kitchen with induction cooking-top and dishwasher, 40 inches 3D TV with Netflix and cable subscriptions, PS3, speed-of-light-fast internet connection, fully equipped (towels, shampoo) bathroom with shower, washing machine and dryer, king size bed In case of more than two guests, both the couch in the living room and the chair in the walk-in closet can be turned into comfy beds. Guests will simply have access to all the apartment.  I cannot guarantee lots of wardrobe space, as most of my clothes will be there.    If I am around I will welcome the guest and drop the keys. In case I won't be in Amsterdam, a friend will meet the guests and give them the keys  In the same street and on the Amstel side, plenty of bars and restaurants are available. On Eerste Oosterparkstraat Beter en Leuk is a great place to start off you","Lovely 60 square meters apartment with designer furniture and all amenities! Bright, quiet and spacious, it is located just 5 minutes away from the city centre and walking distance from the popular neighbourhood De Pijp Bright, quiet and spacious apartment with a nice and warm oak floor. Decorated by myself with passion and attention to the details.  The apartment includes a fully-equipped kitchen with induction cooking-top and dishwasher, 40 inches 3D TV with Netflix and cable subscriptions, PS3, speed-of-light-fast internet connection, fully equipped (towels, shampoo) bathroom with shower, washing machine and dryer, king size bed In case of more than two guests, both the couch in the living room and the chair in the walk-in closet can be turned into comfy beds. Guests will simply have access to all the apartment.  I cannot guarantee lots of wardrobe space, as most of my clothes will be there.    If I am around I will welcome the guest and drop the keys. In case I won't be in Amsterda","In the same street and on the Amstel side, plenty of bars and restaurants are available. On Eerste Oosterparkstraat Beter en Leuk is a great place to start off your day with a super healthy breakfast.  On Ruyschstraat, Mangiassai serves the best pizzas in town. Hartog's Botherham in Wibautstraat is one of the most famous bakeries in the area.  Walking distance from Albertcuypstraat and De Pijp a lovely neighbour with even more bars and restaurants.",Wibautstraat metro stop is 300 m away from the apartment. Trams 9 and 16 also stop nearby.,A hard copy of the house rules will be provided
