"This sunny and spacious appartment is superbly located in The Pijp, Amsterdam's coolest neighbourhood. Great to just hang out and relax as well as being in short walking distance from all the big museums (van Gogh, Rijks Museum, Stedelijk) and city centre.","Sunny, spacious and stylish, in a quiet, no-drive-thru street, with bedrooms overlooking gardens.  The lovely Sarphatipark, the Albert Cuyp market and Amstel river are around the corner. The apartment has everything you need to make you feel comfortable and at home.","This sunny and spacious appartment is superbly located in The Pijp, Amsterdam's coolest neighbourhood. Great to just hang out and relax as well as being in short walking distance from all the big museums (van Gogh, Rijks Museum, Stedelijk) and city centre. Sunny, spacious and stylish, in a quiet, no-drive-thru street, with bedrooms overlooking gardens.  The lovely Sarphatipark, the Albert Cuyp market and Amstel river are around the corner. The apartment has everything you need to make you feel comfortable and at home. You will have acces to internet/wifi, TV, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, a microwave and grill oven, kitchen equipment, a nespresso machine, iron & iron board, etc. You can call me if there's anything you need or have questions. The Pijp has recently become Amsterdam's coolest neighbourhood. With hip little shops and great affordable eateries. There's the lovely Sarphatipark, just around the corner of the apt. and of course the Albert Cuypmarket. The big museums, ","The Pijp has recently become Amsterdam's coolest neighbourhood. With hip little shops and great affordable eateries. There's the lovely Sarphatipark, just around the corner of the apt. and of course the Albert Cuypmarket. The big museums, city centre and Amstel river ar all in (short) walking distance. The lovely more high end Utrechtsestraat, with the shopping opportunities is 10 mins away, on your way to the Rembrandtplein.","Tram 4 takes to straight to the centre. Tram 3 takes you straight to The Rijks Museum, Stedelijk Musuem and van Gogh. Both trams around the corner of the appartment. When arriving take tram 4 from central station, or 12 from Amstel station. Exit: Ceintuurbaan.",I am very fond of my appartment so I trust you to be careful with it as you would be with the things you yourself appreciate. No smoking.
