"Our recently renovated cozy apartment is centrally located in a quiet street in the buzzing 'De Pijp' neighbourhood. With three rooms (2 bedrooms) and a fantastic roof terrace, this a little quiet gem in the city. Walk to all the cities' highlights!","- Recently renovated - very fresh and stylish apartment in a recent renovated building. - Fantastic 30m2 private terrace - absolute gem in spring & summer! - Master Bedroom with comfortable king size bed (160 cm) and 2 big windows facing the terrace. - A smaller second bedroom with a queen size bed (140 cm). - A seperate living Room with dining table and tv-corner - Fully equiped kitchen incl. dishwasher, Nesspresso coffee machine and washing machine .  - located on a quiet part of the street yet in the middle of a trendy neighbourhood.","Our recently renovated cozy apartment is centrally located in a quiet street in the buzzing 'De Pijp' neighbourhood. With three rooms (2 bedrooms) and a fantastic roof terrace, this a little quiet gem in the city. Walk to all the cities' highlights! - Recently renovated - very fresh and stylish apartment in a recent renovated building. - Fantastic 30m2 private terrace - absolute gem in spring & summer! - Master Bedroom with comfortable king size bed (160 cm) and 2 big windows facing the terrace. - A smaller second bedroom with a queen size bed (140 cm). - A seperate living Room with dining table and tv-corner - Fully equiped kitchen incl. dishwasher, Nesspresso coffee machine and washing machine .  - located on a quiet part of the street yet in the middle of a trendy neighbourhood. You have access to the full apartment & private terrace. You will have the full apartment for yourselves. Depending on when you arrive, we will welcome you personally or you will be able to pick the keys up ","De Pijp is Amsterdam's most trendy neighbourhood with a loads of concept stores and shopping opportunities, a vibrant nightlife and the famous Albert Cuyp Market. Around the corner you'll find the Heineken Experience and it is a short walk to the Rijksmuseum. It's even easy to walk down or take the tram to the city center (dam square)","Tram 4 connects you directly with central station (12 min), the city center & RAI congress center (15 min). Hop off at stop 'Stadhouderskade'.",- NO smoking - NO pets - NO parties  - Please be QUIET after 10PM (please respect the neighbors) - Maximum 4 persons (we can accommodate a baby if needed)
