"A stylish and comfortable houseboat in the city center,7 min. walk from Central Station and 10 min. to Dam Square; located in a nice and quiet canal. It's a modern, fully equipped place with character (70m2), ideal for an individual or a couple! About the owners: we are a couple in our mid thirties and have lived at this place for 10 years. With a background in architecture we've refurbished the complete boat a few years ago. We recently moved out and we rent out the boat now and then.","The boat is 28,5m long and very spacious. Everything you need to have a pleasant stay is there; a sleeping room with open bathroom with a shower and a bath tub; toilet, oven, microwave, full automatic espresso machine and a quooker / boiling water tap, flatscreen tv and a woodstove for winter; of course we have central heating as well). Our cat Rafels that you see on some of the pictures is not included!","A stylish and comfortable houseboat in the city center,7 min. walk from Central Station and 10 min. to Dam Square; located in a nice and quiet canal. It's a modern, fully equipped place with character (70m2), ideal for an individual or a couple! About the owners: we are a couple in our mid thirties and have lived at this place for 10 years. With a background in architecture we've refurbished the complete boat a few years ago. We recently moved out and we rent out the boat now and then. The boat is 28,5m long and very spacious. Everything you need to have a pleasant stay is there; a sleeping room with open bathroom with a shower and a bath tub; toilet, oven, microwave, full automatic espresso machine and a quooker / boiling water tap, flatscreen tv and a woodstove for winter; of course we have central heating as well). Our cat Rafels that you see on some of the pictures is not included! Our guests will have the whole boat for themselves. Arrival time is 14.00u and check out 11.00u. Chan",The boat is located a 7 min. walk from Amsterdam Central Station what is perfect if you arrive by train or come from the airport / Schiphol. The 'Nieuwmarkt' area is a lovely neighbourhead; our street / canal is quiet and authentic. 5 min. away you'll find the Nieuwmarkt square which has a supermarket and nice cafe's and restaurants. On saturday there is a organic farmers market with local food and flowers. The best way to explore Amsterdam is to rent a bike but of course the trams and tube from Central Station will take you everywhere as well.,,
