"Very spacious and light! Apartment with a private rooftop terras, ascending the living room on the top flour: unique for Amsterdam. The top flour has a fully equipped kitchen, a family table seats 9 and a comfy sofa. The third flour has 3 bedrooms. A master bedroom with a huge double bed and a 'library'-ensuite. The other 2 bedrooms are also very spacious with French doors to a balcony and can be used for children (baby beds available) or adults (air bed).","THE apartment: It's located on the 3rd & 4th floor, measures 106 square meters. The beautiful thing about the apartment is that it still shows authentic details from the 1930's. You've got your own private balcony and spacious private rooftop terrace:).  Also included: - Comfy private sleeping room, with XXL double bed - Nice bathroom with large walk-in rain shower and private bath and sink (towels are available, so you can leave these at home)  - Complete luxurious kitchen with everything you'll need  - Lounge dining/living room, located next to the rooftop terrace - WiFi Internet access  - Large wide Television - General: the building was built in 1930. We bought the apartment in 2012 and had it fully renovated to modern standards. THE location: This lovely apartment is located in a desired neighborhood, surrounded by restaurants, cafes, small shops, supermarket and much more! When in the appartment you won't notice it's in the city as it's quiet and peacefull. This is a complete apa","Very spacious and light! Apartment with a private rooftop terras, ascending the living room on the top flour: unique for Amsterdam. The top flour has a fully equipped kitchen, a family table seats 9 and a comfy sofa. The third flour has 3 bedrooms. A master bedroom with a huge double bed and a 'library'-ensuite. The other 2 bedrooms are also very spacious with French doors to a balcony and can be used for children (baby beds available) or adults (air bed). THE apartment: It's located on the 3rd & 4th floor, measures 106 square meters. The beautiful thing about the apartment is that it still shows authentic details from the 1930's. You've got your own private balcony and spacious private rooftop terrace:).  Also included: - Comfy private sleeping room, with XXL double bed - Nice bathroom with large walk-in rain shower and private bath and sink (towels are available, so you can leave these at home)  - Complete luxurious kitchen with everything you'll need  - Lounge dining/living room, lo",,,- Have respect for our neighbors - Do not smoke in the house - You are free to use the fridge/kitchen for breakfast and cooking. etc. Leave the kitchen reasonably clean and tidy when your done. - Check in/out time: in concert
