"Fully furnished and very spacious apartment in renovated classic building of 1910. Livingroom with high ceilings and fireplace. The wooden floors, the nice furniture and art make it very special.","Renovated apartment located in the popular Oud Zuid area of Amsterdam. Fully furnished and very spacious. Livingroom is bright because of the high ceilings and the big windows at the sunny side of the apartment. The wooden floors, the nice furniture, the art at the walls and the cosy fire place makes it very special to relax in! New build kichen with dishwasher , big stove and cookerhood, fridge and freezer. Entrance to the cosy balcony through double doors. At the back side you'll find the masterbedroom, double bed and with build in closets plus the entrance to the modern renovated bathroom with a bath! You can also enter the balcony through the bathroom. In the hall is a seperate toilet. A perfect place to stay! ","Fully furnished and very spacious apartment in renovated classic building of 1910. Livingroom with high ceilings and fireplace. The wooden floors, the nice furniture and art make it very special. Renovated apartment located in the popular Oud Zuid area of Amsterdam. Fully furnished and very spacious. Livingroom is bright because of the high ceilings and the big windows at the sunny side of the apartment. The wooden floors, the nice furniture, the art at the walls and the cosy fire place makes it very special to relax in! New build kichen with dishwasher , big stove and cookerhood, fridge and freezer. Entrance to the cosy balcony through double doors. At the back side you'll find the masterbedroom, double bed and with build in closets plus the entrance to the modern renovated bathroom with a bath! You can also enter the balcony through the bathroom. In the hall is a seperate toilet. A perfect place to stay! Apartment is on the 2nd floor and no elevator. Suitable for 2 people. Your host ",The area Oud Zuid is a very relaxed quiet area. Little restaurants and bars around and fantastic shopping in the Cornelis Schuyt street for designers clothing and deli organic food. The Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh museum are around the corner. One block away is the Vondelpark for your jogging in the morning.,With tram 2 or 5 in 10 minutes to the city centre and Leidseplein is 10 min walk. From Schiphol airport a 10 min train ride to station Amsterdam Zuid and with tram 5 in 10 minutes at the apartment,"The place is suitable for people who like to discover the culture of Amsterdam and like a quiet environment.  So no party people, no kids and no animals. No smoking !"
