,"Just added to airbnb! We will do our best to make your stay in our nice and bright ground floor apartment very comfortable.  Located in a quite street, close to some of the most beautiful areas of Amsterdam, Old West and the 'Jordaan'. This upcoming neighborhood called 'the Baarsjes' offers cultural diversity with ample choice of cozy ethnic restaurants.  The apartment  The recently renovated apartment is about 70 square meters and has a spacious bedroom and large livingroom with open kitchen and entrance to the beautiful garden. Modern toilet and shower. The apartment is equiped with - private entrance! So you can come in and out whenever you wish - king size bed - bedding for king size bed - private shower - free clean towels - shower gel & shampoo  - kitchen with microwave, dishwasher, oven and fridge - Washing machine - Dryer - Sunny beautiful garden  - Wooden floors - WIFI Internet and TV  - Large dining table, also very convenient for working - free baby cot is available upon req","Just added to airbnb! We will do our best to make your stay in our nice and bright ground floor apartment very comfortable.  Located in a quite street, close to some of the most beautiful areas of Amsterdam, Old West and the 'Jordaan'. This upcoming neighborhood called 'the Baarsjes' offers cultural diversity with ample choice of cozy ethnic restaurants.  The apartment  The recently renovated apartment is about 70 square meters and has a spacious bedroom and large livingroom with open kitchen and entrance to the beautiful garden. Modern toilet and shower. The apartment is equiped with - private entrance! So you can come in and out whenever you wish - king size bed - bedding for king size bed - private shower - free clean towels - shower gel & shampoo  - kitchen with microwave, dishwasher, oven and fridge - Washing machine - Dryer - Sunny beautiful garden  - Wooden floors - WIFI Internet and TV  - Large dining table, also very convenient for working - free baby cot is available upon req",,,
