"A stylish apartment located in the heart of Amsterdam, close to the famous Nieuwmarkt and Red Light District. Sleep in a tipical old style Amsterdam house in a tranquil little street and enjoy the best Amsterdam has to offer right at your doorstep.","Located in the oldest part of the center of Amsterdam, this new studio is built in a completely renovated old building in the style of a New York loft. There’s an outdoor terrace where you can relax and enjoy your breakfast or have a smoke. It’s ideal for a romantic get-together or just with friends. The space is limited to two persons. The studio is surrounded by the hotspots of downtown Amsterdam, though located in a peaceful and romantic street right between two beautiful canals. Just around the corner there are numerous bars, restaurants and shops. All of the main attractions are within walking distance from here, including many museums, Dam Square, the Anne Frank house, the Royal Palace, the Red Light District and much more.","A stylish apartment located in the heart of Amsterdam, close to the famous Nieuwmarkt and Red Light District. Sleep in a tipical old style Amsterdam house in a tranquil little street and enjoy the best Amsterdam has to offer right at your doorstep. Located in the oldest part of the center of Amsterdam, this new studio is built in a completely renovated old building in the style of a New York loft. There’s an outdoor terrace where you can relax and enjoy your breakfast or have a smoke. It’s ideal for a romantic get-together or just with friends. The space is limited to two persons. The studio is surrounded by the hotspots of downtown Amsterdam, though located in a peaceful and romantic street right between two beautiful canals. Just around the corner there are numerous bars, restaurants and shops. All of the main attractions are within walking distance from here, including many museums, Dam Square, the Anne Frank house, the Royal Palace, the Red Light District and much more. You will ge","The studio is surrounded by the hotspots of downtown Amsterdam, though located in a peaceful and romantic street right between two beautiful canals. Just around the corner there are numerous bars, restaurants and shops.  All of the main attractions are within walking distance from here, including many museums, Dam Square, the Anne Frank house, the Royal Palace, the Red Light District and much more.","Central station is a 10 minute walk away. From this main station of Amsterdam you can take trams, subways, buses and trains to almost anywhere in Amsterdam and the Netherlands.","No smoking (sigarets or marijuana) inside; the patio is available for smoking. Please don't throw your buds on the floor, throw them in the trash. No pets. No extra guests. Only the persons who reservated through Airbnb are aloud inside, maximum of two. Bed linen and towels are provided."
