"You will feel at home in our cosy and stylish apartment! Very comfortable for a nice citytrip for families and couples. In walkingdistance you'll find lots of shops, bars and restaurants. With tram or bike the hart of the center is within 15 minutes.","FEELS LIKE COMING HOME! That’s what you'll experience when you stay in this fully equipped, modern and cosy apartment, located within a convenient distance from the center of Amsterdam. The apartment is well suited for one or two couples or a family with 1, 2 or 3 kids. The apartment is situated on the first, second and top floor and has an private entrance on the ground floor. On the first floor is the kitchen and living room. On the second floor there are two childrens bedrooms (one with a bunk bed and one with childsbed) and the bathroom. On the top floor there is the masterbedroom with a sunny roof terrace in the front and back. It's situated in a small quiet street in an old, popular and beautiful neighborhood called “Watergraafsmeer” in the east of Amsterdam. The atmosphere of the neighborhood is very friendly. In the immediate surroundings you’ll find a variety of shops, cafes, restaurants and parks. Two of the top restaurants of the city “Lavallade”  and “De Kas” are located wi","You will feel at home in our cosy and stylish apartment! Very comfortable for a nice citytrip for families and couples. In walkingdistance you'll find lots of shops, bars and restaurants. With tram or bike the hart of the center is within 15 minutes. FEELS LIKE COMING HOME! That’s what you'll experience when you stay in this fully equipped, modern and cosy apartment, located within a convenient distance from the center of Amsterdam. The apartment is well suited for one or two couples or a family with 1, 2 or 3 kids. The apartment is situated on the first, second and top floor and has an private entrance on the ground floor. On the first floor is the kitchen and living room. On the second floor there are two childrens bedrooms (one with a bunk bed and one with childsbed) and the bathroom. On the top floor there is the masterbedroom with a sunny roof terrace in the front and back. It's situated in a small quiet street in an old, popular and beautiful neighborhood called “Watergraafsmeer”",It is a beautiful neighborhood with rich architecture and a nice mix of dwellings and people. We feel priviliged to have our home on this neighborhood.,Amsterdam is best to be explored by bike. Closeby there are several bikerals. You'll find them on our travelguide. Otherwise the tram stops within few minutes walk and takes you direct to the centre.,"Feel at home ! We have no house rules barring non- smoking . We want you to enjoy the house in the same way as your own beloved home . For your convenience instructions for use of equipment, roofterrace,  etc. are bundled in manual. This you will find on the kitchen table at your arrival."
