"Fully renewed 19th century large apartment with garden. A special atmosphere, it is homey and yet luxurious. The ground floor apartment in this vibrant area is perfectly located; a very quiet street close to the best hotspots; a 5 min walk to the Museum Square, 10 min to The Pijp, 15 min to Vondelpark. Around the corner many nice breakfast places, upscale boutiques, cafes and good restaurants. ♡  A warm stay for couples, family w 3 kids and business people (good wifi and workspace). Welcome!","The house is recently rebuilt, under architecture. The interior decoration is stylish, modern and cosy. We live here with three; Roos (13), Lola (9) and myself (age-free, of course). We love our new home, we hope you do to.  ♡  You enter our home straight into the kitchen, it is the center of our home.  The kitchen is fully equipped, with a combi microwave, an oven, large fridge, dishwasher and a Quooker. The dinner table can seat a comfortable 6.  ♡  The sitting room is cosy and comfortable, with big LED screen, digital piano, Bose bluetooth Sound Dock and a desk.  ♡  There is WiFi, of course everywhere, also in the garden.  The doors in the living room bring you outside to the covered porch and terrace. A few steps lead you into the south situated garden.  The bedrooms are peacefully downstairs, no sounds from the building and in those hot summer days comfortably cool.  In the shower there is room for two: there is 1 rain shower with handheld, and 1 wall shower.  The second toilet is","Fully renewed 19th century large apartment with garden. A special atmosphere, it is homey and yet luxurious. The ground floor apartment in this vibrant area is perfectly located; a very quiet street close to the best hotspots; a 5 min walk to the Museum Square, 10 min to The Pijp, 15 min to Vondelpark. Around the corner many nice breakfast places, upscale boutiques, cafes and good restaurants. ♡  A warm stay for couples, family w 3 kids and business people (good wifi and workspace). Welcome! The house is recently rebuilt, under architecture. The interior decoration is stylish, modern and cosy. We live here with three; Roos (13), Lola (9) and myself (age-free, of course). We love our new home, we hope you do to.  ♡  You enter our home straight into the kitchen, it is the center of our home.  The kitchen is fully equipped, with a combi microwave, an oven, large fridge, dishwasher and a Quooker. The dinner table can seat a comfortable 6.  ♡  The sitting room is cosy and comfortable, with ","Our neighborhood is unique. It has best of both worlds; It is quiet here, a small one direction street where people still know and great each other. Yet it is extremely close (on foot in max 10 minutes) to the Concert Hall, Van Gogh, Stedelijk (modern art), Rijksmuseum, Moco, luxury shopping area and even the Vondelpark is within walking distance. The Leidseplein is a 20 minute walk. De Pijp, with many restaurants, cafes and the Albert Cuyp market, is a 10 minute walk.  ♡  Within a 2 minute walk several bakery's, a real nice coffee- and breakfast place, mini-market, beauty salons, boutiques, a large sunny terrace, and restaurants are around the corner.  Enjoy this as much as we do, every single day. ♡  Relax at the Vondelpark and at the Museumplein. The Vondelpark is close by, 15 min walk. It is good for a nice picnic, there are three terraces where you can have lunch, a large playground with terrace and a small playground with a pine bath and sunbathing lawn. At the Museumplein (5 min","Public transport is closeby. Buses you will find at Museumplein (5 minute walk), including the Schiphol bus. Trams are around the corner. They take you -with no stopovers- to Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein, Albert Cuyp, Jordaan and Central Station.",- No (soft)drugs in and around the house - No loud music. - Respect our home and our neighbors; no noise after 22:00 hrs. - No parties or unregistered guests.
