,"Welcome to a centrally located and quiet apartment very close to the famous Vondelpark and not far from the entertainment area ""Leidseplein"" (about 15 mintures on foot.) And than stay in a listed monument! Giving you the feeling of an Amsterdam home and the comfort of a hotel! The apartment can accommodate up to 4 adults (or two adults and up to four children): suitable for tourists, families and also for business travelers! Four individual beds, or one large bed and two sofa beds. Any combination is possible. The apartment has been totally renovated with double glass noise-insulating  windows at both sides.  There is a small balcony with a view on the lively Overtoom. The spacious and light living room has two large sofa's that can be converted into two beds. Meanwhile enjoy a large flat-screen television with home cinema surround system: watch cable television or play a DVD. You will find a range of guide books (in English, French and in German), maps, photo books, information DVD an","Welcome to a centrally located and quiet apartment very close to the famous Vondelpark and not far from the entertainment area ""Leidseplein"" (about 15 mintures on foot.) And than stay in a listed monument! Giving you the feeling of an Amsterdam home and the comfort of a hotel! The apartment can accommodate up to 4 adults (or two adults and up to four children): suitable for tourists, families and also for business travelers! Four individual beds, or one large bed and two sofa beds. Any combination is possible. The apartment has been totally renovated with double glass noise-insulating  windows at both sides.  There is a small balcony with a view on the lively Overtoom. The spacious and light living room has two large sofa's that can be converted into two beds. Meanwhile enjoy a large flat-screen television with home cinema surround system: watch cable television or play a DVD. You will find a range of guide books (in English, French and in German), maps, photo books, information DVD an",,,absolutely no smoking in the apartment please
