"Our house is in the Jordaan, in the old centre of Amsterdam. A quiet, beautiful and friendly neighborhood near the Unesco heritage canals and all the must-sees in Amsterdam. It is stylishly decorated and comfortable with many original details.","Our place is in the center of the Jordaan and is large for local standards. The house dates from the 1920's, has much character, and is a very agreeable place to stay. Where we live it is relatively quiet, and when you're inside it is difficult to image that all the hotspots of Amsterdam are only 5-10 minutes away.","Our house is in the Jordaan, in the old centre of Amsterdam. A quiet, beautiful and friendly neighborhood near the Unesco heritage canals and all the must-sees in Amsterdam. It is stylishly decorated and comfortable with many original details. Our place is in the center of the Jordaan and is large for local standards. The house dates from the 1920's, has much character, and is a very agreeable place to stay. Where we live it is relatively quiet, and when you're inside it is difficult to image that all the hotspots of Amsterdam are only 5-10 minutes away. There are 3 bedrooms: 1 master bedroom (double bed) 2 bedrooms (bunk beds) Depending when you are coming, we will receive you by ourselves or by friends/neighbours. There is a Saturday (biological) market and Monday market around the corner. 2 supermarkets at 5 minutes walking. Many nice restaurants and cafe's. Our house is a 10 minute walk from Central Station, and 5 minutes to a bus and tram stop. You can also take a taxi from CS (ar",There is a Saturday (biological) market and Monday market around the corner. 2 supermarkets at 5 minutes walking. Many nice restaurants and cafe's.,"Our house is a 10 minute walk from Central Station, and 5 minutes to a bus and tram stop. You can also take a taxi from CS (around 10 euro). From Central Station a train leaves for Schiphol airport every 15 minutes.The best way to park your car is at Station Sloterdijk (8,-EUR per 24 hours).",-
