,"SunBird is a sunny apartment situated on the second floor in a quiet street in Amsterdam Centre.  The apartment consists of a living room, kitchen, separate bedroom, hall and a bathroom with bath and shower.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a oven, fridge, toaster, juice maker, kitchen machine, dishwasher and with basic foods such as olive oil, sugar, salt, spices, coffee, tea and of course some fine Dutch cheese.  Bed linen, bath towels and bathrobes are waiting for you to be used, the washing machine too.  Wifi of course and free bikes!!  The apartment is decorated in a style the Dutch call 'gezellig'. Cosy is the nearest English equivalent, but does not convey the full meaning of 'gezellig': a mixture of comfortable, warm, welcoming, pleasant, familiar, informal and you get what 'gezellig' means. Consequently no modern design, no empty walls, but a colorful home with stylish furniture is what you can expect.  For your daily food needs (also attractive clothes boutiques), the famo","SunBird is a sunny apartment situated on the second floor in a quiet street in Amsterdam Centre.  The apartment consists of a living room, kitchen, separate bedroom, hall and a bathroom with bath and shower.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a oven, fridge, toaster, juice maker, kitchen machine, dishwasher and with basic foods such as olive oil, sugar, salt, spices, coffee, tea and of course some fine Dutch cheese.  Bed linen, bath towels and bathrobes are waiting for you to be used, the washing machine too.  Wifi of course and free bikes!!  The apartment is decorated in a style the Dutch call 'gezellig'. Cosy is the nearest English equivalent, but does not convey the full meaning of 'gezellig': a mixture of comfortable, warm, welcoming, pleasant, familiar, informal and you get what 'gezellig' means. Consequently no modern design, no empty walls, but a colorful home with stylish furniture is what you can expect.  For your daily food needs (also attractive clothes boutiques), the famo",,,"Most important rules are respect and enjoy: respect the apartment, respect the neighbours and enjoy your holidays.  And call us when you need help."
