"From August 8th until the 28th, I will be away on holiday and my house is available to rent for a catlover.  My appartment is not far from city centre, in an up-and-coming neighbourhood, has large windows, 2 balconies and is suitable for a single person or a couple.  I don't ask much in terms of money, but do hope you will love and feed my cat!","A sunny and flowery appartment in Amsterdam, 15 minutes cycling to the city centre.  All comforts are here: internet, 2 balconies with morning and evening sun. The neighbourhood is 'up and coming' and therefore nicknamed 'Bolo' (true name is Bos and Lommer). There are several buses and trams around, a park, supermarkets and a market. Also new restaurants are popping up everywhere in a 15 minutes walk radius.  It has 2 bedrooms, one with a large double bed. The other one has a highsleeper for my daughter, but one adult can also easily fit.  Oh yeah, the bathroom is tiny, but has everything it needs.  You'll like it!","From August 8th until the 28th, I will be away on holiday and my house is available to rent for a catlover.  My appartment is not far from city centre, in an up-and-coming neighbourhood, has large windows, 2 balconies and is suitable for a single person or a couple.  I don't ask much in terms of money, but do hope you will love and feed my cat! A sunny and flowery appartment in Amsterdam, 15 minutes cycling to the city centre.  All comforts are here: internet, 2 balconies with morning and evening sun. The neighbourhood is 'up and coming' and therefore nicknamed 'Bolo' (true name is Bos and Lommer). There are several buses and trams around, a park, supermarkets and a market. Also new restaurants are popping up everywhere in a 15 minutes walk radius.  It has 2 bedrooms, one with a large double bed. The other one has a highsleeper for my daughter, but one adult can also easily fit.  Oh yeah, the bathroom is tiny, but has everything it needs.  You'll like it! I'll be abroad. I'm just hopin",(Website hidden by Airbnb),It's 15 minutes cycling to the city centre. But there's also trams and buses and it's only a few stops to trainstation Sloterdijk.,You'd have to look after the cat. And water the plants please.
