"Great studio apartment on the top floor with a wonderful roof-top terrace in a nice and quiet area of Amsterdam city centre. Single room apartment with corner kitchen with all appliances, a  wide double sized couch bed and a Big flat TV screen. You will be sharing the apartment with our two Cats: Bibi and KoesKoes!!!","We are happy to rent our wonderful, well located apartment when we are on holidays. Due to the building and sound insulation, we expect to have quiet and relaxed guests that will not disturb our neighbors. The apartment is situated on the 4th and last floor of a monumental building in the eastern part of the Amsterdam city centre. The area available to the guest is the main living area, with corner kitchen and a big comfortable double sized couchbed. Bed sheets, duvet, and towels are available in the apartment. The living room is situated at the entrance with an open kitchen. The kitchen has a fridge/freezer, oven/microwave and a dish washer, and the living room has a L-shape couch bed, a LED-TV and includes high speed internet/WiFi. The bathroom has a bathtub/shower, sink and a washing/drying machine. From the living room you can reach the large terrace using the staircase, but please stay in the part of the terrace which is above our apartment without trespassing on to the neighbors ","Great studio apartment on the top floor with a wonderful roof-top terrace in a nice and quiet area of Amsterdam city centre. Single room apartment with corner kitchen with all appliances, a  wide double sized couch bed and a Big flat TV screen. You will be sharing the apartment with our two Cats: Bibi and KoesKoes!!! We are happy to rent our wonderful, well located apartment when we are on holidays. Due to the building and sound insulation, we expect to have quiet and relaxed guests that will not disturb our neighbors. The apartment is situated on the 4th and last floor of a monumental building in the eastern part of the Amsterdam city centre. The area available to the guest is the main living area, with corner kitchen and a big comfortable double sized couchbed. Bed sheets, duvet, and towels are available in the apartment. The living room is situated at the entrance with an open kitchen. The kitchen has a fridge/freezer, oven/microwave and a dish washer, and the living room has a L-sh","The apartment is nicely situated in a quiet area of the city centre surrounded by the zoo, botanic garden, restaurants, the market of Waterlooplein, museums as well as ten minutes from the dam square, Red light district, Leidseplein and Rembrandsplein's nightlife.","Most of our guest comes by train from Schipol airport. this will take only 15 minutes, and immediately you will be in the city center. From there it only takes other 5 minutes by metro to reach our street (Roetersstraat), and only with 2 minutes walking you are at our door step. Our apartment can also be reached by tram, and the number 14 and 9 can be taken directly from Dam square and central station respectively, otherwise also tram 7 and 10 stop nearby, and connect the apartment to the nightlife of the city, i.e leidseplein, and the museum area. If you come by car, I suggest you leave it at one of the P&R around the city. they are cheap and sometimes they include free transportation to the center. Parking price is very expensive in the city, and unfortunately we do not have a free permit for our guests.","House Rules: 1- Amsterdam does not have very good sound insulation in the houses so please do not disturb the neighbours, paying extra attention also once going up/downstairs the apartment.  2- Please take your shoes off as you enter the apartment.  3- Smoking is not alowed. If you smoke, please do it on the terrace.  4- Check in (6:00 pm) and Check out (11:00 am) are strict, although arrangements must be made few days before arrival for a more flexible solution. If you are going to be late, please call us immediately in order to avoid problems with scheduling.  5- The trash/garbage must be left downstairs on the street on Tuesday night and Friday night. IF that is not possible, then when you leave the appartment tsake it with you and dispose of it in the closest trash bin. 6- Treat the apartment as your own, and leave it as you found it - although the cleaning fees are included in the rental price, this does not mean that you can leave the apartment in disorder and dirty, which may ne"
