"Beautiful spacious apartment, modern and warm with wide views over a canal. Close to all city attractions, by foot, but also by metro or tram, that you can find on your doorstep. Lovely green neighbourhood, the best most say.","This beautiful very spacious one bedroom apartment is situated near the crossing of subway and tram, close to all amenities and attractions (approx. 5 to 10 minutes walk). The neighbourhood is surprisingly peaceful and green.  The availability of Internet and computer, cable TV and all modern amenities in the kitchen and bathroom such as dish washer, washing machine and dryer garantees a pleasant stay for both the business traveler and the culinary cooking freak. The canal views. the covered terrace and the beautiful wide street in front of the apartment makes you enjoy Amsterdam from the moment you are looking outside.  All rooms in the house are very spacious and furnished in an elegant, modern style with the warm accents of wood furnishings and tropical hardwood flooring. The apartment has very high ceilings which gives you the charm of old canalhouses. Warm and cosy during winter time and pleasantly cool in the summer because of the beautiful trees. The triple glazing also keeps th","Beautiful spacious apartment, modern and warm with wide views over a canal. Close to all city attractions, by foot, but also by metro or tram, that you can find on your doorstep. Lovely green neighbourhood, the best most say. This beautiful very spacious one bedroom apartment is situated near the crossing of subway and tram, close to all amenities and attractions (approx. 5 to 10 minutes walk). The neighbourhood is surprisingly peaceful and green.  The availability of Internet and computer, cable TV and all modern amenities in the kitchen and bathroom such as dish washer, washing machine and dryer garantees a pleasant stay for both the business traveler and the culinary cooking freak. The canal views. the covered terrace and the beautiful wide street in front of the apartment makes you enjoy Amsterdam from the moment you are looking outside.  All rooms in the house are very spacious and furnished in an elegant, modern style with the warm accents of wood furnishings and tropical hardwoo","The neighbourhood is surprisingly peaceful and green. But at the same time it is in the centre, so close to all amenities and attractions (approx. 5 to 10 minutes walk). The university is at a 5 minutes walk where you can find all types of affordable cosy restaurants and bars (Roeterstraat) which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Within walking distance from the apartment lie the Hortus Botanicus, the Zoo Artis with its beautiful restaurant from were you can spot the pelicans and flamingos. Walking disctance to the Jewish Historical Museum, the Amsterdam Hermitage Museum, the Rembrandt House, the National Maritime Museum, the Opera, the Red Light District, and many more.","Everything is at your doorstep. Tram and metro, just 3 stops from Central Station with direct 15-minutes train to Schiphol Airport. And a 10 minutes walk or one or two stops with the metro brings you in the very hart of town. You can park quite easily and almost at the door but this really is too expensive.",Normal wear and tear is expected. Smoking is allowed outside on the balcony. No pets are allowed.
