"My 60M2 apartment in the lively ""Pijp"" area is really a joy to stay in. It has a stylish interior, TWO double beds. On the picture there is an old 1P bed. This is now a double bed. The apartment has a large balcony on the South, a small balcony on the North for the evening sun, two TV's, Sonos, Quooker, etc. The grocery store is a 100m walk and the neighborbood is known for its safety, fancy bars, Albert Cuyp Market and restaurants. The convention centre RAI is 10 minutes walking distance.","Its spacious, light, has everything you need. Whether you want to watch Netflix on both TV's or want to relax at the balcony situated on the South-side, grab a drink at a fancy or cute place around the corner - it's all possible with this apartment.","My 60M2 apartment in the lively ""Pijp"" area is really a joy to stay in. It has a stylish interior, TWO double beds. On the picture there is an old 1P bed. This is now a double bed. The apartment has a large balcony on the South, a small balcony on the North for the evening sun, two TV's, Sonos, Quooker, etc. The grocery store is a 100m walk and the neighborbood is known for its safety, fancy bars, Albert Cuyp Market and restaurants. The convention centre RAI is 10 minutes walking distance. Its spacious, light, has everything you need. Whether you want to watch Netflix on both TV's or want to relax at the balcony situated on the South-side, grab a drink at a fancy or cute place around the corner - it's all possible with this apartment. Bathroom, two balconies,  a fridge, dishwasher, oven, microwave and all the things you need to cook, bake, etc. Nespresso machine, two TV's with USB and 1 with cable, PS4, Netflix. I will welcome you to my place, but I will not be around during your stay.","The area is known for its many bars and restaurants. However, the street itself is beautiful and calm. The big grocery store ""Albert Heijn"" is a 100m walk.",150 meter walk to the nearest tram/bus station.,Please only smoke on the balconies. Not inside the house.
