"Elegant 3 storey house in a central, quiet and safe Amsterdam area.  Unique qualities: a big sunny terrace and free parking space! Swimming water in front of the door! Very safe and child- friendly area. Ideal for families.","A three storey family house in Amsterdam. It has a very spacious, loft-like living room with open kitchen and doors to a sunny terrace, with lots of flowers and two lounging sofa's.  On the ground floor there's a bathroom with a bath tub, a big bedroom and a little garden. On the first floor is the other bathroom, with a shower, and another bedroom. The master bedroom is next to the living room, overlooking the terrace on the second floor. The house is clean, well kept, luxurious but simple. We have installed screen doors against mosquitos in the master bedroom and the living room.(2016) Dam square, museums, concert building, all within a 15 minute bike ride.  No smoking inside the house! The neighbourhood is called Oostelijk Havengebied, which means Eastern Harbour Area. It is built 15 years ago and it's a family friendly area, with lost of green (grass) and blue (water). You can swim in the water in front of the house, it's a very safe, children friendly neighbourhood with lots of pl","Elegant 3 storey house in a central, quiet and safe Amsterdam area.  Unique qualities: a big sunny terrace and free parking space! Swimming water in front of the door! Very safe and child- friendly area. Ideal for families. A three storey family house in Amsterdam. It has a very spacious, loft-like living room with open kitchen and doors to a sunny terrace, with lots of flowers and two lounging sofa's.  On the ground floor there's a bathroom with a bath tub, a big bedroom and a little garden. On the first floor is the other bathroom, with a shower, and another bedroom. The master bedroom is next to the living room, overlooking the terrace on the second floor. The house is clean, well kept, luxurious but simple. We have installed screen doors against mosquitos in the master bedroom and the living room.(2016) Dam square, museums, concert building, all within a 15 minute bike ride.  No smoking inside the house! The neighbourhood is called Oostelijk Havengebied, which means Eastern Harbour","The neighborhood is very child-friendly with playgrounds, a little soccer field, swimming water, a shopping mall, little restaurants and lots of public transport. I will leave you lots of tips and addresses.",Trams and busses are close by. You can use our bikes.,No smoking. Taking care of the cat?
