"A beautiful 3-bedroom apartment in a child friendly neighborhood in an upscale part of central Amsterdam. Nice, light and spacious with a fantastic roof terrace.  ","We offer a pleasant city apartment in a very nice neighborhood in the eastern central part of Amsterdam with everything you might need for children available. The living is light and spacious with a lounge and dining area with room for 6 persons.  Attached is a fully equipped kitchen offering all modern comforts. This floor also has an office room with high speed internet and a printer at your disposal. Upstairs we have a sunny, spacious master bedroom with a comfortable double bed (2x 80 cm wide). There is a second bedroom with a big bed (120cm wide) that could sleep another 1 or 2 persons (we can provide extra comfortable air-mattresses). The third bedroom is small but perfect for a child (bed 60x120cm) with a dresser for diaper change. On this floor is also the comfortable bathroom with big bathtub and separate shower.  The large roof terrace has comfortable chairs and a dining area. The apartment is on the second and third floor (third and fourth for Americans). ","A beautiful 3-bedroom apartment in a child friendly neighborhood in an upscale part of central Amsterdam. Nice, light and spacious with a fantastic roof terrace.  We offer a pleasant city apartment in a very nice neighborhood in the eastern central part of Amsterdam with everything you might need for children available. The living is light and spacious with a lounge and dining area with room for 6 persons.  Attached is a fully equipped kitchen offering all modern comforts. This floor also has an office room with high speed internet and a printer at your disposal. Upstairs we have a sunny, spacious master bedroom with a comfortable double bed (2x 80 cm wide). There is a second bedroom with a big bed (120cm wide) that could sleep another 1 or 2 persons (we can provide extra comfortable air-mattresses). The third bedroom is small but perfect for a child (bed 60x120cm) with a dresser for diaper change. On this floor is also the comfortable bathroom with big bathtub and separate shower.  Th",,,No smoking.
