"A beautiful room in a monumental building with a private bathroom  ,  bath ,a separate shower , toilet . Private heated bacony. Located in the quiet but central South of Amsterdam, 10 minutes walk away from the Rijks,  Van Gogh and Stedelijk Museums.",This quiet and peaceful room lies at the back of the house and has a private bathroom/wc ensuite with a bath and separate shower and private heated balcony. There is plenty of space for 2 people as the room measures 25sq.m. and the balcony is.6sq.m.,"A beautiful room in a monumental building with a private bathroom  ,  bath ,a separate shower , toilet . Private heated bacony. Located in the quiet but central South of Amsterdam, 10 minutes walk away from the Rijks,  Van Gogh and Stedelijk Museums. This quiet and peaceful room lies at the back of the house and has a private bathroom/wc ensuite with a bath and separate shower and private heated balcony. There is plenty of space for 2 people as the room measures 25sq.m. and the balcony is.6sq.m. The stylish private guestroom/bathroom is on the first floor and you have your own balcony facing south with a table and chairs, where you can sit ,have your breakfast and enjoy overlooking the garden. In the cold seasons the balcony is heated . The owner is an artist and works from home. She will be happy to answer any questions but will always respect your privacy. This is a very favored location in Amsterdam. Although in the center of the chic and peaceful South, you are only a 10 minute wal","This is a very favored location in Amsterdam. Although in the center of the chic and peaceful South, you are only a 10 minute walk away from the Museumplein, where you can find the Rijks-, Van Gogh- and Stedelijk Museums. There are plenty of shops, restaurants and cafes in the area as well. From the house it is an easy walk to the Center and one of the nicest ways to experience Amsterdam. ","Tram 5 goes just around the corner and will take you to the Zuid Station in one direction and the Central Station the other direction. From Schiphol you can either take the bus 197 straight to the Museumplein and walk 5 minutes to the house. Or you can take the train to Amsterdam Zuid/WTC  and change to Tram 5 to Apollolaan, from where you have a 3 minute walk to the house. A taxi from the airport will cost you around €35.",Smoking is only allowed on the balcony. This room is meant for 1 or 2 people only. Socializing is not allowed here. You will have your key and can come and go as you please. However we ask you to keep your voices down if you come home late and to respect the owner and the property.
