Lovely renovated sunny and light apartment in the centre of Amsterdam in one of the best neighbourhoods. The apartment is on the third floor and completely renovated so everything is new and clean. There is one bedroom with a master bed. An airbed can be set up additional on request.,"What can you find in the apartment: - bedroom with a double bed & clean sheets  - private bathroom: shower and toilet. Equipped with free towels  - living room fully equipped with television a nice couch and a dining table. A large open kitchen with a chill bar to have a drink or breakfast: fridge, cooking, coffee and tea facilities  - free Wifi  - City Map  - Sunny balcony on the south - Big rooftop terrace with sun all day - Comfy Airbed can be set up on request","Lovely renovated sunny and light apartment in the centre of Amsterdam in one of the best neighbourhoods. The apartment is on the third floor and completely renovated so everything is new and clean. There is one bedroom with a master bed. An airbed can be set up additional on request. What can you find in the apartment: - bedroom with a double bed & clean sheets  - private bathroom: shower and toilet. Equipped with free towels  - living room fully equipped with television a nice couch and a dining table. A large open kitchen with a chill bar to have a drink or breakfast: fridge, cooking, coffee and tea facilities  - free Wifi  - City Map  - Sunny balcony on the south - Big rooftop terrace with sun all day - Comfy Airbed can be set up on request Don't hesitate to contact me during your stay, I can give you details on restaurants, bars, sightseeing highlights or anything else you'd like to know about Amsterdam. This part of Amsterdam west is located in one of the most livingfull neighborh","This part of Amsterdam west is located in one of the most livingfull neighborhoods of Amsterdam. There are some trendy and cozy café's and lunch places just around the corner. The Jordaan and Vondelpark are 5 min away and is great for shopping, chilling and sightseeing. On one minute walking-distance there are also several supermarkets, bakeries and other stores.",The tram station is situated across the street and brings you in 5 minutes to where ever you want to go in the city. Also bike rentals are around the corner.,Since the apartment is renovated last year please be a bit carefull with my brand new kitchen ;)
