"Our 3 bedroom (!) appartment sleeps 5, with spacious sunny garden, huge living room. More than 100 sq metres in the midst of a hip and trendy neighbourhood which is close to centre.","Ideal for families! Three bedrooms: one bedroom with double bed sleeping 2, one very large bedroom with bunk-bed sleeping 2 and one bedroom with single bed. Separate WC and bathroom, large hallway, spacious living room and kitchen, sunny and large garden. Lots of entertainment/toys in house for children.","Our 3 bedroom (!) appartment sleeps 5, with spacious sunny garden, huge living room. More than 100 sq metres in the midst of a hip and trendy neighbourhood which is close to centre. Ideal for families! Three bedrooms: one bedroom with double bed sleeping 2, one very large bedroom with bunk-bed sleeping 2 and one bedroom with single bed. Separate WC and bathroom, large hallway, spacious living room and kitchen, sunny and large garden. Lots of entertainment/toys in house for children. Books, DVD's, TV, Internet (WIFI available), toys for children, use of electricity and shower/bath is included in price.  We live in a wonderful neighborhood, quiet yet hip, no loud noises and full of young parents. Very close to local shops and amenities and yet a very short (bike) or tram-ride to the city centre! Have a look at the pictures to get a good feel.  Tram 9  to city centre stops round the corner of our house. Multiple buses to take you anywhere. Amstel train station only 5 minutes away for your","We live in a wonderful neighborhood, quiet yet hip, no loud noises and full of young parents. Very close to local shops and amenities and yet a very short (bike) or tram-ride to the city centre! Have a look at the pictures to get a good feel. ",Tram 9  to city centre stops round the corner of our house. Multiple buses to take you anywhere. Amstel train station only 5 minutes away for your connections to Amsterdam Centraal and Schiphol. ,"Although Amsterdam has a wonderfully varied and vibrant nightlife, this is not a party-house.  Smoking allowed in the garden."
