"Great apartment  for your citytrip located in the best area of Amsterdam. The 'Pijp' has many nice bars, cafe's and restaurants and is famous for its daily 'Albery Cuyp' market. Popular museums  and bike rentals are all close by.","My cozy apartment in the 'Pijp' is the ideal place for a trip to Amsterdam. It is centrally located and has one bedroom, if needed the couch can sleep an extra person and an aerobed can be arranged. The appartment has a seperate bathroom and toilet and a nice balcony on the south where you can enjoy the sun from around 3 in the afternoon. The living has an open kitchen and large TV + music installation. Wifi is available throughout the apartment and there is a dishwasher + washing machine available.The apartment was renovated a few years ago so everything is new. Due to it's central location in the Pijp, everything is within in reach; the Museumplein, train station (Amsterdam Amstel),  supermarket, the daily Albert Cuyp Market, the Vondelpark, nice restaurants, cafes and various museums. I live closeby so you can always reach me for questions and I'll leave a small list with nice spots in the area. Please note that this is my own apartment so please handle it with love and care :)  P.S","Great apartment  for your citytrip located in the best area of Amsterdam. The 'Pijp' has many nice bars, cafe's and restaurants and is famous for its daily 'Albery Cuyp' market. Popular museums  and bike rentals are all close by. My cozy apartment in the 'Pijp' is the ideal place for a trip to Amsterdam. It is centrally located and has one bedroom, if needed the couch can sleep an extra person and an aerobed can be arranged. The appartment has a seperate bathroom and toilet and a nice balcony on the south where you can enjoy the sun from around 3 in the afternoon. The living has an open kitchen and large TV + music installation. Wifi is available throughout the apartment and there is a dishwasher + washing machine available.The apartment was renovated a few years ago so everything is new. Due to it's central location in the Pijp, everything is within in reach; the Museumplein, train station (Amsterdam Amstel),  supermarket, the daily Albert Cuyp Market, the Vondelpark, nice restaurants","De Pijp is vibrant and very much on its way up. As can be expected of an area that is centred on the nation’s most famous outdoor market: Albert Cuypmarkt, near to the Heineken brewery. This Amsterdam neighbourhood is famously diverse with over 100 nationalities represented. While still the best neighbourhood to choose from a wide selection of ethnic food, more high-end bars and restaurants have come on the scene to service students and young professionals. Further east along De Pijp there is the Van Woustraat, a former fast food strip, there are now several of the city’s more highly regarded restaurants. But perhaps most representative of the area is Bazar, a former church on the Albert Cuypmarkt that has been reinvented as a funky North African café/restaurant.",,"House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
