"Our cozy apartment is perfect for couples, a small family or group of friends. Situated in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood overlooking Erasmus park, with easy access to public transport, you are just 10 minutes from the center of Amsterdam. Relax and enjoy!","Our apartment is located on the corner of a beautiful canal overlooking the Erasmus park. In front of the door is a large playground with a small urban farm, so you wake up each morning to the beautiful view, complete with sheep eating grass below our little balcony. There is a large living room / dining room, with big windows facing west you can enjoy the long summer evenings and sunsets across the water and park.  The master bedroom overlooks a communal garden behind our building, you will see the sun rising behind the tall trees that line the water next to our home. There is a queen sized bed and the possibility of a small child's bed / crib. The small galley-style kitchen has everything you need to prepare home-cooked meals.  On the other side of the kitchen is a small office; with a very comfortable full-sized mattress so the office can be used as a second bedroom. Please note that in the office there is not a bed frame, only a mattress (but it is very comfortable.) The mattress f","Our cozy apartment is perfect for couples, a small family or group of friends. Situated in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood overlooking Erasmus park, with easy access to public transport, you are just 10 minutes from the center of Amsterdam. Relax and enjoy! Our apartment is located on the corner of a beautiful canal overlooking the Erasmus park. In front of the door is a large playground with a small urban farm, so you wake up each morning to the beautiful view, complete with sheep eating grass below our little balcony. There is a large living room / dining room, with big windows facing west you can enjoy the long summer evenings and sunsets across the water and park.  The master bedroom overlooks a communal garden behind our building, you will see the sun rising behind the tall trees that line the water next to our home. There is a queen sized bed and the possibility of a small child's bed / crib. The small galley-style kitchen has everything you need to prepare home-cooked meals. ","Bon en Lommer is one of the upcoming neighborhoods in Amsterdam - it is a real melting-pot with families from all over europe and the globe. We are located on the Erasmus park, where you can hear summer concerts, bar-b-que alongside the neighbors, or enjoy a drink at cafe Terrasmus. If you are traveling with children they will love the little urban-farm and the great playground right in front of the door. We are located about 5 minutes walking from Bos en Lommerweg - a vibrant shopping street with grocery stores (including a natural-foods grocery), bakeries, fruit and vegetable stands, cafes, delicatessens, a pharmacy, bookstore, florist, and everything else you could need. There is a big market located at Bos en Lommerplein on Tuesdays and Saturdays.  Walking in other directions you can reach two additional 'shopping-streets' in around 5 - 10 minutes, so there is a lot of variety within a short distance. One of the nicest things about Amsterdam is it small size and relative density, s","The best way to get around Amsterdam is by bike. If you are up for biking (it's very fun and easy with all of the designated bike lanes that are separated from car-traffic) then you will find yourself in the historic center of the city within 10 minutes. You can also reach everything in Amsterdam very easily by public transportation. Trams 12 and 14 pick up just 3 minutes walk from our front door. Tram 7 and busses 18 and 21 pick up about 5 minutes walking distance from our apartment. Within 10-15 minutes you are in the historic center. Trams run until midnight, but even if you stay out late in another neighborhood, we are just 30 minutes walking, or a short taxi-ride from the center. Amsterdam is a great walking city, it's very flat and the weather is mild, plus you will get to see so many of the details that make it so unique!","Our apartment is strictly non-smoking. We have two nice balconies, on the east and west facing sides of the apartment, smoking is only possible on the balcony with all doors and windows closed. Our neighbors are very kind, but they are elderly, and we try to keep the noise level low in the evenings. If you are looking for an apartment where you can host a party, or play loud music, we ask you to find another location. No pets allowed."
