A nicely decorated apartment in the upcoming side of town. A large light south facing living room with french balcony. All the facilities you need on your doorstep.  Also nice hip bars and restaurants at walking distance.,"A modern and sunny 2-persons-apartment, independent and 100% private. 65 square meter, or 700 square foot. Fully furnished on the second floor. The apartment has two balcony's, one on the north side and one on sunny south side. The whole building has been recently renovated and is in perfect condition.  The living room is large and spacious and has a french balcony on south side. The luxurious kitchen is equipped with freezer, refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, oven, 5 gas pits, tea and coffee making facilities.  The sleeping room has a nice double bed and a adjoining balcony. Because it's on the back of the building it is quiet and perfect for sleeping inn. Because I'm still using the apartment I don't have space in wardrobes.  The bathroom consists of toilet, bath, shower (separately). Also included for your convenience:washing machine, dryer, blow dryer, linnen, clean towels, shower gel & shampoo, bath oil. The apartment is located in a hip/upcoming neighborhood with loads of nice","A modern and sunny 2-persons-apartment, independent and 100% private. 65 square meter, or 700 square foot. Fully furnished on the second floor. The apartment has two balcony's, one on the north side and one on sunny south side. The whole building has been recently renovated and is in perfect condition.  The living room is large and spacious and has a french balcony on south side. The luxurious kitchen is equipped with freezer, refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, oven, 5 gas pits, tea and coffee making facilities.  The sleeping room has a nice double bed and a adjoining balcony. Because it's on the back of the building it is quiet and perfect for sleeping inn. Because I'm still using the apartment I don't have space in wardrobes.  The bathroom consists of toilet, bath, shower (separately). Also included for your convenience:washing machine, dryer, blow dryer, linnen, clean towels, shower gel & shampoo, bath oil. The apartment is located in a hip/upcoming neighborhood with loads of nice",Heel veel leuke nieuwe restaurants in de buurt en veel terrasjes.,,- no smoking (only on the balconies)  - no pets  - no parties - please keep the apartment clean
