"Sunny room with private bathroom (bath and shower) in the center of Amsterdam. There is tv, wifi and possibility  to make coffee and tea, also a little fridge. Within  500 m you  find: the Hermitage museum, the Opera, the Tropical museum, the Zoo, the botanical garden, a park, the Fleamarket,  a bike-rental, supermarkets, 15 restaurants, cafés and much more. There is a tram stop right in front of the house and the metro is 400 meters from here.","Central situated, 20 meter to tram, 400 meter to metro en 2 km to Central station. Nearby the Oosterpark en Wertheimpark, Artis (zoo), the Hermitage, the Tropical museum, the Jewish Historical museum and synagoge, the  Amsterdam museum, the science museum NEMO, theater Carré, the Resistancemuseum, het Shippingmuseum, de Hortus Botanicus and off course lots of restaurants en cafés. The room is on the 3th floor of a nice old house. No elevator!","Sunny room with private bathroom (bath and shower) in the center of Amsterdam. There is tv, wifi and possibility  to make coffee and tea, also a little fridge. Within  500 m you  find: the Hermitage museum, the Opera, the Tropical museum, the Zoo, the botanical garden, a park, the Fleamarket,  a bike-rental, supermarkets, 15 restaurants, cafés and much more. There is a tram stop right in front of the house and the metro is 400 meters from here. Central situated, 20 meter to tram, 400 meter to metro en 2 km to Central station. Nearby the Oosterpark en Wertheimpark, Artis (zoo), the Hermitage, the Tropical museum, the Jewish Historical museum and synagoge, the  Amsterdam museum, the science museum NEMO, theater Carré, the Resistancemuseum, het Shippingmuseum, de Hortus Botanicus and off course lots of restaurants en cafés. The room is on the 3th floor of a nice old house. No elevator! Room, bathroom, and toilet. Check in after 14.00 hours and preferred before 20.00, check out before 11.0","The Plantage-buurt is the greenest area of Amsterdam, plenty of trees, parks and plants. Amsterdam is also the greenest city of Europe, 1 tree for every 2 people, Paris counts for example 1 tree for every 22 inhabitants.  The Plantage  is situated at the edge of the old center of Amsterdam, and has lots of little restaurants and cafés. I love to live here!","Dear guests,  if you arrive at Schiphol airport, there are two ways of getting here.  1. Take the train to Amsterdam Central Station, (tickets € 5,90 pp in the machine in the hall). From the Central Station, take tram no 9, (tickets available in the tram, € 2,90 pp) and get off at stop ARTIS (the zoo) and you will be standing right in front of my place, no 20A. This option will take about 2  or 2,5 hours, from landing to here. 2. I can ask my dear friend to pick you up with his big Volvo car. Ruud will charge € 30,-. for this, of wich € 20,-. will be donated to Villa Joep, for children who suffer from cancer. (Normal taxi € 55,-. to € 60,-.) This option will take you about 1 hour. I hereby want to let you know that I also support MSF, Medicins sans frontieres, Dokters zonder grenzen, Doctors without borders, by giving them free lodging (the headquarters of MSF are 200 meters from here). Please don't arrive by car, parking is extremely expensive here (€ 4,50 for one hour) and it is very","Dear guests, - Check-in time preferred between 14.00 and 19.00 hours. - Check-out time preferred before 11.00 hours. - Please do not throw anything out of the window, it might fall on my   downstairs neighbors and their terrace. - Please be quit on stairs and corridors little children sleeping downstairs - Please be careful with our front-door,  close it gently and make sure it is closed. - Please use tap-water. Dutch tap-water is probably the best in the world, it's even better than most bottled waters and costs about 1000 times less energy to produce. Please don't go shopping at Primark. This shop stinks, childrens labour. On top off that they sell rags that will not survive your washing machine and cost a lot of pollution producing them. Thank you, Henrica."
