"House only suits families / no groups, no (stag)parties. The residential atmosphere and rules does not allow us to host groups.","Unique, light, spacious open plan warehouse loft conversion, on first floor, with balcony directly overlooking the canal and 17th century warehouses. 3 bedrooms:  1 x double bed,  2 x queen size (90x200cm) high beds 1 double sofa-bed (makes double bed folded out)  Bathroom: walk-in-shower, bath, 2 basins, toilet, bidet separate toilet - Open plan kitchen/dining room - Large living room Washer and drier room WiFi, Piano, Cable-TV, PS3,  This property couldn’t be more central allowing you to explore Amsterdam’s historic centre by foot, bike or public transport. It’s on a quiet street in the “Western Islands”, 15 minutes walk from Amsterdam Centraal station and even quicker by bus or by bike. Tram line 3 stops by our door (this takes you straight to museumquarter). Parking in the street is possible but very expensive, if necessary you better leave your car at one of the ‘park and ride’ places. Our local shops are on the Haarlemmerdijk, voted two years in a row “Best Shopping Street in Hol","House only suits families / no groups, no (stag)parties. The residential atmosphere and rules does not allow us to host groups. Unique, light, spacious open plan warehouse loft conversion, on first floor, with balcony directly overlooking the canal and 17th century warehouses. 3 bedrooms:  1 x double bed,  2 x queen size (90x200cm) high beds 1 double sofa-bed (makes double bed folded out)  Bathroom: walk-in-shower, bath, 2 basins, toilet, bidet separate toilet - Open plan kitchen/dining room - Large living room Washer and drier room WiFi, Piano, Cable-TV, PS3,  This property couldn’t be more central allowing you to explore Amsterdam’s historic centre by foot, bike or public transport. It’s on a quiet street in the “Western Islands”, 15 minutes walk from Amsterdam Centraal station and even quicker by bus or by bike. Tram line 3 stops by our door (this takes you straight to museumquarter). Parking in the street is possible but very expensive, if necessary you better leave your car at one",,,No groups/ No smoking in or outside (balcony/window) / No drugs also not on balcony / No (stag)parties to neighbour rules we only host families  This is our private house so please respect and take care of our things as you would do of your own.
