"A comfertable canal apartment, situated at the Singelgracht, adjacent the Centre-Jordaan.  Sunny living room. The kitchen well equipped, a spacious bathroom with a bath, a separate toilet and bedroom with a door that opens on to the balcony"," The apartment is 68 square meters with a balcony overlooking the inner gardens of the other apartments. The sun reaches the balcony in the afternoon and stays until the evening. Relaxing with a fine glass of wine, a perfect way to end the day. And to start the day, the morning sun in the living room, makes your first coffee overlooking the canal, a real treat. ","A comfertable canal apartment, situated at the Singelgracht, adjacent the Centre-Jordaan.  Sunny living room. The kitchen well equipped, a spacious bathroom with a bath, a separate toilet and bedroom with a door that opens on to the balcony The apartment is 68 square meters with a balcony overlooking the inner gardens of the other apartments. The sun reaches the balcony in the afternoon and stays until the evening. Relaxing with a fine glass of wine, a perfect way to end the day. And to start the day, the morning sun in the living room, makes your first coffee overlooking the canal, a real treat. This apartment features free WiFi, 2 flat screens and DVD players, bed linen and towels, washing machine, dishwasher. I will try to be of help providing information about Amsterdam (if required:)) and will be reachable during the stay in case of questions of any kind. Welcome to amsterdam! On the other side of the canal you can find the Jordaan, where cafes, cheap markets, specialized shops, a","On the other side of the canal you can find the Jordaan, where cafes, cheap markets, specialized shops, affordable restaurants are located.  . Welcome to Amsterdam!","The Center can easily be reached by foot (2 minutes) or by public transport. Bus 21 and 18, nearby the apartment, takes you to the Central Station. Tram 3 and 10 will take you to the other popular districts.","Pets are welcome but require an extra cleaning fee of 20€.  Please treat the apartment as if it were your own and keep in mind you have neighbors.  The apartment is a regular home, not an after hours club, so no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc. In case of multiple complaints from neighbors we have the right to remove you from the apartment.  At time of departure: make sure the apartment is tidy, the dishes are done, the garbage is bagged and the oven, hob and fridge/freezer are clean. If the apartment is found not to reach these requirements, a cleaning fee of at least 50 EUR will be charged.  No smoking and no drugs allowed."
