"In a safe, green and quiet area just 10 minutes from city centre. Clean, sunny, spacious apartment (60 m2) with immediate connection to Schiphol airport, centre, museums (Anne Frank, van Gogh, Rijksmuseum). Walking distance shops &  restaurants.","My modern 55 m2 apartment is located in the upcoming neighbourhood Bos en Lommer, just 3 minutes walk from the Erasmus Park (sport, picnic). It's situated on the first floor and has a living room with sleeping sofa, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with double bed (seperate matrasses), shower, separate toilet, and two balconies where you can sit outside, relax and watch the sun go up & down. The apartment is light, super clean (!!) and offers all you need for a perfect stay in Amsterdam. The centre (Jordaan, Anne Frank, van Gogh, Rijks museums) is within 10-15 minutes reach by easy tram connections. The apartment is completely private and a peaceful getaway to explore Amsterdam. It is perfect for 2/3 people. ","In a safe, green and quiet area just 10 minutes from city centre. Clean, sunny, spacious apartment (60 m2) with immediate connection to Schiphol airport, centre, museums (Anne Frank, van Gogh, Rijksmuseum). Walking distance shops &  restaurants. My modern 55 m2 apartment is located in the upcoming neighbourhood Bos en Lommer, just 3 minutes walk from the Erasmus Park (sport, picnic). It's situated on the first floor and has a living room with sleeping sofa, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with double bed (seperate matrasses), shower, separate toilet, and two balconies where you can sit outside, relax and watch the sun go up & down. The apartment is light, super clean (!!) and offers all you need for a perfect stay in Amsterdam. The centre (Jordaan, Anne Frank, van Gogh, Rijks museums) is within 10-15 minutes reach by easy tram connections. The apartment is completely private and a peaceful getaway to explore Amsterdam. It is perfect for 2/3 people. The apartment provides:  - Kitche","Bos en Lommer is a green, quiet, safe district only 10 minutes from the hustle and bustle of the city centre and with easy connection to the airport. Don't expect however picturesque canalhouses, with all sorts of tourist paraphernalia! It's a modern urban area where (mainly young) people/couples with children live. You’ll find plenty of cheap shops, a fitness club, banks, grocery stores, bakeries, a supermarket, pop up galleries, inexpensive but surprisingly tasteful restaurants. Just 3 minutes away you'll find the Erasmus park where you can picnic, sport, yoga or go for a coffee.","The city centre is easily reached within 10/15 minutes by trams, just one block away. (Tram 14 will take you directly to Dam Square, and the Anne Frank House. Tram 12 brings you directly to the van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk Museum). I'll give you the details.","Please respect the neighbours. No loud music or noise from 11:00 PM - 09:00 AM. No smoking inside. (there are two balconies to smoke  outside) No shoes inside the house  because of wooden floor. For the rest just make yourself at home, because the place is yours during your stay."
