,"Sunny, light, comfortable, spacious apartment. Just 500m away from the center (Jordaan).  The accommodation is situated in Westerpark where some of the best deals for restaurants, cheap markets, and affordable nightlife can be found. Westerpark is best known for the Westergasfabriek, a vibrant park containing various cafés and clubs. The neighbourhood is also home to a growing underground scene, and features some cool and trendy retro clubs that attract a crowd of creative trendsetters. The apartment is 65 square meters and has a very sunny balcony with sun from midday until the evening . When weather permits it is a true treat to have a drink and/or diner outside on the balcony in the sun.  The kitchen is my favorite place in the house, with doors that open on to the balcony. I love to cook, so you will find everything you need to prepare a wonderful meal.  In the bedroom you will find a king-size bed therefor the place is best suited for 2 people. But the living room has a wonderful ","Sunny, light, comfortable, spacious apartment. Just 500m away from the center (Jordaan).  The accommodation is situated in Westerpark where some of the best deals for restaurants, cheap markets, and affordable nightlife can be found. Westerpark is best known for the Westergasfabriek, a vibrant park containing various cafés and clubs. The neighbourhood is also home to a growing underground scene, and features some cool and trendy retro clubs that attract a crowd of creative trendsetters. The apartment is 65 square meters and has a very sunny balcony with sun from midday until the evening . When weather permits it is a true treat to have a drink and/or diner outside on the balcony in the sun.  The kitchen is my favorite place in the house, with doors that open on to the balcony. I love to cook, so you will find everything you need to prepare a wonderful meal.  In the bedroom you will find a king-size bed therefor the place is best suited for 2 people. But the living room has a wonderful ",,,"The price per night for 4 persons varies, every extra person pays + 15 €.  Pets are welcome but require a extra cleaning fee of 30€. Please treat the apartment as if it were your own apartment, and keep in mind you have neighbours.  The apartment is a regular home not an after hours club, so no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc.  At time of departure: make sure the apartment is tidy, the dishes are done, the garbage is bagged and the oven, hob and fridge/freezer are clean. If the apartment is found not to reach these requirements, a cleaning fee of at least 50 EUR will be charged.  >>NO SMOKING AND NO DRUGS ALLOWED>>"
