"We rent out our sunny family home in Amsterdam. The house is located in the south of Amsterdam and is only a 7 minute walk away from the famous Vondelpark and a 7 minute bike ride away from the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk Museum!","We rent out our real family home with a sunny roof terrace to preferably a family or a couple. We don't accept group reservations. Our apartment is a duplex apartment located on the 2nd floor. When you enter the house via the private staircase you step into the spacious hall.  The hall leads you to the livingroom 'en suite' with access to the balcony, the seperate kitchen with access to the small balcony, the master bedroom with a luxurious double bed, the bathroom with bathtub and the seperate toilet.  The wooden staircase going to the 3rd floor where the 3 childrens rooms are is an eyecatcher because of all the light that falls through it. This floor also is the access floor to the super sunny roof terrace of approximately 20m2. We have one room with a bed for a 3 to 6yr old and two seperate rooms with very comfortable boxspring beds. We also have single mattrasses which you can put on the floor when your 5th person has outgrown the children's bed. On the 3rd floor is also a seperate","We rent out our sunny family home in Amsterdam. The house is located in the south of Amsterdam and is only a 7 minute walk away from the famous Vondelpark and a 7 minute bike ride away from the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk Museum! We rent out our real family home with a sunny roof terrace to preferably a family or a couple. We don't accept group reservations. Our apartment is a duplex apartment located on the 2nd floor. When you enter the house via the private staircase you step into the spacious hall.  The hall leads you to the livingroom 'en suite' with access to the balcony, the seperate kitchen with access to the small balcony, the master bedroom with a luxurious double bed, the bathroom with bathtub and the seperate toilet.  The wooden staircase going to the 3rd floor where the 3 childrens rooms are is an eyecatcher because of all the light that falls through it. This floor also is the access floor to the super sunny roof terrace of approximately 20m2. We have one ro",,"We are close to all kinds of bus, tram and train connections. There are several shops close by where you can rent bikes, the best way to discover Amsterdam is of course by bike!","No smoking, no drugs, no parties"
