Sunny apartment in green and car-free neighborhood. Near one of the most beautiful  parks in Europe: Westerpark. Close to the city center - tram and bus in front of the house. Two children bedrooms and a matrimonial bedroom with balcony.  Only for couples or families with children.,"This is a one-and-a-half floor apartment with a very light and sunny upper floor and a quite unorthodox layout. The big kitchen is the central space, with it's huge windows (view at a square with lots of green) and the long dining table. The living room with balcony is like a 'hotelroom' with a big matrimonial bed, and a sitting corner with sofa and build-in television. On the lower floor we have two children's bedrooms, the big one with a double bed, and a bathroom with shower.","Sunny apartment in green and car-free neighborhood. Near one of the most beautiful  parks in Europe: Westerpark. Close to the city center - tram and bus in front of the house. Two children bedrooms and a matrimonial bedroom with balcony.  Only for couples or families with children. This is a one-and-a-half floor apartment with a very light and sunny upper floor and a quite unorthodox layout. The big kitchen is the central space, with it's huge windows (view at a square with lots of green) and the long dining table. The living room with balcony is like a 'hotelroom' with a big matrimonial bed, and a sitting corner with sofa and build-in television. On the lower floor we have two children's bedrooms, the big one with a double bed, and a bathroom with shower. The guests will have acces to all the rooms, but depending on the number of guests the smallest bedroom will be used for storage. Non - smoking. Green, car-free and sustainably built neighborhood, close to Amsterdam Centre (10 min. t","Green, car-free and sustainably built neighborhood, close to Amsterdam Centre (10 min. tram or bus), next to Westerpark, and very close to the famous Cafe Restaurant Amsterdam  (beautiful old industrial space, with nice and quiet terrace). Many other bars and restaurants nearby. Bikes for rent on the corner!","Tram 10 (to museum district) is arriving and departing in front of the house, just like bus nr. 21 to Central Station. Public parking garage at 2 min. walking distance.",
