"Nice apartment (60 sqm) with 3 rooms. Large livingroom, bedroom and living kitchen. Two sunny balconies, wifi, digital tv, washing machine, small bathroom, in a lovely neighborhood with a park 50 mtrs away.","Great apartment with 2 sunny balconies. Room for 2 people. Nice and clean.  Complete apartment for your use.  There is a bedroom with a double bed. The apartment is very close to tram and bus stops and you are within 10 to 15 minutes in the city center (Central Station, Dam, Leidseplein, Museums) with tram or bike. Please contact me if you want more info or to reserve the apartment. I'll be happy to answer all of your questions about the house or the neighborhood. I look forward to welcome you to Amsterdam!  - Free wifi - Bathroom - Kitchen - Washing machine - 2 Balconies I will be around for check in & out - Nice small Turkish shops with vegetables and fruit - Market on Wednesday - Saturdays (200 mtrs) - Very nice park around the corner - Good restaurants  Trams and busses close to the apartment - Free wifi - Bathroom - Kitchen - Washing machine - 2 Balconies - I have to mention that I have 2 cats, sometimes I'm able to take them with me.  I will be around for check in & out - Nice sm","Nice apartment (60 sqm) with 3 rooms. Large livingroom, bedroom and living kitchen. Two sunny balconies, wifi, digital tv, washing machine, small bathroom, in a lovely neighborhood with a park 50 mtrs away. Great apartment with 2 sunny balconies. Room for 2 people. Nice and clean.  Complete apartment for your use.  There is a bedroom with a double bed. The apartment is very close to tram and bus stops and you are within 10 to 15 minutes in the city center (Central Station, Dam, Leidseplein, Museums) with tram or bike. Please contact me if you want more info or to reserve the apartment. I'll be happy to answer all of your questions about the house or the neighborhood. I look forward to welcome you to Amsterdam!  - Free wifi - Bathroom - Kitchen - Washing machine - 2 Balconies I will be around for check in & out - Nice small Turkish shops with vegetables and fruit - Market on Wednesday - Saturdays (200 mtrs) - Very nice park around the corner - Good restaurants  Trams and busses close to",- Nice small Turkish shops with fresh vegetables and fruits - Market on Wednesday - Saturdays (200 mtrs) - Very nice park around the corner - Good restaurants  - 10 minutes to city centre by tram (stop at 200 mtrs),Trams and busses close to the apartment,
