"Great location opposit Central Station. Just a pleasant (free) ferry ride away. Lovely bright apartment; perfectly suitable for single travellers or couples. Free parking in the close area. Sit on my sunny balcony and watch all kinds of ships sailing by.  Enjoy the village vibe from the hip & happening North part of Amsterdam  and dive into the old city center whenever you feel up for it! Relax at home with free Netflix, cook up something in my very well equipped kitchen!","Just opposite central station, passengers cruise terminal (PTA) & Music-hall (Muziekgebouw aan het IJ) across the river IJ we live in a modern, comfortable, bright and quiet apartment ( 60 m2, 1 bedroom,  1 balcony, 1 bathroom) perfectly suitable for single travellers or couples. Very close to the citycenter and yet very quite.  The ferry between central station and my hood is available 24/7 takes only 4 minutes and is for free.  A Taxi from Leidseplein takes 10 minutes, from Central station 5 min.  Parking is free as well if you decide to come by car! From Central Station most trams, buses and metro leave. You can rent bikes from Central station as weell. Also its a great starting point to stroll the canals by foot.  Rent bicycles! Biking is Best! I''ve been doing home exchanges for more then 60 times.& like to stay in homely environments. I run a livingroomrestaurant and catering business. If you like cooking you will love my apartment more!  If you like dining out  I will leave you ","Great location opposit Central Station. Just a pleasant (free) ferry ride away. Lovely bright apartment; perfectly suitable for single travellers or couples. Free parking in the close area. Sit on my sunny balcony and watch all kinds of ships sailing by.  Enjoy the village vibe from the hip & happening North part of Amsterdam  and dive into the old city center whenever you feel up for it! Relax at home with free Netflix, cook up something in my very well equipped kitchen! Just opposite central station, passengers cruise terminal (PTA) & Music-hall (Muziekgebouw aan het IJ) across the river IJ we live in a modern, comfortable, bright and quiet apartment ( 60 m2, 1 bedroom,  1 balcony, 1 bathroom) perfectly suitable for single travellers or couples. Very close to the citycenter and yet very quite.  The ferry between central station and my hood is available 24/7 takes only 4 minutes and is for free.  A Taxi from Leidseplein takes 10 minutes, from Central station 5 min.  Parking is free as","My area used to be shipyards up til the 80's. When the industry went down they turned the area into a living area. Most houses are build so they have some kind of contact with the water. The renown architect Rem Koolhaas did his first social housing project here. (the square colored buildings). The area has been changing enormously the last 10 years, since many creative industies decided to settle in this part of town. Its really interesting to cycle around Amsterdam Noord!","We are opposit Central Station  (at the other site of the river) with trains, trams, metro and buses , thus really close to all public transport within Amsterdam and Holland.  The ferry between Central Station and us takes 5 minutes.","Bedlinen and towels provided. Please leave the house tidy like you found it.  A cleaning fee is included, but if you like to save some money and clean up yourselves, let me know before you make the booking so I can make you a special offer (and deduct the cleaning fee). In that case we like to return home and find a clean kitchen, bathroom and toilet and the bed made up for us! Check - In and Check out - Please let me know your arrival and departure details and I will do my best to accommodate. * NO smoking inside the flat (there is a balcony) * NO parties are allowed * NO loud music / TV * NO noise on the stairways please!"
