"A wonderful, cosy and very, very light newly renovated apartment in the Westerpark-area. Surrounded by local bars, cafés and excellent restaurants.  Fully equipped and decorated with taste. Your perfect spot to enjoy Amsterdam to it's fullest. Within a 5 min walk from the Jordaan and its canals, a 10 min tram ride directly to the Van Gogh-, Rijks- & Stedelijk museum & a 3 min walk from the Westerpark.  Please feel free to contact us, we help happily... We´d love to hear from you!","This 48 m² apartment is perfectly suited for two travelers who share a bed and love the sunny side of Amsterdam. The apartment will be fully accessible. Though, as it is my home for most of the year, of course some personal items will remain. Please visit the elaborate website iamsterdam for great tips on everything else...","A wonderful, cosy and very, very light newly renovated apartment in the Westerpark-area. Surrounded by local bars, cafés and excellent restaurants.  Fully equipped and decorated with taste. Your perfect spot to enjoy Amsterdam to it's fullest. Within a 5 min walk from the Jordaan and its canals, a 10 min tram ride directly to the Van Gogh-, Rijks- & Stedelijk museum & a 3 min walk from the Westerpark.  Please feel free to contact us, we help happily... We´d love to hear from you! This 48 m² apartment is perfectly suited for two travelers who share a bed and love the sunny side of Amsterdam. The apartment will be fully accessible. Though, as it is my home for most of the year, of course some personal items will remain. Please visit the elaborate website iamsterdam for great tips on everything else... The apartment will be fully accessible. Though, as it is my home for most of the year, of course some personal items will remain. We keep in regular contact via telephone, sms, What'sApp, F","You can go for a coffee or shopping in the famous Haarlemmerstraat. Walk onwards to the Anne-Frank House, see the Dam Square, get back through the Negen-Straatjes and have a meal in Westerpark or just hop bye the Albert Hein on the Haarlemmerplein for groceries and cook yourself. Please visit the elaborate website (website hidden) for great tips on everything else...","There is a tram (line 3) in front of the door, and busses 18, 22 and 23 stop at the closeby Haarlemmerplein. But to see Amsterdam the easiest, is to just rent a bike and get lost...",A set of simple and common house rules apply and will be given with the reservation as well as upon arrival at the apartment.
