"Very cosy and comfortable apartment on 3th and 4th (top) floor.  Spacious modern kitchen and light living room. Sunrise in the living room in the morning, sunset on westside balcony. Bubble bath, TV, Wifi, modern kitchen including big kitchen/diner table; everything you need for a city trip!","A very light and spacious 3-room apartment of 70 m2 on the 3rd and 4th (top) floor right next to Culture Park 'WesterGasFabriek'.  The Westerpark is a lively & trendy neighbourhood with lots of little shops, bars and restaurants. The apartment is a 10 - 30 minutes walk to the very heart of the old city centre, crossing 'The Jordaan'. Attributes and special features: - Spacious modern kitchen - cable TV, music/stereo set, WIFI - French balcony in living room - Open air balcony west side/evening sun - Large bedroom on 4th floor, very quiet The luxurious and well maintained apartment comprises a large kitchen with appliances and furnished with large dining table, 4 chairs. Next to the kitchen is the (west side) balcony, where the sun can be enjoyed, even in winter. The large bedroom is exceptionally quiet because it's on the 4th (top) floor, no neighbours.  Also in the apartment: spacious hall, separate toilet, bathroom with bubble bath, shower, sink and radiator, washing & drying machine","Very cosy and comfortable apartment on 3th and 4th (top) floor.  Spacious modern kitchen and light living room. Sunrise in the living room in the morning, sunset on westside balcony. Bubble bath, TV, Wifi, modern kitchen including big kitchen/diner table; everything you need for a city trip! A very light and spacious 3-room apartment of 70 m2 on the 3rd and 4th (top) floor right next to Culture Park 'WesterGasFabriek'.  The Westerpark is a lively & trendy neighbourhood with lots of little shops, bars and restaurants. The apartment is a 10 - 30 minutes walk to the very heart of the old city centre, crossing 'The Jordaan'. Attributes and special features: - Spacious modern kitchen - cable TV, music/stereo set, WIFI - French balcony in living room - Open air balcony west side/evening sun - Large bedroom on 4th floor, very quiet The luxurious and well maintained apartment comprises a large kitchen with appliances and furnished with large dining table, 4 chairs. Next to the kitchen is the (",My neighbourhood is super cosy: loads of cafes and restaurants around the corner of my house. A very nice and lively park at 2 min walk. And still it is a very quiet local life neighbourhood.,Circle tram 10 around the corner. Bus 18 and 21 to central station at 7 min walk.,Please be quiet on the balcony for the neighbours. The apartment itself is very sound isolated.
