,"SunShine is a sunny apartment situated on the second floor in a quiet street in Amsterdam Centre.  The apartment consists of a living room, kitchen, two separate bedrooms, hall and a bathroom with bath and shower.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a oven, fridge, toaster, juice maker, kitchen machine, dishwasher and with basic foods such as olive oil, sugar, salt, spices, coffee, tea and of course some fine Dutch cheese etc. The second bedroom which is on the third floor, has a double bed (190 x 210 cms; 75 x 83"") and private shower and toilet. In this second bedroom you will find a second toaster, water cooker, small fridge, coffee, tea, sugar, which gives a party of four full privacy in the mornings when waking up.  Bed linen, bath towels and bathrobes are waiting for you to be used, the washing machine too.  Wifi of course and free bikes!!  The apartment is decorated in a style the Dutch call 'gezellig'. Cosy is the nearest English equivalent, but does not convey the full meaning ","SunShine is a sunny apartment situated on the second floor in a quiet street in Amsterdam Centre.  The apartment consists of a living room, kitchen, two separate bedrooms, hall and a bathroom with bath and shower.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a oven, fridge, toaster, juice maker, kitchen machine, dishwasher and with basic foods such as olive oil, sugar, salt, spices, coffee, tea and of course some fine Dutch cheese etc. The second bedroom which is on the third floor, has a double bed (190 x 210 cms; 75 x 83"") and private shower and toilet. In this second bedroom you will find a second toaster, water cooker, small fridge, coffee, tea, sugar, which gives a party of four full privacy in the mornings when waking up.  Bed linen, bath towels and bathrobes are waiting for you to be used, the washing machine too.  Wifi of course and free bikes!!  The apartment is decorated in a style the Dutch call 'gezellig'. Cosy is the nearest English equivalent, but does not convey the full meaning ",,,"Most important rules are respect and enjoy: respect the apartment, respect the neighbours and enjoy your holidays. And call us when you need help."
