"5 min's Walk from Central Station, on famous Brouwersgracht, comfy room with private ensuite faciliteit in  canalhouse. All main attractions within walkingdistance. Located in Jordaan, trendy Haarlemmerstraat around the corner. Kitchen open in the morning.","Superb located, just 5 minutes walk from central station. Situated at the Brouwersgracht (appointed as the most beautifull canal) in a traditional canalhouse, decorated in a sturdy classic style. Double use room which has it's private in-room shower and toilet, this specific room is very suitable for longer Stays for individual travellers. The large kitchen overlooking the canal and its passing canalboats, is open for the guests in the morning. You can enjoyed Complimentary coffee/tea or your favorite self bought items which can be stored in the refridgerator.  All musea, such as Anne Frank House, van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, stedelijk museum, Scheepvaartmuseum and the Hermitage are within walking distance.  Lots of possibilities around to rent a bike and explore the city in this local way, or take the ferry at central station to A'dam North and bike through the countryside so you will feel the authentic dutch way of living outside the city with it's windmills, cows, sheep and flowerfields. ","5 min's Walk from Central Station, on famous Brouwersgracht, comfy room with private ensuite faciliteit in  canalhouse. All main attractions within walkingdistance. Located in Jordaan, trendy Haarlemmerstraat around the corner. Kitchen open in the morning. Superb located, just 5 minutes walk from central station. Situated at the Brouwersgracht (appointed as the most beautifull canal) in a traditional canalhouse, decorated in a sturdy classic style. Double use room which has it's private in-room shower and toilet, this specific room is very suitable for longer Stays for individual travellers. The large kitchen overlooking the canal and its passing canalboats, is open for the guests in the morning. You can enjoyed Complimentary coffee/tea or your favorite self bought items which can be stored in the refridgerator.  All musea, such as Anne Frank House, van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, stedelijk museum, Scheepvaartmuseum and the Hermitage are within walking distance.  Lots of possibilities around to",Most trendy area with boutique shops and wide variety of restaurants,5 minutes walk from/to central station,
