"Amazing, bright and spacious home, perfect for a couple or families with 2 or 3 children (16 and under)","Located in the beautiful, vibrant Oosterpark neighbourhood 2 blocks from the park itself you'll find this great duplex 2/3 bedroom family apt. Please note: At the moment we prefer to rent to families or a couple as opposed to a group of friends. We have a wonderful kitchen with all amenities (including dishwasher, oven/grill/microwave, Nespresso coffeemaker, a 'Quooker' tap for instant boiling water).   Seperate downstairs toilet. Very spacious and light livingroom with 37inch LED flatscreen tv, as well as a fantastic sound system. Plenty of toys for the little ones (Lego duplo blocks, puzzles, etc.). From the livingroom there are double doors opening out into the garden, perfect for bbqs and relaxing, with lounge chairs and a Fatboy hammock. Upstairs you'll find a super quiet childrens bedroom in the back with a single bed 150cm x 75cm. Next to it the bathroom with bath and seperate shower. Also on this floor a separate toilet. In the front a bright bedroom with kingsize bed and throu","Located in the beautiful, vibrant Oosterpark neighbourhood 2 blocks from the park itself you'll find this great duplex 2/3 bedroom family apt. Please note: At the moment we prefer to rent to families or a couple as opposed to a group of friends. We have a wonderful kitchen with all amenities (including dishwasher, oven/grill/microwave, Nespresso coffeemaker, a 'Quooker' tap for instant boiling water).   Seperate downstairs toilet. Very spacious and light livingroom with 37inch LED flatscreen tv, as well as a fantastic sound system. Plenty of toys for the little ones (Lego duplo blocks, puzzles, etc.). From the livingroom there are double doors opening out into the garden, perfect for bbqs and relaxing, with lounge chairs and a Fatboy hammock. Upstairs you'll find a super quiet childrens bedroom in the back with a single bed 150cm x 75cm. Next to it the bathroom with bath and seperate shower. Also on this floor a separate toilet. In the front a bright bedroom with kingsize bed and throu",,,"We only allow couples or families with young children, no groups of friends traveling together. So please tell us a little about yourself and who you’re coming with so we can make sure you’ll have everything you need."
