"A luxurious styled apartment is the ideal base for discovering Amsterdam.  Main attractions are within walking distance. Rijksmuseum is a 10 minute walk away, and the famous canals are only a 5 minute walk away.  Leidseplein and Vondelpark are around the corner.  The apartment itself is in a quiet street, so a perfect to rest after a day in the city.","-Very spacious living room, with french balcony. - A bedroom with a double bed and a large closet. - Sofa bed is made when you book for 3 or 4 persons. - Fully equipped Kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave, stove, washing machine etc). - Unique, modern bathroom.","A luxurious styled apartment is the ideal base for discovering Amsterdam.  Main attractions are within walking distance. Rijksmuseum is a 10 minute walk away, and the famous canals are only a 5 minute walk away.  Leidseplein and Vondelpark are around the corner.  The apartment itself is in a quiet street, so a perfect to rest after a day in the city. -Very spacious living room, with french balcony. - A bedroom with a double bed and a large closet. - Sofa bed is made when you book for 3 or 4 persons. - Fully equipped Kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave, stove, washing machine etc). - Unique, modern bathroom. Private access to the whole apartment. Either myself or a friend will welcome you to the apartment, answer any questions you may have and be available during your whole stay should you have any questions or concerns. The apartment is in a quiet residential area. At the end of the street you can find a great bakery, supermarket, cafe's and restaurants that are popular with locals. Y","The apartment is in a quiet residential area. At the end of the street you can find a great bakery, supermarket, cafe's and restaurants that are popular with locals. You don't need public transport to find everything you need.",A tram stop is around the corner. From here you'll reach all of Amsterdam. Central station is only 15 minutes. From Central station you can take one of the free ferry's to the North side of Amsterdam....or take a train and explore contemporary architecture in the modern city Rotterdam (Amsterdam-Rotterdam is around 50 minutes) .,"To use Instant Book, you must be 30 or over. If you are not, then just send me a message - I am quick to reply Apartment is left behind as you found it. Clean, tidy and in good condition. Please be acoustically gentle to our neighbours  No smoking/drugs and parties allowed Please treat our apartment as if it was yours, we'd do the same in your home"
