,"The room consists of a great living room ,  and a bedroom with 2 double beds and a single bed ,  with a view facing the garden. It has its own ensuite bathroom with a bath and the use of its own fully equipped kitchen.(PLEASE NOTE THE KITCHEN IS SHARED AND THERE IS NO OVEN OR STOVE, ONLY MICROWAVE, FRIDGE AND PLATES ect. )   The grand chandelier, the exclusive décor, the original wooden floor, the extremely high ceilings and the fact that there is lots of light coming in from both front and back of the house makes this a wonderfully grand living space. It is situated opposite the Vondelpark in the heart of Amsterdam with a  5 minutes walk to museums, the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk and of course the famous Concertgebouw  and the center.  Extra guests pay 42€/night.The  area is superb with a cross the house supermarket, biological store, bakery, lots of restaurants and shops. The Vondel park is across the street and we are 2 minutes way from the PC hoofdstraat which is th","The room consists of a great living room ,  and a bedroom with 2 double beds and a single bed ,  with a view facing the garden. It has its own ensuite bathroom with a bath and the use of its own fully equipped kitchen.(PLEASE NOTE THE KITCHEN IS SHARED AND THERE IS NO OVEN OR STOVE, ONLY MICROWAVE, FRIDGE AND PLATES ect. )   The grand chandelier, the exclusive décor, the original wooden floor, the extremely high ceilings and the fact that there is lots of light coming in from both front and back of the house makes this a wonderfully grand living space. It is situated opposite the Vondelpark in the heart of Amsterdam with a  5 minutes walk to museums, the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk and of course the famous Concertgebouw  and the center.  Extra guests pay 42€/night.The  area is superb with a cross the house supermarket, biological store, bakery, lots of restaurants and shops. The Vondel park is across the street and we are 2 minutes way from the PC hoofdstraat which is th",,,Clients only
