"Great luxury apartment, with all the luxury you could wish for. Clean, safe and with a parking place underground as a unique extra in the city of Amsterdam! Fast WIFI, 2 HD TV's, large bathtub, private entrance, supermarket and restaurants 100 meters away and public transport around the corner. RAI is within sight, so Schiphol Airport is reachable within 15 minutes! What more could you wish for? :-)","This great apartment (with free parking place), situated on ground floor, has a very nice kitchen and good quality furniture. It is located in the South of Amsterdam, the Rivierenbuurt, and is just a few minutes from the WTC business district and the popular district of De Pijp. Some special features: - 2 minutes from Station RAI - 5 minutes on bicycle to the De Pijp - 10 minutes on bicycle to the Centre of Amsterdam - Nearby exits of highway A10 and A2 - Beatrix-, Amstel- en Martin Luther Kingpark are within 2 minutes walk - Amstel-river at walking distance which is a great area for running and cycling to Ouderkerk a/dAmstel and further - Several supermarkets, bakery, greenery at walking distance - Lots of different international restaurants like Japanese, Korean, French and Italian restaurants nearby. - Located near shopping streets, restaurants and several recreational parks This apartment, built in 2010, has a modern interior style. The 90m2 completely furnished property has 1 huge","Great luxury apartment, with all the luxury you could wish for. Clean, safe and with a parking place underground as a unique extra in the city of Amsterdam! Fast WIFI, 2 HD TV's, large bathtub, private entrance, supermarket and restaurants 100 meters away and public transport around the corner. RAI is within sight, so Schiphol Airport is reachable within 15 minutes! What more could you wish for? :-) This great apartment (with free parking place), situated on ground floor, has a very nice kitchen and good quality furniture. It is located in the South of Amsterdam, the Rivierenbuurt, and is just a few minutes from the WTC business district and the popular district of De Pijp. Some special features: - 2 minutes from Station RAI - 5 minutes on bicycle to the De Pijp - 10 minutes on bicycle to the Centre of Amsterdam - Nearby exits of highway A10 and A2 - Beatrix-, Amstel- en Martin Luther Kingpark are within 2 minutes walk - Amstel-river at walking distance which is a great area for runnin",,"Apartment is well located near public transport like train, metro and buses. Renting à bike is possible within 250 meter. Close to the city centre and the highway. It's about 2 minutes walking to the RAI",- No smoking - No pets - No drugs
