Hip area!  Lots of Space & Roof terrace!! You feel at home in our spacious 3 bedroom apartment. It has a true city feeling and great views from the roof terrace.   Is centrally located  in a small quite street. Just 2 blocks from Vondelpark.,"Get The Real AMSTERDAM Experience !! Feel welcome in our 19th Centuary house, the Beautifull & Spacious Apartment  with great views  from the roof terrace. Apartment is including towels and bedding (Website hidden by Airbnb) The area is a  Cousy & Hip Neighborhood, with lot's of  Cafe's, Coffee bars,  Smal Shops, Boutiques and  2 minute walk from Vondelpark. Enjoy the beautiful colors of spring in the park and the canals. Have a coffee on a terrace. All just minutes away from our home. The appartment,  It is a two floor appartment (3rd & 4th floor) &  Roof terrace &  Bath & 3 Airy bedrooms WELCOME TO OUR HOME  !! The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer.  Ideal situated, 5 to 10 min from anywhere in town. 100 m  meters from the park. Really nice neighbourhood  with lots of restaurants and cafe's, small terrace's open all day and evenings. Very suitbale for 5 adults or family with 3 children. Many playgrounds around the house + free childern swin","Hip area!  Lots of Space & Roof terrace!! You feel at home in our spacious 3 bedroom apartment. It has a true city feeling and great views from the roof terrace.   Is centrally located  in a small quite street. Just 2 blocks from Vondelpark. Get The Real AMSTERDAM Experience !! Feel welcome in our 19th Centuary house, the Beautifull & Spacious Apartment  with great views  from the roof terrace. Apartment is including towels and bedding (Website hidden by Airbnb) The area is a  Cousy & Hip Neighborhood, with lot's of  Cafe's, Coffee bars,  Smal Shops, Boutiques and  2 minute walk from Vondelpark. Enjoy the beautiful colors of spring in the park and the canals. Have a coffee on a terrace. All just minutes away from our home. The appartment,  It is a two floor appartment (3rd & 4th floor) &  Roof terrace &  Bath & 3 Airy bedrooms WELCOME TO OUR HOME  !! The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer.  Ideal situated, 5 to 10 min from anywhere in town. 10","Are neighborhood is a lovely mix between 'original' population and a nice influx of other poeple. It is a very lively neighborhood with many coffee bars, cafe's, little restaurants, boutiques etc. You are next to the Vondelpark and have good access to public transport.",Best is to walk from our house. all very near! Tram 1 and 17 will take you into the center or Station ,"Nice people who feel comfortable in our house and enjoy the area.  If you water our plants on the roof terrace and feed the cats!, we will be super happy!!! Just be tidy like in your own place and be bit quite in the late evening. That's all AND enjoy the city!!!"
