A restored and well-appointed cabin in a peaceful yet bohemian neighbourhood just 10 mins by tram from the city centre. Located on the IJmeer to the east of the city. Parking available,"If you're looking for a great place to stay in Amsterdam that's a little different, The Bedstay is an ideal choice. Suitable for 2 people, it's a cosy renovated cabin, beautifully restored to a high standard, located in a quiet, artistic area to the east of the City. It's just a few minutes' walk from the tram stop Zuiderzeeweg - so it's ideally situated for a relaxing few days exploring the City. The Bedstay is light, clean and airy, with a super-comfortable bed (bedstee) built into the wall in the traditional Dutch style. There's a shower room with toilet and washbasin, and a small living area with table and two chairs. Tea, coffee and some tasty Dutch snacks are provided. Free Wi-Fi is provided (although it can be a little slow) and there is a plentiful supply of hot water. Very tall guests will need to be careful with the low beam (1.85) in the room but I have padded it with foam at the crucial point!","A restored and well-appointed cabin in a peaceful yet bohemian neighbourhood just 10 mins by tram from the city centre. Located on the IJmeer to the east of the city. Parking available If you're looking for a great place to stay in Amsterdam that's a little different, The Bedstay is an ideal choice. Suitable for 2 people, it's a cosy renovated cabin, beautifully restored to a high standard, located in a quiet, artistic area to the east of the City. It's just a few minutes' walk from the tram stop Zuiderzeeweg - so it's ideally situated for a relaxing few days exploring the City. The Bedstay is light, clean and airy, with a super-comfortable bed (bedstee) built into the wall in the traditional Dutch style. There's a shower room with toilet and washbasin, and a small living area with table and two chairs. Tea, coffee and some tasty Dutch snacks are provided. Free Wi-Fi is provided (although it can be a little slow) and there is a plentiful supply of hot water. Very tall guests will need ","The Bedstay is situated, within the ring road, on Zeeburg Island. A quiet area in the east of Amsterdam on the IJmeer. The citycentre is easily accessible from here. It is also a good starting point for beautiful walking or cycling routes through the small fishing villages  along the IJsselmeer and the green area Waterland. ",Tram 26 from Zuiderzeeweg brings you to the Central Station within 10 minutes.  Bikes can be rented in the area.,Binnen niet roken
