I love to travel and I love yoga and spiritual healing. My apartment is very clean and very light and has a very positive energy altogether. I love living there and I know you will as well!,"Private Apartment Fantastic Private Apartment, with one bedroom in a modern building, with an amazing living room and balcony in one of the best locations to discover Amsterdam   Dear Guest(s), I am renting out my appartment, a very relaxed and quiet place in a wonderful location just minutes away from the city centre of Amsterdam.    The apartment is serviced by;   - Modern Kitchen - Living room - Private Balcony - Queen Sized Double Bed - Private Bathroom with a Bath - TV - WiFi Internet Connection   The Location: The appartment is located on the Westerdok in Amsterdam. The Westerdok was built about 5 years ago in a unique location.  The City Centre is only a 10 minute walk away,but even better, Amsterdam's finest and most famous area, The Jordaan, is only a 5 minute walk away.  The Jordaan is the most pitoresque part of Amsterdam with the best canals, best and most diverse Restaurants & Bars you will find anywhere in Amsterdam.  If you want to find out about the true Amsterdam, the ","I love to travel and I love yoga and spiritual healing. My apartment is very clean and very light and has a very positive energy altogether. I love living there and I know you will as well! Private Apartment Fantastic Private Apartment, with one bedroom in a modern building, with an amazing living room and balcony in one of the best locations to discover Amsterdam   Dear Guest(s), I am renting out my appartment, a very relaxed and quiet place in a wonderful location just minutes away from the city centre of Amsterdam.    The apartment is serviced by;   - Modern Kitchen - Living room - Private Balcony - Queen Sized Double Bed - Private Bathroom with a Bath - TV - WiFi Internet Connection   The Location: The appartment is located on the Westerdok in Amsterdam. The Westerdok was built about 5 years ago in a unique location.  The City Centre is only a 10 minute walk away,but even better, Amsterdam's finest and most famous area, The Jordaan, is only a 5 minute walk away.  The Jordaan is the","The Jordaan is the most pitoresque part of Amsterdam with the best canals, best and most diverse Restaurants & Bars you will find anywhere in Amsterdam.  If you want to find out about the true Amsterdam, the Jordaan is where you will find it!",you are 5 minutes walking from Central Station where all forms of public transport are available The Jordaan and the city itself are all a 5-10 minute walk away. PERFECT!,no dogs allowed
