"Huge loft space (220m2) eclectic decorated by artists in lively residential area.(parts have 5 meters high ceilings) Great for families or group of friends;  more additional space on request! Very spacious living with open plan kitchen and fireplace. Modern walk-inn shower space Close to all connections.  Takes you 4 minutes to Central Station and 8 minutes to Leidse Plein.  Have a look at my ""little Tsarina"" for references!https://www.airbnb.nl/rooms/364728","From now on we donate for every new booking to AMREF flying doctors! We offer a large and beautiful home, loft look a like near the city center of Amsterdam with a private parking spot behind the house.  Outside deck with a view on the park which lays behind our house. The apartment (250 square meters) has been designed by us. 7 minutes by bike or public transport to the central station.  This upcoming creative east citycenter neighbourhood is a relaxed place to hang out and enjoy the eclectic shops, go for a coffee or fine dining and wining in one of the many hip cafe's and restaurants that this area has to offer. Shopping at markets is around the corner and boutiqueshops in the Czaar Peterstraat. nearby public transit:Tramline in front of the house to city centre and tramline to central station 3 minutes walk  5 MINUTES BY TRAM FROM CENTRAL STATION AND 10 MINUTES FROM THE FAMOUS LEIDSE PLEIN SQUARE PARK AND PLAYGROUND BEHIND THE HOUSE WATER TO SWIM IN THE CITY WITH CHILDREN 7 MINUTES","Huge loft space (220m2) eclectic decorated by artists in lively residential area.(parts have 5 meters high ceilings) Great for families or group of friends;  more additional space on request! Very spacious living with open plan kitchen and fireplace. Modern walk-inn shower space Close to all connections.  Takes you 4 minutes to Central Station and 8 minutes to Leidse Plein.  Have a look at my ""little Tsarina"" for references!https://www.airbnb.nl/rooms/364728 From now on we donate for every new booking to AMREF flying doctors! We offer a large and beautiful home, loft look a like near the city center of Amsterdam with a private parking spot behind the house.  Outside deck with a view on the park which lays behind our house. The apartment (250 square meters) has been designed by us. 7 minutes by bike or public transport to the central station.  This upcoming creative east citycenter neighbourhood is a relaxed place to hang out and enjoy the eclectic shops, go for a coffee or fine dining ","neighborhood:  Small art and design companies around on every corner mixed with amazing food from around the world. What about visiting Artis, eating at Jamie Oliver's Fifteen and end your evening in Club Panama or inner beach club Roest after some french tapas and entrecotes at Rosa&Rita which are only a 3 min. walk from the apartment.  Inner Beach club Roest at the waterfront 5 minutes walk. Small coffee and coffeeshops, breakfast place Helena Primakoff across the apartment , bakeries and supermarkets are nearby as well. Nice parc for pick nicks behind the house Famous markets/ Zoo and beer breweries (Windmill brewery) close by as the famous Heineken beer brewery. The best regular daily multicultural food & fish & clothing market is on walking distance. The Wallen red light district is  a 10 minutes Walk. Also nice pubs and restaurants close by like Pata Negra Tapas and Jamie Oliver.. The KNSM Island , famous for its modern Architecture is  3 minutes by tram. Science Museum Nemo – gr",Public trams nearby around the corner 30 seconds walk. 5 MINUTES BY TRAM FROM CENTRAL STATION AND 10 MINUTES FROM THE FAMOUS LEIDSE PLEIN SQUARE park&ride parking station 3 minutes away.,"SMOKING ALLOWED ON THE BALCONY/DECK OUTSIDE and no ""private"" parties with loud noise because the apartment is part of an old school and more people are living in this building. For the rest you're free as a bird:) Please no food rests, or dirty dishes on the sink or a full dirty dishwasher. Empty the fridge and bring your trash to the trash bins. Price anyway  always negotiable. For ""unexpected"" guests we ask an extra 90 euro per guest. Children above 4 are paying customers."
