,"If you like to experience a typical cosy Amsterdam house, this is your chance! :) Our house was build back in 1600. The layout is famous for Amsterdam with lot's of layers, little stairs and a front and back house. It contains 5 floors and quite some little stairs. The house is in perfect state with wooden beams ceiling, original details and a mix of colour, danish design furniture and art.  The house is suitable for 3 adults or a small family of 2 adults and 2 children. Large house, 120 m2, typical cosy basement kitchen, large living room, two bedrooms ( one bigger room on 1st floor, one smaller room with a single bed, one little room with a baby cod ), two bathrooms ( one with shower & bath and one with shower) and a patio. Everything you need is there. Fast wireless internet, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdryer, etc.  Kids are more then welcome since we have a 3 year old son and a 6 months old baby ourselves. Everything is tuned for kids savety.  This house is situated in a quite","If you like to experience a typical cosy Amsterdam house, this is your chance! :) Our house was build back in 1600. The layout is famous for Amsterdam with lot's of layers, little stairs and a front and back house. It contains 5 floors and quite some little stairs. The house is in perfect state with wooden beams ceiling, original details and a mix of colour, danish design furniture and art.  The house is suitable for 3 adults or a small family of 2 adults and 2 children. Large house, 120 m2, typical cosy basement kitchen, large living room, two bedrooms ( one bigger room on 1st floor, one smaller room with a single bed, one little room with a baby cod ), two bathrooms ( one with shower & bath and one with shower) and a patio. Everything you need is there. Fast wireless internet, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdryer, etc.  Kids are more then welcome since we have a 3 year old son and a 6 months old baby ourselves. Everything is tuned for kids savety.  This house is situated in a quite",,,Please take care of my place as much as I do. This includes:  - Absolutely no smoking.  - Take your shoes off inside.  - Clean up in the kitchen and bathroom after yourself.  - Tell me if you accidentally break something.  - Be mindful of the neighbours.  - Have a great stay.  Thanks.
