"You will have your own private floor with large double bed, bathroom with steam shower, sitting area with fireplace and pantry.","The Flying Pancake B&B offers two independant spacious suites in a monumental house in the  City Center of Amsterdam between mayor places of interest and public transport. The Captain's Suite gives the possibility, through its luxurious furnishing combined with historical elements to experience the ambience of a typical home in Amsterdam.  The historical roof construction in the Cook's suite gives this suite its specific character and with only a few adjustments it has resulted in a spacial livingroom with exciting views and a beautiful play with natural light. Both suites are equipped for one or two persons: with a double bed, a sitting area with fireplace, a pantry with espresso machine, tea, a microwave and mini-bar.  Both suites have their own luxurious bathroom in the suite, with a shower and steam room and toilet.  On the technical side: there are a Bang & Olufsen CD- and DVD-player and - TV and high speed internet access.  The Flying Pancake is established in a monumental house ","You will have your own private floor with large double bed, bathroom with steam shower, sitting area with fireplace and pantry. The Flying Pancake B&B offers two independant spacious suites in a monumental house in the  City Center of Amsterdam between mayor places of interest and public transport. The Captain's Suite gives the possibility, through its luxurious furnishing combined with historical elements to experience the ambience of a typical home in Amsterdam.  The historical roof construction in the Cook's suite gives this suite its specific character and with only a few adjustments it has resulted in a spacial livingroom with exciting views and a beautiful play with natural light. Both suites are equipped for one or two persons: with a double bed, a sitting area with fireplace, a pantry with espresso machine, tea, a microwave and mini-bar.  Both suites have their own luxurious bathroom in the suite, with a shower and steam room and toilet.  On the technical side: there are a Bang","Our neighborhood is very centrally located. Restaurants, shops and most places of interest can easily be reached on foot. Despite its central location it is a very quiet and safe street.","Tram ans metro stops are nearby, as well as bike rental place.","We hope you feel at home at The Flying Pancake B&B! Our B&B is a non-smoking building. As the two suites have a separate entrance from the street, you can come and go whenever you like, there is no curfew.  In order to serve you the breakfast of your choice, please select your preferences from our menu one day ahead."
