"A spacious, comfortable, beautifully designed private apartment with garden access in Amsterdam. Sleeps 2-4. Situated near the centre of Amsterdam in a quiet friendly neighbourhood with a good selection of restaurants and shops and parks.","A spacious, comfortable, beautifully designed private apartment with garden access in Amsterdam. The bedroom has a double bed 160/200cm (or two separate beds 80x200cm) and in the sitting room is a very comfortable couch which can be turned into a bed of 160/200cm. The couch can also be turned into two separate beds (80x200 cm) or half bed and half couch. The rooms are separated by a sliding door. The kitchen is fully equipped kitchen with fridge, electric stove, dishwasher, microwave/oven, nespresso and a dining space for 4. French doors open to the garden where you can sit and relax on a private terrace - weather permitting. The apartment is non smoking but smoking (tabacco only) is permitted in the garden. We are situated in a quiet, safe, friendly neighbourhood with a good selection of restaurants and shops and parks. Tram 9 takes you to the centre in just 10 minutes but if you prefer to get around like the locals you can rent bicycles very near us.","A spacious, comfortable, beautifully designed private apartment with garden access in Amsterdam. Sleeps 2-4. Situated near the centre of Amsterdam in a quiet friendly neighbourhood with a good selection of restaurants and shops and parks. A spacious, comfortable, beautifully designed private apartment with garden access in Amsterdam. The bedroom has a double bed 160/200cm (or two separate beds 80x200cm) and in the sitting room is a very comfortable couch which can be turned into a bed of 160/200cm. The couch can also be turned into two separate beds (80x200 cm) or half bed and half couch. The rooms are separated by a sliding door. The kitchen is fully equipped kitchen with fridge, electric stove, dishwasher, microwave/oven, nespresso and a dining space for 4. French doors open to the garden where you can sit and relax on a private terrace - weather permitting. The apartment is non smoking but smoking (tabacco only) is permitted in the garden. We are situated in a quiet, safe, friendly ","Amsterdam's District of Oost ('east') encompasses the areas of Plantage, Oosterparkbuurt, Indische buurt, Dapperbuurt and Amstel. Oost is strikingly green and spacious, yet it also has plenty of sights and opportunities for shopping, eating and drinking on offer.  For busy Amsterdam nightlife you can easily take the tram into the city centre but for a good meal and a pleasant evening out there is a great selection in our neighborhood which is home to some of the city's most highly-regarded restaurants: De Kas (who grow food in their own greenhouses), Merkelbach (slowfood in a park) and Riva (with beautiful views over the Amstel River). In addition there are also a lot of smaller less expensive restaurants just around the corner.","Schiphol Airport is 20 minutes away. You can take the train to Amsterdam Central Station and tram 9 to us or if you want a taxi pick up we know a very reliable company, just ask us. Amsterdam has paid parking throughout the city. During the day it is easy to find a parking space in our neighbourhood. In the evening it will take you a little bit longer. We can help you book tickets online or you can pay at the machine at the corner with a creditcard.",No smoking inside the house but you are free to smoke (tabacco) in the garden.
