"A bright and cozy studio in a nice neighborhood. The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk Museum are just around the corner. Also there is a tramstop (24 and 16) close by that will take you more to the city center. Overall, a fantastic location!","A bright and cozy studio in a nice neighborhood. The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk Museum are just around the corner. Also there is a tramstop (24 and 16) close by that will take you more to the city center. Overall, a fantastic location! It's a beautiful bright studio in the Museum district. The studio has everything to make you feel right at home! Amsterdam is world-famous for its museums. The most renowned, such as the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum are conveniently located close to each other in the colorful Museum Quarter. This prestigious area is also bursting with unique shops, café’s and restaurants – making it a wonderful place to spend a day, or two! The guests have acces to: - Samsung Led TV - Apple TV (Netflix) - DVD player You can call/text me whenever you want, that's no problem at all. The beautiful Museumsquare is just around the corner.  That also counts for the Albert Cuyp market, the famous market that you should definitely check out! A really nice/friendly ar","A bright and cozy studio in a nice neighborhood. The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk Museum are just around the corner. Also there is a tramstop (24 and 16) close by that will take you more to the city center. Overall, a fantastic location! A bright and cozy studio in a nice neighborhood. The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk Museum are just around the corner. Also there is a tramstop (24 and 16) close by that will take you more to the city center. Overall, a fantastic location! It's a beautiful bright studio in the Museum district. The studio has everything to make you feel right at home! Amsterdam is world-famous for its museums. The most renowned, such as the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum are conveniently located close to each other in the colorful Museum Quarter. This prestigious area is also bursting with unique shops, café’s and restaurants – making it a wonderful place to spend a day, or two! The guests have acces to: - Samsung Led TV - Apple TV (Netflix) - DVD player Yo","The beautiful Museumsquare is just around the corner.  That also counts for the Albert Cuyp market, the famous market that you should definitely check out! A really nice/friendly area, to take a stroll and enjoy Amsterdam.",The studio is situated next to a Tram Station (16) that will go to Amsterdam Central Station.,"Smoking is not allowed inside, only on the balcony. Put your cigaret out under the crane and put it in the bin. Please, don't throw it away outside :-) Remember that it's a friendly neighborhood, so make sure you don't make to much noise. Thank you in advance!"
