"Quiet but Central. Surrounded by city and nature. This is the real Amsterdam and you are welcome to stay in my appartement, which is situated between the always lively Westerpark and the beautiful Jordaan! You will feel at home in this neighborhood with cafes, bars, restaurants, movie theaters, supermarkets and bike rental all on walking distance. From the apartment it is very easy to get to the city center by foot (20 min walk), by tram (10 min to Leidse Plein), by bike (10 min).","The appartment has a spacious living room with big windows facing the North with a small French balcony. At the back of the house there is one big bedroom, a small bathroom and a kitchen with access to the balcony. This is not a very touristic area and therefore you can experience and enjoy the real Amsterdam. The appartment is located in a quiet street but is very central located.","Quiet but Central. Surrounded by city and nature. This is the real Amsterdam and you are welcome to stay in my appartement, which is situated between the always lively Westerpark and the beautiful Jordaan! You will feel at home in this neighborhood with cafes, bars, restaurants, movie theaters, supermarkets and bike rental all on walking distance. From the apartment it is very easy to get to the city center by foot (20 min walk), by tram (10 min to Leidse Plein), by bike (10 min). The appartment has a spacious living room with big windows facing the North with a small French balcony. At the back of the house there is one big bedroom, a small bathroom and a kitchen with access to the balcony. This is not a very touristic area and therefore you can experience and enjoy the real Amsterdam. The appartment is located in a quiet street but is very central located. Make use of the comfi living room! Sleep in a bed which is provided with fresh and clean linen. The small bathroom with toilet is","Look outside and you see the Westerpark, in this cultural park there is always something to do! There is a movie theater, clubs, cafe's and restaurants. Different festivals are organized here (also ADE). The Jordaan (famous Amsterdam neighbourhood) is on walking distance, as well as the haarlemmerstraat which is a very good shopping area.","You can reach the appartment within 10 min from central station with bus 21 (2 min walk from the bus stop). Exploring Amsterdam: You can take tram 10 which goes directly to Leidseplein (entertainment area) , the museum district and de Pijp (Albert Cuijp Market) area this is all within 10-15 minutes. You can also decide to switch connection of the tram in the direction of Dam square (red light district). The best way to explore Amsterdam is on a bike! (bike rent available on walking distance)  Or explore Amsterdam from the canals: try a canal cruise!",Please don't make a lot of noise after 10 PM.
