"-500mtr from RAI centre and Rai Station. -15 min. from Schiphol airport -Shops on walking distance -Public transport opposite front door. -Close to the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum.","500 mtrs of RAI exhibitition centre!! Location:  LESS THAN 10 MIN FROM AMSTERDAM CITY CENTRE!! -Walking distance from RAI centre and Rai Station. -15 min. from Schiphol airport -Shops on walking distance -Public transport opposite front door. -Close to the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. *APARTMENT -Luxury chique -Clean, Stylish, Classic style. -Basic needs for business travelers included; such as WIFI, shampoo and amenities, cable television. We also can arrange boat trips with our own boat including catering up to 10 persons.  *LOCATION: Perfectly positioned apartment in Amsterdam-South. Very quiet area. Only 15 minutes from Schiphol Amsterdam Airport and on walking distance from RAI and RAI station. Shops, metro in vicinity. Equipped with everything you need for your stay: from WiFi internet and iPhone/MP3 stereo connections for the sound system, washing machine with dryer, cable TV, and the essential Nespresso coffee machine. The apartment features a very well eq","-500mtr from RAI centre and Rai Station. -15 min. from Schiphol airport -Shops on walking distance -Public transport opposite front door. -Close to the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. 500 mtrs of RAI exhibitition centre!! Location:  LESS THAN 10 MIN FROM AMSTERDAM CITY CENTRE!! -Walking distance from RAI centre and Rai Station. -15 min. from Schiphol airport -Shops on walking distance -Public transport opposite front door. -Close to the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. *APARTMENT -Luxury chique -Clean, Stylish, Classic style. -Basic needs for business travelers included; such as WIFI, shampoo and amenities, cable television. We also can arrange boat trips with our own boat including catering up to 10 persons.  *LOCATION: Perfectly positioned apartment in Amsterdam-South. Very quiet area. Only 15 minutes from Schiphol Amsterdam Airport and on walking distance from RAI and RAI station. Shops, metro in vicinity. Equipped with everything you need for yo","Located in a district called ‘rivierenbuurt’, south part of the city. An area will beautiful historic building from the ‘30’s. Situated close to the Rai exhibition centre. Also walking distance to supermarkets, boutiques, restaurants. An very close to an vibrant area called ‘the Pijp’ which is often compared with Montmartre in Paris.",The best way to explore Amsterdam is by foot or bike. Public transport is also very easy and cheap.,"Dear Guests, To avoid misunderstandings I have set up these house-rules. I am  are sure you'll understand the necessity to have them written down. I expect my guest to leave the apartment in the same state as it was when they arrived. RESPECT: I live in a building with very kind neighbors who are very dear to me. Please respect their privacy in terms of noise pollution, especially after 10pm. So please considerate( no parties, loud music etc) PETS: No pets allowed without my permission.  SAFETY: No open flames (because of insurances). So no smoking or candle burning. I expect my guest to respect my properties and do not take anything with them that belong to me. Also I do not permit anyone other than those in the original guest list to have access to my house. Please do not invite your friends, relatives or people you have met without my permission. DRUGS:  Other than prescription medication, no drugs or illegal substances are permitted. ALCOHOL: Please enjoy your wine , beer or other "
