"Cozy & characteristic, fully equipped studio. Located in a small side street within in the canal district. The museum square, inspiring art galleries, all the major shopping streets, lovely restaurants, bars, cafes are all around the corner.","Set in a protected 17th century house in the heart of old Amsterdam, the Weavery offers the unique character and style of a boutique hotel, with the personal service and homey comfort of a family run bed & breakfast. The Weavery is as perfectly located as can be imagined. We are just 5 minutes walk from the museum square and a short stroll from all the big theaters. All the main shopping areas like Leidestraat, the 9 Streets and PC Hooftstraat are just around the corner and so are many lovely cafes and restaurants. OUR ROOMS ""Gezelligheid"" (roughly translated it means cozy and pleasant) we keep top of mind at the Weavery. Another key characteristic is independence. Each room is equipped to a high standard with private bath and w/c, coffee/tea making facilities as well as a fridge and microwave. Our charming rooms feel like a home away from home. In short, we designed the Weavery to feel more like a pied-à-terre than a hotel or traditional bed & breakfast. We have two rooms to offer. Th","Cozy & characteristic, fully equipped studio. Located in a small side street within in the canal district. The museum square, inspiring art galleries, all the major shopping streets, lovely restaurants, bars, cafes are all around the corner. Set in a protected 17th century house in the heart of old Amsterdam, the Weavery offers the unique character and style of a boutique hotel, with the personal service and homey comfort of a family run bed & breakfast. The Weavery is as perfectly located as can be imagined. We are just 5 minutes walk from the museum square and a short stroll from all the big theaters. All the main shopping areas like Leidestraat, the 9 Streets and PC Hooftstraat are just around the corner and so are many lovely cafes and restaurants. OUR ROOMS ""Gezelligheid"" (roughly translated it means cozy and pleasant) we keep top of mind at the Weavery. Another key characteristic is independence. Each room is equipped to a high standard with private bath and w/c, coffee/tea makin",,,"Please note our strict non-smoking policy. Also, please know that our place is very dear to us. We have spent a lot of effort to make it look and feel the way it does and we would love to share it with people that appreciate its style, beauty and history and who will give it the respect and love that it deserves."
