"The apartment is located in the Jordaan area at the centre of Amsterdam, which is undoubtly the best place to stay in this city. The apartment is within a short distance from most of Amsterdam’s important sites and attractions, like Anne Frank House","The apartment is located in the Jordaan area at the centre of Amsterdam – which is undoubtly the best place to stay in this city. The apartment is within a short distance from most of Amsterdam’s important sites and attractions, such as the Dam square, Anne Frank House, the red light district, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Amsterdam Hermitage-museum, Westerpark (lot of nice funny and crowded festivals), and the nine streets (nice shopping area). Furthermore, many of Amsterdam's most popular restaurants and bars are also within this range. At 100 meters from the appartment you will find the best shoppingstreet in the Netherlands: the Haarlemmerstraat: Here you will find lots of nice small, authentic and funny shops, restaurants, bars, cafés, and is only 2 minutes walk from the apartment.","The apartment is located in the Jordaan area at the centre of Amsterdam, which is undoubtly the best place to stay in this city. The apartment is within a short distance from most of Amsterdam’s important sites and attractions, like Anne Frank House The apartment is located in the Jordaan area at the centre of Amsterdam – which is undoubtly the best place to stay in this city. The apartment is within a short distance from most of Amsterdam’s important sites and attractions, such as the Dam square, Anne Frank House, the red light district, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Amsterdam Hermitage-museum, Westerpark (lot of nice funny and crowded festivals), and the nine streets (nice shopping area). Furthermore, many of Amsterdam's most popular restaurants and bars are also within this range. At 100 meters from the appartment you will find the best shoppingstreet in the Netherlands: the Haarlemmerstraat: Here you will find lots of nice small, authentic and funny shops, restaurants, bars, cafés,","The apartment is located in the Jordaan area at the centre of Amsterdam – which is undoubtly the best place to stay in this city. The apartment is within a short distance from most of Amsterdam’s important sites and attractions, such as the Dam square, Anne Frank House, the red light district, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Amsterdam Hermitage-museum, Westerpark (lot of nice funny and crowded festivals), and the nine streets. Furthermore, many of Amsterdam's most popular restaurants and bars are also within this range. At 100 meters from the apartment you will find the best shopping-street in the Netherlands: the Haarlemmerstraat: Here you will find lots of nice small, authentic and funny shops, restaurants, bars, cafés, and is only 2 minutes walk from the apartment.","The apartment is easily accessible by all means of transportation (including boats…). Those arriving by car may use the public parking facility which is located about 2 minutes walk from the apartment (Willemspoort, tussen de bogen). Behind a big foodstore Albert Heijn (costs: 45,00 a day!!) . But better and much cheaper is to park your car on a P+ R and then take bus 21 till Haarlemmerplein, then is it only 2 minutes walking to my house.   From Schiphol Airport the most convenient way is by taxi: The ride takes 20-25 minutes and costs EUR 35-45 depending on the exact route and the amount of traffic.  Another way, which is cheaper and faster would be to take a train to Central Station Amsterdam from the exit of the arrival hall in Schiphol Airport. The ride takes 15 minutes and the price is about EUR 7 per person. If you arrive at the station you can take a taxi (3 minutes), or bus 18, 21 or 22 to Haarlemmerplein or just walk 15 minutes through the nicest street of the Netherlands: the",No smoking
