"Amsterdam:Toplocation: Private apartm. with priv.kitchen,shower,wc.Wasch.mach./dryer  7 min. walk to Centre:-Leidsepl.-Museumsquare and 3 min.to  -Vondelpark,De Roos. Bicycles. Very suitable for longer stay.","Very cosy apartment:Amadeus Amsterdam is located close to the centre: Nearby:Popcentre:Paradiso and the Melkweg Musea:Rijksmuseum,Stedelijk Museum en het Vincent van Gogh Museum.Classical music:Concertgebouw. Although you can walk to everything there are also   tramlines 1,3 and 12 very close which brings you everywhere. There are several restaurants and supermarkets. The apartment itselves has an own entrance,own (simple) kitchen and a own bathroom. There is in rhe apartment a seperate bedroom with a big bed. There is also a microwave and a fridge. The apartment is suitable for a longer stay: waschingmachine and a dryer.Linnens provided. If you want you get get two cycles. A pet and/or a baby is also welcome. The apartment is located in a very quiet street but very close to the centre!Welcome!","Amsterdam:Toplocation: Private apartm. with priv.kitchen,shower,wc.Wasch.mach./dryer  7 min. walk to Centre:-Leidsepl.-Museumsquare and 3 min.to  -Vondelpark,De Roos. Bicycles. Very suitable for longer stay. Very cosy apartment:Amadeus Amsterdam is located close to the centre: Nearby:Popcentre:Paradiso and the Melkweg Musea:Rijksmuseum,Stedelijk Museum en het Vincent van Gogh Museum.Classical music:Concertgebouw. Although you can walk to everything there are also   tramlines 1,3 and 12 very close which brings you everywhere. There are several restaurants and supermarkets. The apartment itselves has an own entrance,own (simple) kitchen and a own bathroom. There is in rhe apartment a seperate bedroom with a big bed. There is also a microwave and a fridge. The apartment is suitable for a longer stay: waschingmachine and a dryer.Linnens provided. If you want you get get two cycles. A pet and/or a baby is also welcome. The apartment is located in a very quiet street but very close to the ce","The apartment is in Old West in a very quiet street across a quiet square.  The centre is very close. Leidseplein.Museumplein and Vondelpark :5 minutes walk. New:De Hallen,a foodhall with also 9 cinema s","Tram 1 and 3 and 12 are around the corner. Tram 1:Damsquare,12 A;lbert Cuipmarket They will bring you erveywhere!",No smoking The door good locked NO extra quests permitted.
