Wonderful apartment on the top floor from a monumental house in the old centre from Amsterdam.,"The apartment is in a monumental house and located on the top floor.  Therefore the living room is very bright. It has a flat screen t.v. with cable, cd/dvd player and wifi.   Through the fully equipped kitchen (we like to cook…) you can reach the bathroom with toilet and shower.  The sleeping area is upstairs and from there you can reach our wonderful and spacious roof terrace from which you can see the famous Westerchurch with its beautiful tower. We are sure you will have a wonderful stay in our apartment.","Wonderful apartment on the top floor from a monumental house in the old centre from Amsterdam. The apartment is in a monumental house and located on the top floor.  Therefore the living room is very bright. It has a flat screen t.v. with cable, cd/dvd player and wifi.   Through the fully equipped kitchen (we like to cook…) you can reach the bathroom with toilet and shower.  The sleeping area is upstairs and from there you can reach our wonderful and spacious roof terrace from which you can see the famous Westerchurch with its beautiful tower. We are sure you will have a wonderful stay in our apartment. THE AREA: This location is just perfect for your visit to Amsterdam.  The quiet Laurierstraat, where the apartment is, is in the Jordaan district, just  off the Prinsengracht, part of the 17th century stunning canal belt which has been added to the Unesco World Heritage list. In the Jordaan district there are lots of art galleries, fashion boutiques, design shops, great restaurants and c","THE AREA: This location is just perfect for your visit to Amsterdam.  The quiet Laurierstraat, where the apartment is, is in the Jordaan district, just  off the Prinsengracht, part of the 17th century stunning canal belt which has been added to the Unesco World Heritage list. In the Jordaan district there are lots of art galleries, fashion boutiques, design shops, great restaurants and cosy bars. This neighbourhood is also famous for its markets at the Noordermarkt (Monday and Saturday), Lindengracht (Saturday) and Westerstraat (Monday). Almost everything you will want to visit in Amsterdam is in walking distance from our house; the Anne Frank house is around the corner,  just like the famous 9 streets shopping area.  The Dam square with the Royal Palace is only a 10 minute walk.  The museum square with the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk museum is a 15 minute walk.  Leidseplein, one of the major nightlife areas in town,  is even closer.  If you don’t like walking, no proble",,"In the apartment you will find an infoletter with info about  transport, supermarkets, wifi-code, how to use the equipment, etc. Please read this infoletter and respect the houserules. Failure to abide by the rules listed in the infoletter will result in a charge against the security deposit: - Smoking, pets, visitors, drugs and parties are not allowed. - Please do not make too much noise because of my neighbours. - Please keep the noise down after 22.30. - Do the dishes and clean up the kitchen. - Throw away your garbage. - Please make sure that the door is locked when you are out. THANK YOU!"
