Travel like a local with a home away from home. Welcome to Amsterdam in the hip and fashionable centrally located neighborhood ‘de Pijp’. The apartment 70m2 ; Our apartment is located on the third and fourth floor from our in 1903 build house.,"Travel like a local with a home away from home Welcome to Amsterdam in the hip and fashionable centrally located neighborhood ‘de Pijp’. The apartment 75m2 ;  Our apartment is located on the third and fourth floor from our in 1903 build house, with his beautiful canal view and in the center of the Fashion & Museum District.  The apartment is very spacious and bright and fully equipped.  On the third floor you will find the spacious living room with is typical Dutch kitchen, small but everything is there for your comfort, fridge, oven and dishwasser. There is also a little balcony at the back.  On the fourth floor is the bedroom located with a comfortable double bed with shower ensuite.  We will provide towels and bed linnen, toilet paper, tea and coffee and we welcome you with a nice wine in the fridge. There is wifi and a tv for you extra comfort. I will leave you a manual with all the instructions of the apartment together with some handy and up to date tips about Amsterdam The surro","Travel like a local with a home away from home Welcome to Amsterdam in the hip and fashionable centrally located neighborhood ‘de Pijp’. The apartment 75m2 ;  Our apartment is located on the third and fourth floor from our in 1903 build house, with his beautiful canal view and in the center of the Fashion & Museum District.  The apartment is very spacious and bright and fully equipped.  On the third floor you will find the spacious living room with is typical Dutch kitchen, small but everything is there for your comfort, fridge, oven and dishwasser. There is also a little balcony at the back.  On the fourth floor is the bedroom located with a comfortable double bed with shower ensuite.  We will provide towels and bed linnen, toilet paper, tea and coffee and we welcome you with a nice wine in the fridge. There is wifi and a tv for you extra comfort. I will leave you a manual with all the instructions of the apartment together with some handy and up to date tips about Amsterdam The surro","The apartment is situated  in a great central point. Close to all kind of restaurants and shops in the Museum district with Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk Museum and Rijksmuseum in short walking distance.","Easy accessible from Schiphol and Central Station. From Schiphol take a train to Station Rai and walk a bit. Central Station take tram 24, 16 or 25.",I expect my guests to handle and respect my apartment like you would expect me to do so at your own place. Please leave the apartment in the state that I have carefully provided it for you!
