"This 80 sqm apartment is not only big and cozy at the same time, it covers everything, a huge light living room, authentic bedroom and the best of all, a roof terrace. The neighborhood is young and trendy. ","Refurnished in 2012, our luxury, yet authentic home comes with a roof terrace, and is located a stone throw away from the Museum quarter with the van Gogh museum, Stedelijk museum and the recently renovated Rijksmuseum. Not to forget the concert gebouw (Concert hall), typical Dutch Albert Cuyp market and the extensive choice of bars and restaurants, all within walking distance.  ","This 80 sqm apartment is not only big and cozy at the same time, it covers everything, a huge light living room, authentic bedroom and the best of all, a roof terrace. The neighborhood is young and trendy.  Refurnished in 2012, our luxury, yet authentic home comes with a roof terrace, and is located a stone throw away from the Museum quarter with the van Gogh museum, Stedelijk museum and the recently renovated Rijksmuseum. Not to forget the concert gebouw (Concert hall), typical Dutch Albert Cuyp market and the extensive choice of bars and restaurants, all within walking distance.  You will find the apartment on the first floor of a 3 story 18th century building. It comes with an open kitchen - fully equipped, - a dining area and a cozy sitting area. At the front of the building you will find a large bedroom with a double bed, bathroom  and access at the backside to a lovely and sunny 25 sqm roof terrace. The connecting hallway gives access to a separate toilet and a closet with a wash","The Pijp is one of most enjoyable areas of Amsterdam. It is located at the Southern part of the City center with many many bars, boutiques, cafes, galleries and restaurants. Within walking distance you will find all world famous museums.","How to get there from the airport:  You can take bus 197 that will take you directly to Musuem Square in 20 minutes. From there it is a 7 minute walk to my apartment. Many tram and bus lines stop latterly at our doorstep. It will give you an easy connection to all parts of the city. So taking public transport is easy. However walking from our home to the top and more off the beaten track destinations is much more fun and a beautiful experience. Amsterdam is not big so everything is on walking  distance. The Dam Square, Central Station, Rembrandt square and Leidse square, all is easy to walk, even better – rent a bike from the bike shop next door and explore even more of the city.","Smoking and pets are not allowed. (Smoking only at the roof terrace). Please be considerate of the neighbors. Treat the place as your own and have a great time in Amsterdam! Loss of Keys will result in complete forfeit of the deposit (because all of the locks will need to be replaced!) Also, check in after 9PM is possible, but results in a 25 Euro fee. Only couples."
