"Attractive studio apartment in East Central Amsterdam, newly renovated. ","Suit 2-4 people (1 large bed & 1 double sofa bed). Very close to supermarket, pharmacy and all important coffee shop. Next to the famous Brouwerij 't IJ (IJ Brewery). On Tram Line 10 to Museum Square & Leidseplein entertainment area.  A light open studio apartment, 35 square meters. Bed is in a quiet corner of the apartment; not in the living room area. Modern kitchen with full size oven, microwave and dishwasher. Tastefully decorated, including DVD player and cable TV. On the 4th floor of a modern apartment building; no elevator, so some stairs to contend with. ","Attractive studio apartment in East Central Amsterdam, newly renovated.  Suit 2-4 people (1 large bed & 1 double sofa bed). Very close to supermarket, pharmacy and all important coffee shop. Next to the famous Brouwerij 't IJ (IJ Brewery). On Tram Line 10 to Museum Square & Leidseplein entertainment area.  A light open studio apartment, 35 square meters. Bed is in a quiet corner of the apartment; not in the living room area. Modern kitchen with full size oven, microwave and dishwasher. Tastefully decorated, including DVD player and cable TV. On the 4th floor of a modern apartment building; no elevator, so some stairs to contend with.  Wireless Broadband Internet, fully fitted kitchen. Clean; newly renovated bathroom.  (Website hidden by Airbnb) *****PARKING GARAGE***** For the guest who are coming to amsterdam by car the best option will be park and ride,hereby is the nearest to Amsterdam central. P+R SLOTERDIJK. ADDRESS:Piarcoplein 1 1043 DW Amsterdam I love to interact with my guest ","Trendy neighborhood in East Central Amsterdam, close to the Artis Amsterdam(Amsterdam Zoo). Next to the famous Brouwerij 't IJ (IJ Brewery) serving the best home made beers in Amsterdam, their terrace draws locals and visitors from all over the city with it's relaxed and fun atmosphere. Fruit and Vegetable shop in the building directly under the apartment. Pharmacy directly opposite apartment, supermarket, Coffee Shop, restaurants and snack bars within 200 meters. Close to parks which are perfect for a picnic or to relax and read in the sun. Just a few minutes walk from the Dapper Markt open air market, Mon-Sat 10am to 4.30pm.","The Tram Line 10 runs directly outside the apartment, going in the direction of Museum Square & Leidseplein entertainment area. City buses run within 200 meters of the apartment with direct links to Central Station. Tram Line 26 to central station is a 5 min walk from the apartment. Area is also serviced by night buses and all taxis service the area.","As the building is residential and other people will have to work, we would appreciate if guests were quiet on the stairways and do not make loud noise late at night."
