"My trendy appartment is probably best described as a penthouse at the groundfloor:). It is situated in one of the most populair upcomming neighbourhoods in the east of Amsterdam. Everything you need is at walking distance: bars, restaurants, shops, nightshop, musea, parks and the public transport!","Very arty, spacious and cosy 50m2 appartment by the famous Dutch architect Berlage. The building itself was build in 1914 and is listed as a monument. ","My trendy appartment is probably best described as a penthouse at the groundfloor:). It is situated in one of the most populair upcomming neighbourhoods in the east of Amsterdam. Everything you need is at walking distance: bars, restaurants, shops, nightshop, musea, parks and the public transport! Very arty, spacious and cosy 50m2 appartment by the famous Dutch architect Berlage. The building itself was build in 1914 and is listed as a monument.  The entire appartment. As a guest you can reach me if it is needed. Offcourse you are welcome to ask for tips etc.  The neighbourhood is very multicultural with the number 9 market of the world, the Dappermarkt (according to the National Geographic Traveler) arround the corner. You can go to musea (Tropenmuseum), the park (Oostepark, Flevopark), Artis (the zoo) or brewery het IJ to enjoy a good Amsterdam beer.  At 50 meters you wil find the tram, at another 50 meters the busses an in about 1 kilometer you can take the train at the Muiderpoort ","The neighbourhood is very multicultural with the number 9 market of the world, the Dappermarkt (according to the National Geographic Traveler) arround the corner. You can go to musea (Tropenmuseum), the park (Oostepark, Flevopark), Artis (the zoo) or brewery het IJ to enjoy a good Amsterdam beer. ","At 50 meters you wil find the tram, at another 50 meters the busses an in about 1 kilometer you can take the train at the Muiderpoort railwaystation. ","No smoking inside (I just stoped smoking myself:)). No noise, hard music etc after 22.00."
