"* Few minutes walk to metro 51, 53 and 54 that bring you in 4 stops to Central Station. * Two bedrooms, with a 2-person bed in every room (one of them with two 90cm matrasses, that could be used as single beds) and one 1-person in the main bedroom as well. If you come with 6 persons, I have an extra aerobed. * Two balconies, total of 10m2 * New kitchen and bathroom (2014)","The apartment is very light and spacious, and has a big living room and open kitchen that was placed in 2015. Fully equipped with dishwasher etcetera. Upstairs you find two bedrooms and a bathroom, also renewed in 2015. On both levels there are balcony's with great view over the city.","* Few minutes walk to metro 51, 53 and 54 that bring you in 4 stops to Central Station. * Two bedrooms, with a 2-person bed in every room (one of them with two 90cm matrasses, that could be used as single beds) and one 1-person in the main bedroom as well. If you come with 6 persons, I have an extra aerobed. * Two balconies, total of 10m2 * New kitchen and bathroom (2014) The apartment is very light and spacious, and has a big living room and open kitchen that was placed in 2015. Fully equipped with dishwasher etcetera. Upstairs you find two bedrooms and a bathroom, also renewed in 2015. On both levels there are balcony's with great view over the city. I've written down some nice places to visit and want you to enjoy Amsterdam as much as I do myself. There really is a lot to do in our neighborhood. The most trendy bars in town are on walking distance, as well as restaurants of all kinds as well. I am pleased to help you find out great (not so touristic) places if you want. It's a few m","There really is a lot to do in our neighborhood. The most trendy bars in town are on walking distance, as well as restaurants of all kinds as well. I am pleased to help you find out great (not so touristic) places if you want.","It's a few minutes walk to metro lines 51, 53 and 54 that bring you in 4 stops to Amsterdam Central Station, in just 1 stop to Amstelstation (Amsterdam Amstel). Parking is expensive, but you can park on P+R Zeeburg which is really affordable and take the bus to Beukenplein and walk from there in a few minutes to the apartment. Eventually, we might be able to arrange bikes for you as well, otherwise you can rent them close by. It will be able to walk to a lot of places from the apartment as well, due to the good location.","No smoking inside (no problem on balcony's), no drugs ofcourse. And no pets. We live in a quite neighborhood, so no parties, loud music or yelling at night. Cleaning You don’t have to clean the house when you stay at our place. But we do ask you to leave the house tidy, so that we can start directly cleaning when we arrive. You are staying in our house and not in a hotel, so we expect you to live up to these standards. When needed, you can use the vacuum cleaner (located right in the kitchen behind the basketcase) to clean. For the bathroom furniture we have a special detergent that is located on the top red shelve in the bathroom. When you leave If we are not there to check the house with you, please check if the heating system is turned down low (15 degrees), if all lights, blowers etcetera are turned off and all doors are closed."
