"This >110m2 2-story appartment offers you all you need to fully enjoy and explore the city. Comfortable, spacious and peaceful, with a funky city vibe. If you like food and culture, you'll love this place. The third floor offers a cooking Island and a lounge to relax and enjoy the canal view. You reach the fourth floor by an indoor stairs, where 2 bedrooms and luxurious bathroom with separate toilet offer more than enough privacy for families with children or two couples travelling together.","Double apartment (> 118m2) situated on the waterfront with open view of the city. On the 3rd floor is the spacious living room with open kitchen and cooking island. On the 4th floor are two bedrooms and a bathroom with bath and separete shower. On each floor there is a separate toilet. There is a roof terrace (> 35m2) which overlooks the entire city. The house is renovated in 2012. Guests have access to the entire apartment with two separate bedrooms. The property is located in Amsterdam Oud-West, near all amenities. Such as shops, public transportation but also many cafes. Within walking distance is the inner city with many museums (including the newly renovated Stedelijk Musem, Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank House). Public transport is nearby. The tram lines (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) are all on walking distance and take you anywhere you want in Amsterdam. The apartment is spacious and bright and offers something for people that want to stay longer in the town then only a weekend. I","This >110m2 2-story appartment offers you all you need to fully enjoy and explore the city. Comfortable, spacious and peaceful, with a funky city vibe. If you like food and culture, you'll love this place. The third floor offers a cooking Island and a lounge to relax and enjoy the canal view. You reach the fourth floor by an indoor stairs, where 2 bedrooms and luxurious bathroom with separate toilet offer more than enough privacy for families with children or two couples travelling together. Double apartment (> 118m2) situated on the waterfront with open view of the city. On the 3rd floor is the spacious living room with open kitchen and cooking island. On the 4th floor are two bedrooms and a bathroom with bath and separete shower. On each floor there is a separate toilet. There is a roof terrace (> 35m2) which overlooks the entire city. The house is renovated in 2012. Guests have access to the entire apartment with two separate bedrooms. The property is located in Amsterdam Oud-West, ","The Amsterdam Oud-West district is one of the most lively and trendy areas of the city. If you like shopping, you can explore vintage, indepent designer and sneaker shops around the corner. Marqt, the best Dutch organic shop is just around the corner if you like to buy and cook the best fresh vegetables, meat and fish. Within walking distance you'll find restaurants with tastes from all around the world, but also a nice cup of Dutch coffee or the famous Dutch 'haring' (raw fish). And don't forget to at least spend one night in de Hallen, the refurbished old tram remise, now a number 1 hot spot street food market & art house cinema.","Public transport is very close. There are multiple trams on walking distance which brings you all the outskirts of the City.  You can rent a bike on the corner of the street. From Schiphol Airport you are within 30 minutes at the apartment by train (station Lelylaan) and transfer to tram 17 (Kinkerstraat) .  Taking taxi is more comfortable and even quicker. Costs are approx. EUR 35,- (when there's no traffic jam).",Please behave as if it's your own apartment.
