"In the center of Amsterdam, near Dam Square. We offer 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a kitchen. The bedrooms are on the top two floors.  We are a family of 3 and we live mostly on the bottom two floors.","The Space occupies the third and fourth level. The main bedroom is on the second floor on the south side, which is the back of the house. It is quiet and sunny. The bed is king size and the bathroom has a tub. There is a kitchen and dining table outside the bedroom.  There is a staircase that leads to the third and top floor, which has a living room with vaulted ceilings.  There is a loft space with a bed in the highest point of the house.  The second bathroom is just below the loft and off the living space.  There is a terrace, which you can use, but ask you to keep the noise to a minimum especially after 9pm as our neighbors will complain.","In the center of Amsterdam, near Dam Square. We offer 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a kitchen. The bedrooms are on the top two floors.  We are a family of 3 and we live mostly on the bottom two floors. The Space occupies the third and fourth level. The main bedroom is on the second floor on the south side, which is the back of the house. It is quiet and sunny. The bed is king size and the bathroom has a tub. There is a kitchen and dining table outside the bedroom.  There is a staircase that leads to the third and top floor, which has a living room with vaulted ceilings.  There is a loft space with a bed in the highest point of the house.  The second bathroom is just below the loft and off the living space.  There is a terrace, which you can use, but ask you to keep the noise to a minimum especially after 9pm as our neighbors will complain. Our house is on a small pedestrian street. It is walking distance to Central station and most tourist attractions. We live mostly on the bottom fl",Amsterdam is a small city and we are right in the middle of it. The street is quiet and the location is close to everything.,"We are so close to central station and it is a short walk to our home. There are trams, buses, and the metro close by, which can get you to most places in the city. There is a parking garage close by and if you need to park a car, please contact me and I can help you with this.",
