"In  our typical Amsterdam house we offer two spacious and comfortable rooms with double beds. We live only minutes away on foot from Museum Quarter, Vondelpark, Leidseplein and the city centre. Both rooms have private bath rooms and there is a kitchen available.","We are Ange en Carel. We live in on three floors with a typical Amsterdam apartment. The bedrooms are on the second floor and the fourth floor. On the third floor there is a kitchen available for guests.  Our house is in a small building block in a quiet residential quarter that is only a few streets big. In the enclosed gardens there are trees with blackbirds and chickadees. We still often amaze ourselves at the peace and quiet of our house, while at the same time being so centrally located.","In  our typical Amsterdam house we offer two spacious and comfortable rooms with double beds. We live only minutes away on foot from Museum Quarter, Vondelpark, Leidseplein and the city centre. Both rooms have private bath rooms and there is a kitchen available. We are Ange en Carel. We live in on three floors with a typical Amsterdam apartment. The bedrooms are on the second floor and the fourth floor. On the third floor there is a kitchen available for guests.  Our house is in a small building block in a quiet residential quarter that is only a few streets big. In the enclosed gardens there are trees with blackbirds and chickadees. We still often amaze ourselves at the peace and quiet of our house, while at the same time being so centrally located. Both rooms have a private bathroom and toilet. On the top floor you will have direct access to the sunny roof garden with splendid view of the city. We are happy to help you on your way with tips about where to go, where to rent bikes or w","In our neighbourhood you'll find lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. It is a perfect base from which to explore the city and its surroundings.",Public transport is nearby; Schiphol Airport is only half an hour away by tram and train.,No smoking allowed in the house
