Our home offers the best of both worlds: a green neighborhood near a beautiful lake while the centre of Amsterdam is never far away.  The underground is within walking distance and will have you standing on the Dam square within 20 minutes.,"Our home offers the best of both worlds: a green and spacious multicultural neighborhood near a beautiful lake and nature park while the centre of Amsterdam is never far away.  The underground is within walking distance and will literally have you standing on the Dam Square in 20 minutes.  You can relax on the beach of the nearby Gaasperplas lake, or you can just stay in our lovely  garden. Our  three bedrooms can easily accommodate a family of four or five. ","Our home offers the best of both worlds: a green neighborhood near a beautiful lake while the centre of Amsterdam is never far away.  The underground is within walking distance and will have you standing on the Dam square within 20 minutes. Our home offers the best of both worlds: a green and spacious multicultural neighborhood near a beautiful lake and nature park while the centre of Amsterdam is never far away.  The underground is within walking distance and will literally have you standing on the Dam Square in 20 minutes.  You can relax on the beach of the nearby Gaasperplas lake, or you can just stay in our lovely  garden. Our  three bedrooms can easily accommodate a family of four or five. We own the house so you'll have access to all rooms and garden. We offer free parking, WiFi, television, kitchen and bathroom. You can even borrow our bikes! We'll be on vacation ourselves so we won't get in your way. We live in the South-East of Amsterdam, it's a lively multicultural area. Our ","We live in the South-East of Amsterdam, it's a lively multicultural area. Our neighborhood is fairly quiet though, with lots of families. You can walk or cycle to the Gaasperplas lake, enjoy the park or sit on the beach. Or you could visit some of the typical small villages on the edge of Amsterdam (such as beautiful Abcoude or Oudekerk aan de Amstel). If you want to visit the city centre, the underground station is only a 5 minute walk away and will have you in downtown Amsterdam in no time. If you're coming by car, there's free parking and the A9 motorway is within spitting distance.","If you want to visit the city centre, the underground station is only a 5 minute walk away and will have you in downtown Amsterdam in no time. If you're coming by car, there's free parking and the A9 motorway is within spitting distance. This gets you to and from Schiphol airport in about twenty minutes. ","We expect our guests to not break anything, not to smoke indoors and not to bring their pets. Other than that we mostly hope you'll feel at home here."
