,"The apartment is very light because of the big windows everywhere and it was recently repainted and refurnished. The place has its own private entrance and consists of 1 cosy bedroom, a very spacious living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and shower and a separate toilet. The bedroom has a closet and a queen-size bed for 2 people. Furthermore there are two sleeping couches in the living room where two additional persons can sleep.  It is located in the south of Amsterdam, only 10min away from the old center (by bike or public transport). The public transport connection is very good, there are several bus and tram stops close by. The neighbourhood is lively and not touristic, there are numerous shops, supermarkets, cafes and small stores just around the corner. The street itself is very quiet and green and there are parking possibilities in front of the house (there is also a P+R not too far from the apartment). There is also a very nice park next to the river Amstel, ","The apartment is very light because of the big windows everywhere and it was recently repainted and refurnished. The place has its own private entrance and consists of 1 cosy bedroom, a very spacious living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and shower and a separate toilet. The bedroom has a closet and a queen-size bed for 2 people. Furthermore there are two sleeping couches in the living room where two additional persons can sleep.  It is located in the south of Amsterdam, only 10min away from the old center (by bike or public transport). The public transport connection is very good, there are several bus and tram stops close by. The neighbourhood is lively and not touristic, there are numerous shops, supermarkets, cafes and small stores just around the corner. The street itself is very quiet and green and there are parking possibilities in front of the house (there is also a P+R not too far from the apartment). There is also a very nice park next to the river Amstel, ",,,no pets / no smoking / no parties in the apartment
