"Our spacious apartment is closer to the RAI conference center than any of the hotels! Strategically located in between the airport and the city center, this is the perfect place to discover our virbrant city.","Welcome to Amsterdam! We are looking forward to rent out our apartment to you.  It is build in the 'Amsterdamse school' style, architecture that is typical for the 30s and seen everywhere in the 'rivierenbuurt' (river district). Although strategically situated between the city center / Schiphol airport and RAI convention center, the apartment lies in a quiet and safe street and is easy to reach by taxi, (rental) car, bus, train, metro or tram or bike! Historical fact: Anne Frank lived in this neighborhood (her school is at the end of the street)  Around the corner: *Two supermarkets (less than 200m by foot) *Excellent Restaurants/bars and shops in both the Maasstraat & Scheldestraat (300m by foot) *500m walk from RAI convention center (closer than any of the hotels!) *Bicycle rental  Nearby: *Only 2 train stop away from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport (~approx. 20 minutes) *Tram 4 stops at the end of the street which takes you to city center in 20 minutes. *The famous Albert Cuyp market > 1","Our spacious apartment is closer to the RAI conference center than any of the hotels! Strategically located in between the airport and the city center, this is the perfect place to discover our virbrant city. Welcome to Amsterdam! We are looking forward to rent out our apartment to you.  It is build in the 'Amsterdamse school' style, architecture that is typical for the 30s and seen everywhere in the 'rivierenbuurt' (river district). Although strategically situated between the city center / Schiphol airport and RAI convention center, the apartment lies in a quiet and safe street and is easy to reach by taxi, (rental) car, bus, train, metro or tram or bike! Historical fact: Anne Frank lived in this neighborhood (her school is at the end of the street)  Around the corner: *Two supermarkets (less than 200m by foot) *Excellent Restaurants/bars and shops in both the Maasstraat & Scheldestraat (300m by foot) *500m walk from RAI convention center (closer than any of the hotels!) *Bicycle rent","Parallel to the Dintelstraat you will find the Maasstraat and Scheldestraat, both are filled with restaurants, bars, shops, bicycle shops, all the basics are there! We will have a printed map for you ready when you arrive.","A convenient way of getting around the city is using public transport, generally very good. GVB is the operator in Amsterdam and a day ticket (€7,50) will let your ride on all trams / metros and buses (but not the train!) for 24 hours. More info here: (URL HIDDEN) You can also plan your public transport itineraries via: (URL HIDDEN) (for all public transport in NL, they also have an app!) Bicycle rental There is a bicycle rental shop around the corner called 'Black Bikes RAI' Opt for the iAmsterdam City Card, it's €47 and will give you free public transport, a free canal cruise plus free entrance to all museums! Read more here: (URL HIDDEN)",Do's - Enjoy the city - Treat the house as it is yours - have a great stay - Have some coffee or tea Don'ts - Don't burn it down ;-).  - No more than two people - No sleeping on the couch/air mattress etc.  - No parties/drugs/smoking/ladies of pleasure or any combination of this in or around the house
