"Feel the vibe of Amsterdam, this is the perfect place to stay! It's a typical Amsterdam apartment with an extraordinary feature: it has 2 bathrooms! bath and shower TV blue-ray Sound system WiFi Kitchen fully equipped balcony with garden view","Very cozy and typical flat!  This is real Amsterdam. You will love the ''Amsterdam School'' architecture of the street. Two bathrooms (one with bath and one with shower) for extra comfort if you stay with a group.  You will comfortably stay with up to 4 people: my apartment is equipped with a double bed in the bedroom (140x190cm) and 2 designer sofa-beds in the living room (''real'' mattress quality): 150x200cm for 2 persons and 110x190cm for one person. I provide fresh sheets and comforters, towels, and toiletry; as well as breakfast (tea, coffee, fresh juice, bread, jam, Nutella...) Fully equipped, just bring your smile!","Feel the vibe of Amsterdam, this is the perfect place to stay! It's a typical Amsterdam apartment with an extraordinary feature: it has 2 bathrooms! bath and shower TV blue-ray Sound system WiFi Kitchen fully equipped balcony with garden view Very cozy and typical flat!  This is real Amsterdam. You will love the ''Amsterdam School'' architecture of the street. Two bathrooms (one with bath and one with shower) for extra comfort if you stay with a group.  You will comfortably stay with up to 4 people: my apartment is equipped with a double bed in the bedroom (140x190cm) and 2 designer sofa-beds in the living room (''real'' mattress quality): 150x200cm for 2 persons and 110x190cm for one person. I provide fresh sheets and comforters, towels, and toiletry; as well as breakfast (tea, coffee, fresh juice, bread, jam, Nutella...) Fully equipped, just bring your smile! Guests have access to the whole property Very little, a friend will bring you the keys. Most likely I am not in town if rentin","Quiet, very safe and cute neighborhood close to everything, well deserved by public transportation 5 min walk from street with all convenient stores such as supermarkets (Albert Heijn, Deen, Aldi), Apotheek, liquor store, butcher, cheese shop etc  2 min walk from a huge outdoor/indoor swimming pool with slides, waves, jacuzzi etc bring your swimming suits!  Across the street there is a big park and the Amstel river is 5 min away, super nice to take a walk or just go for a drink in the sunset!  You will receive a full list of addresses and tips prior to your arrival: best restaurants, bars, places to go, events to attend etc  I will make sure your Amsterdam experience is the best you could ever get!","800 meters from a Park and Ride for your car 1min walk from a bus stop, 6 min walk from tram stop 20 min door to door to Schiphol airport by public transportation",Treat my house like yours: respect it and respect the neighbors.  Non smoking policy (but you can smoke on the balcony)
