,"I have an 55m2 appartment for rent near Central Station / near center of Amsterdam. The appartment is fully yours which means you can enjoy it to the fullest! It is situated on KNSM Island, one of the islands build with houses and buildings designed by architects. This makes this house really special and unique: you will enjoy the water, trees, boathouses, the fountain, the shops, the restaurants, Club Panama, LLoyd Hotel, Harbour Club Amsterdam, restaurant Fifteen, Muziek gebouw aan het IJ, Passenger Terminal with their (big)cruises and many other restaurants and terraces around! Living on an island and less ten 10 minutes from City Center! If you walk from ""home"" to the city center you will able to visit Nemo, Scheepvaartmuseum and Stedelijk Musuem! The building (with elevator) is designed by an architect with ""Spain"" in his head; that's why the name of the street is caled  ""Barcelonaplein"". The Appartment has 1 big sleepingroom with a 220/200cm bed and enough cupboards ; One renewed","I have an 55m2 appartment for rent near Central Station / near center of Amsterdam. The appartment is fully yours which means you can enjoy it to the fullest! It is situated on KNSM Island, one of the islands build with houses and buildings designed by architects. This makes this house really special and unique: you will enjoy the water, trees, boathouses, the fountain, the shops, the restaurants, Club Panama, LLoyd Hotel, Harbour Club Amsterdam, restaurant Fifteen, Muziek gebouw aan het IJ, Passenger Terminal with their (big)cruises and many other restaurants and terraces around! Living on an island and less ten 10 minutes from City Center! If you walk from ""home"" to the city center you will able to visit Nemo, Scheepvaartmuseum and Stedelijk Musuem! The building (with elevator) is designed by an architect with ""Spain"" in his head; that's why the name of the street is caled  ""Barcelonaplein"". The Appartment has 1 big sleepingroom with a 220/200cm bed and enough cupboards ; One renewed",,,
