"Our ship ""Meeuw""  is a comfortable and cosy place, located in a beautiful spot in Amstel River, next to a park. We live here with a family of 4.  We rent it to max three adults, but children are welcome too for no extra costs. It has all comforts of a modern home with the exiting feel of the sailors life. When it's windy, you feel the boat rocking a little.  There are many waterbirds, like swans. It's close to Amstel Station (trains, metro), and 10 min from city center (by bicycle).","This is the best way to experience Amsterdam! You should feel the water and the tradition of sailing and the trade by boats. Don't expect a whirlpool or airco but the gentle movements of wind and water, the sounds of ducks and on sunny days the many boats passing by.","Our ship ""Meeuw""  is a comfortable and cosy place, located in a beautiful spot in Amstel River, next to a park. We live here with a family of 4.  We rent it to max three adults, but children are welcome too for no extra costs. It has all comforts of a modern home with the exiting feel of the sailors life. When it's windy, you feel the boat rocking a little.  There are many waterbirds, like swans. It's close to Amstel Station (trains, metro), and 10 min from city center (by bicycle). This is the best way to experience Amsterdam! You should feel the water and the tradition of sailing and the trade by boats. Don't expect a whirlpool or airco but the gentle movements of wind and water, the sounds of ducks and on sunny days the many boats passing by. In summer you can swim in the river. We have a terrace, an apple tree and a rowing boat. Children's toys (and live vests!). There's a piano. We only rent our home when we're away. You'll have all the space and privacy. Very quiet! A green area,","Very quiet! A green area, called ""Rivierenbuurt"". Many walkers, cyclists and runners. We're next to a park and the river bank is beautiful stroll or ride. On a few minutes walk from all kinds of shops including supermarkets that open until 10 pm.","5 minutes walk to tram 12, bus 62, 65. 10 minutes walk to Amstel Railway Station with many trains, busses and Metro 51, 53, 54.",Let's be quiet outdoors after ten for our neighbours.
