"Unique 3-storey family home in the Jordaan, one of the most sought after areas of central Amsterdam. Big terrace, facing South, overlooking beautiful wide street. Pubs, shops, Westerpark and Anne Frank house all in walking distance.","Unique 3-storey family home in the Jordaan, one of the most sought after areas of central Amsterdam. The house is very suitable for families.  Max 4 adults. 5 bedrooms 2 bathrooms 3 toilets kitchen annex dining room big living great terrace treehouse in the patio Downstairs: 2 (children's) bedrooms with adult size beds with a possibility to pull out second bed in each room and a spare bedroom with a comfortable double sofa-bed. Toilet and laundry room/kitchenette. Main floor: Living, childrens bedroom with space for two children, bathroom (shower). First floor: Terrace, kitchen, main bedroom with en suite bathroom (bath) and separate toilet. The house is modern and comfortable, with a great sunny terrace overlooking the street. For the younger ones there is a tree house and jungle bars in the covered patio. Wifi, Apple tv, no private parking space but ample (very expensive) space to park in the street. Lying on a surprisingly quiet, wide tree lined street the house is in walking distan","Unique 3-storey family home in the Jordaan, one of the most sought after areas of central Amsterdam. Big terrace, facing South, overlooking beautiful wide street. Pubs, shops, Westerpark and Anne Frank house all in walking distance. Unique 3-storey family home in the Jordaan, one of the most sought after areas of central Amsterdam. The house is very suitable for families.  Max 4 adults. 5 bedrooms 2 bathrooms 3 toilets kitchen annex dining room big living great terrace treehouse in the patio Downstairs: 2 (children's) bedrooms with adult size beds with a possibility to pull out second bed in each room and a spare bedroom with a comfortable double sofa-bed. Toilet and laundry room/kitchenette. Main floor: Living, childrens bedroom with space for two children, bathroom (shower). First floor: Terrace, kitchen, main bedroom with en suite bathroom (bath) and separate toilet. The house is modern and comfortable, with a great sunny terrace overlooking the street. For the younger ones there is","Relaxed neigbourhood. Plenty of nice shops, restaurants and bars on your doorstep.",A 10/15 min walk from Central Station.,We prefer to rent out to families or couples.
