"Our beautifully renovated 3 bedroom house is spread over 3 floors and measures approximately (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) ft.2). We have a charming private garden in the back where we barbecue all the time in the summer. There is a fully equipped kitchen and a large dining room, and living room on the ground floor, the first bedroom with aircon, spacious luxurious bathroom (giant tub) and laundry room are on the floor above and another 2 spacious bedrooms (both with aircon), and brand new bathroom.","Our beautifully renovated 3 bedroom house is spread over 3 floors and measures approximately (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ft.2). We have a charming private garden in the back where we barbecue all the time in the summer. There is a fully equipped kitchen and a large dining room, and living room on the ground floor, the first bedroom, spacious luxurious bathroom (giant tub) and laundry room are on the floor above and another 2 spacious bedrooms, and brand new bathroom are one floor above.  Our house is located in the absolute centre (really the best location) of Amsterdam and overlooks a quiet, absolutely lovely green park. The Frederiksplein is about 20 meters from the beginning of the Achtergracht canal and just 1 block from the Amstel River (just a 2 minute walk and you can see the most beautiful theatre in Amsterdam, Carre!). The Utrechtsestraat, one of the best shopping and dining streets in Amsterdam is just around the corner and the Rembrandtplein is only a 5 minute walk away.","Our beautifully renovated 3 bedroom house is spread over 3 floors and measures approximately (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) ft.2). We have a charming private garden in the back where we barbecue all the time in the summer. There is a fully equipped kitchen and a large dining room, and living room on the ground floor, the first bedroom with aircon, spacious luxurious bathroom (giant tub) and laundry room are on the floor above and another 2 spacious bedrooms (both with aircon), and brand new bathroom a Our beautifully renovated 3 bedroom house is spread over 3 floors and measures approximately (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ft.2). We have a charming private garden in the back where we barbecue all the time in the summer. There is a fully equipped kitchen and a large dining room, and living room on the ground floor, the first bedroom with aircon, spacious luxurious bathroom (giant tub) and laundry room are on the floor above and another 2 spacious bedrooms (both with aircon), and brand new bathr","We love love this area of Amsterdam. It's quiet with a park across the street, but right around the corner there is so much action in the Utrechtsestraat. The Utrechtsestraat is known for it's great restaurants, delicacy stores (famous butcher and cheese store), and boutique stores. From our house you can walk anywhere in the city. The Rijksmuseum is just 10 minutes away, as is the Van Gogh museum and all the shopping streets you need.",We have a tram station just 2 minutes from our house. The house is also easily reachable by car.,"We love our house. We really love our house, and have done everything to make it as comfy, clean and nice as possible.  We hope you will respect, and take care of our house as much as we do. So no smoking and no drugs allowed at our place. And please don't throw any plates around or tear up the bedsheets, but why would you do that :) With this said, we really hope (and are confident) you will enjoy your stay!"
