"A unique 50m2 romantic loft, on the 3th/top floor right beneath the stars, of a typical Amsterdam house in the city center nearby the museums, canals, shops and public transport.  Even though the apartment lies in a vibrant part of the city the neighbourhood is not touristy. Inside its very quiet with lots of privacy also on the cosy balcony. Take use of the fully equipped kitchen and pizza oven/barbeque or go out to the best restaurants nearby!",- Special and unique place - Sleep under the stars - Wake up with the sun - Very nice balcony with evening sun - Bbq - Very private - Very quiet - Close to public transport - Close to all museums - Close to the beautiful canals - Close to the old cozy city center - Fully equipped kitchen - Best bakery around the corner,"A unique 50m2 romantic loft, on the 3th/top floor right beneath the stars, of a typical Amsterdam house in the city center nearby the museums, canals, shops and public transport.  Even though the apartment lies in a vibrant part of the city the neighbourhood is not touristy. Inside its very quiet with lots of privacy also on the cosy balcony. Take use of the fully equipped kitchen and pizza oven/barbeque or go out to the best restaurants nearby! - Special and unique place - Sleep under the stars - Wake up with the sun - Very nice balcony with evening sun - Bbq - Very private - Very quiet - Close to public transport - Close to all museums - Close to the beautiful canals - Close to the old cozy city center - Fully equipped kitchen - Best bakery around the corner My place is your place. The appartment is fully yours. You can reach me by phone if necessary. Walking distance: Underground station: 30 seconds Central station: 12 minutes City centre (canals): 1 minute The Hermitage: 3 minutes ",Walking distance: Underground station: 30 seconds Central station: 12 minutes City centre (canals): 1 minute The Hermitage: 3 minutes Rijksmuseum: 10 minutes Van Gogh museum: 11 minutes Nice coffee: 20 seconds Fresh bread: 20 seconds Great restaurants and cozy shopping streets: 2 minutes,"Public transport (underground, tram) is right in front of the house, that can take you anywhere in and outside the city very easy.  Central Station can be reached in 10 minutes.",Please take care of my home like it is your own.
