"Sitting in the conservatory of this very light, high and spacious apartment watching over the Prinsengracht canal, you’ll understand why so many people think Amsterdam has something magical. The front has a perfect city view, while in the back you won't notice the city at all. In quite days it’ll be dreamy with sparkling lights and calm boats everywhere. On the busy days you’ll see the full extent of the famous Canal Parade or Kingsday.","The apartment itself is a combination of new and old. A stylized interior but with the old wooden feel and furniture of the historical canal houses remaining intact. It has ample space for four people to reside in and will make you feel at home. (We welcome families, (double) couples and businesspeople, we do not accept a group of friends) I like to describe it as ‘light’, both in feel as in space.  See it as a central point where all the major attractions of Amsterdam are less than fifteen minutes away. With parks, museums, bars, galleries and restaurants at your convenience. The appartment itself includes: •	Double bed •	Clean towels, linnen •	Shower and bath •	Toilet •	Great coffee machine •	Free wifi •	Hairdryer •	Big dinner table •	Large couch near DVD/Netflix •	A fantastic view","Sitting in the conservatory of this very light, high and spacious apartment watching over the Prinsengracht canal, you’ll understand why so many people think Amsterdam has something magical. The front has a perfect city view, while in the back you won't notice the city at all. In quite days it’ll be dreamy with sparkling lights and calm boats everywhere. On the busy days you’ll see the full extent of the famous Canal Parade or Kingsday. The apartment itself is a combination of new and old. A stylized interior but with the old wooden feel and furniture of the historical canal houses remaining intact. It has ample space for four people to reside in and will make you feel at home. (We welcome families, (double) couples and businesspeople, we do not accept a group of friends) I like to describe it as ‘light’, both in feel as in space.  See it as a central point where all the major attractions of Amsterdam are less than fifteen minutes away. With parks, museums, bars, galleries and restaura","The apartment is in the center of the Jordan neighborhood, the most iconic and best in Amsterdam. It's all shops, canals, restaurants, bars, galleries... the lot! The apartment is near to: •	Anne Frank House •	Central Station •	Noordermarkt •	Red Light District •	Van Gogh museum •	Rijksmuseum •	Stedelijk Museum •	Amsterdam Historic Museum •	Many smaller musea •	Nine Streets area •	The major plazas such as Leidse Square and Rembrandt Square  •	Dozens of bars and restaurants (I’ll give you tips)",There is tramstop a next to the apartment and parking places in front.,"House rules   - Check in: 3.00 PM (unless agreed otherwise) - Check in after 8:00 PM: we charge €20 extra to cover our expenses - Check out: 11.00 AM   We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules:   - Please keep the noise down. We kindly ask you to respect your neighbours; - No loud music after 10.00 PM;  - No house parties;  - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - No smoking inside the apartment; - No drugs. The use of drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - We provide you with clean bedsheets and one medium sized towel (140x70 cm) per person at no additional charge. Please leave them after check out; - Extra towels are available for rent for €2 per towel. - Please do not use any other towels and/or bedlinen you might find in the house. We will charge you €25,- for dry cleaning services. - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mailman, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - We guarantee"
