"Our bed and breakfast is situated in the heart of the ""village""Jordaan. In a quiet street, but on walking distance of nice bars, restaurants, shops. It excists of a  livingroom, bedroom with bathroom. We are an official bed&breakfast and we are registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam.","Our bed and breakfast is  private. We only share the front door and the corridor. It has a very nice and light atmosphere.The living is 20 m2. It has central heating, a dining table, 32 inch flatscreen TV and a DVD player and a sofa bed. In the kitchenette there is a 2 burner electric stove, a small oven,  Nespresso coffee machine, aerocino, watercooker, toaster and a fridge which will be filled with breakfast goodies. Also I will provide  bread. Taking the  typical Amsterdam staircase of beautiful oakwood, you will find the bedroom  with double bed and a modern but small bathroom with shower, washbasin and toilet. Hair dryer, towels, soap, shower cream are provided.","Our bed and breakfast is situated in the heart of the ""village""Jordaan. In a quiet street, but on walking distance of nice bars, restaurants, shops. It excists of a  livingroom, bedroom with bathroom. We are an official bed&breakfast and we are registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam. Our bed and breakfast is  private. We only share the front door and the corridor. It has a very nice and light atmosphere.The living is 20 m2. It has central heating, a dining table, 32 inch flatscreen TV and a DVD player and a sofa bed. In the kitchenette there is a 2 burner electric stove, a small oven,  Nespresso coffee machine, aerocino, watercooker, toaster and a fridge which will be filled with breakfast goodies. Also I will provide  bread. Taking the  typical Amsterdam staircase of beautiful oakwood, you will find the bedroom  with double bed and a modern but small bathroom with shower, washbasin and toilet. Hair dryer, towels, soap, shower cream are provided. I like to meet my guests an",,,"• Inchecktijd is 14:00. • Geen feestjes of evenementen • Niet geschikt voor huisdieren • Niet roken No pets, no smoking, no drugs, no parties"
