"This is the perfect spot to enjoy Amsterdam. Close enough to the city center and all attractions, but in beautiful part of town with lovely restaurants and bars. Just 20m from the Amstel. We hope you enjoy our home as much as we do!","The flat is located on a lovely one way road off the Amstel river with lots of great bars and restaurants locally. 5 min walk to Albert Cuyp market, and close to the city center.  It is a historic building (monument status), which began as a  bakery in the 1920s and still retains the original front (see photos). We brought the flat in 2014, and with extensive refurbishment we are delighted with the results. We think it retains it's unique character but has a modern twist that really makes the most of the space. It's ideal for 2 couples or a family who want to enjoy Amsterdam whilst staying somewhere special.  113 sqm Private entrance. Large open plan living/kitchen/dining room. Ground floor with privacy film on windows.  Spacious hallway running through the flat  Spacious Bathroom with toilet, bath and separate shower Additional separate toilet Large Master bedroom, 24 sqm (king bed 150 cm × 200 cm), with large roof sky light (eye masks provided) Second bedroom 13 sqm (queen bed 135 cm","This is the perfect spot to enjoy Amsterdam. Close enough to the city center and all attractions, but in beautiful part of town with lovely restaurants and bars. Just 20m from the Amstel. We hope you enjoy our home as much as we do! The flat is located on a lovely one way road off the Amstel river with lots of great bars and restaurants locally. 5 min walk to Albert Cuyp market, and close to the city center.  It is a historic building (monument status), which began as a  bakery in the 1920s and still retains the original front (see photos). We brought the flat in 2014, and with extensive refurbishment we are delighted with the results. We think it retains it's unique character but has a modern twist that really makes the most of the space. It's ideal for 2 couples or a family who want to enjoy Amsterdam whilst staying somewhere special.  113 sqm Private entrance. Large open plan living/kitchen/dining room. Ground floor with privacy film on windows.  Spacious hallway running through the","We love the area, with the typical architecture of historic Amsterdam and the vibrant activity on the Amstel. Our favorite locals are the Ysbreeker bar, the Bakhuys bakery, and don't miss the rooftop of the Volkshotel (they do great G & Ts). Albert Heijn supermarket is 350 meters away with bike hire right next door.  You will have all the tourist attractions on your door step, but get the feeling of being a local Amsterdammer! That's what we love.","Metro/Subway: Weesperplein or Wibaustraat both 350 meters away, 5 minutes to Centraal  Schiphol Airport> Train Intercity Duivendrecht Subway54 Centraal Station to Weesperplein and walk for 5 minutes.   Tram: 300 meters away taking you to the Rijks Museum in 5 minutes.  Bike Rental: Next to the Albert Heijn supermarket 350 meters away.  Walking: If it is a sunny day just put on comfy shoes and walk the city! It is all so accessible. 25-30 minutes to central station, 15-20 minutes to Rijks museum.","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
