"Set in the unique picturesque garden village Disteldorp (with monumental status), this house offers you a luxury home feeling in a sociable neighborhood.  Five minute cycling (you may use our bikes) or ten minute walk to the free 24-7 ferry to C.S.","The First Floor offers an open private, serene open sleeping / bathing area including big two-person bed, romantic separation curtain, option for a suspended cradle, bath, rain shower, and a  children bunk bed. There is a small workstation, washing machine, dresser and a suspended cradle.  The Ground Floor has a well-equipped open kitchen, dining table and seating area including TV and Wifi, a bed for age 0-4, and direct access to a garden, which is designed as an extension of the living area.  The house is ideal for a couple or people with  (small) children. This house has truly been optimized by its owners who are both architects.","Set in the unique picturesque garden village Disteldorp (with monumental status), this house offers you a luxury home feeling in a sociable neighborhood.  Five minute cycling (you may use our bikes) or ten minute walk to the free 24-7 ferry to C.S. The First Floor offers an open private, serene open sleeping / bathing area including big two-person bed, romantic separation curtain, option for a suspended cradle, bath, rain shower, and a  children bunk bed. There is a small workstation, washing machine, dresser and a suspended cradle.  The Ground Floor has a well-equipped open kitchen, dining table and seating area including TV and Wifi, a bed for age 0-4, and direct access to a garden, which is designed as an extension of the living area.  The house is ideal for a couple or people with  (small) children. This house has truly been optimized by its owners who are both architects. The house and garden including two adult bicycles (plus child-seats option) and two small children bicycles. T","A green and sociable atmosphere close to the vibrant centre of Amsterdam.  Disteldorp has a layout with both collective gardens and private gardens. The friendly lay-out makes it super-easy to develop nice contacts with local habitants.  The North of Amsterdam has a growing number of interesting cultural hotspots such as NDSM, EYE film museum/cinema, Tolhuistuin, Adam Tower, Noorderpark, as well as a number of good restaurants we can advice you. ","From the airport: take the train to Central Station (C.S.) or take a taxi.  From C.S.: take bus line 34 or 35 to bus stop 'Mosplein' and walk 5 minutes OR take the ferry to 'Buiksloterweg', and walk ten minutes.  By car: free parking in the street.",The entire interior has been renovated with love and some elements are delicate. We expect guests to appreciate this and follow the house instructions to keep it beautiful. No dogs. No smoking inside.
