"Our house has room up to 4 people and is a modern house with all facilities. Within 15 minutes you can take the bus to central station. You can also take the ferry on NDSM which is also a very nice area to explore. It is the former ship wharf where restaurants can be found and festivals take place. Our house is situated in a quiet area, has all facilities you expect and after a busy day in the city you can relax here. Families will love it here. Parking in front of the house is free of charges.","Bright and spacious design urban villa in Amsterdam  Free Parking! (saves you about 40 Euro on daybase) Great, sunny family home in the northern part of Amsterdam. Quiet surrounding but yet 20 minutes from downtown Amsterdam! 130m2 design in Amsterdam The whole district was designed a couple of years ago by dutch architects.  This area is called the new “garden area” of Amsterdam because all the houses have gardens and the whole area has a countryside feeling in the city. Very nearby you will find the former NDSM wharf where lot’s of ships were build untill 1979. Today it’s a upcoming area on the waterfront with trendy restaurants, a bakery, a skating hall, factory buildings, a gallery and a city beach.  MTV Europe, Greenpeace, IDTV, Red Bull a.s.o. have chosen this area for their headquarters. We are a family of 4 persons, 2 adults and 2 kids. As we wanted the benefits of both a quiet surrounding for the kids as well as the advantages of the city we found our perfect spot in this part","Our house has room up to 4 people and is a modern house with all facilities. Within 15 minutes you can take the bus to central station. You can also take the ferry on NDSM which is also a very nice area to explore. It is the former ship wharf where restaurants can be found and festivals take place. Our house is situated in a quiet area, has all facilities you expect and after a busy day in the city you can relax here. Families will love it here. Parking in front of the house is free of charges. Bright and spacious design urban villa in Amsterdam  Free Parking! (saves you about 40 Euro on daybase) Great, sunny family home in the northern part of Amsterdam. Quiet surrounding but yet 20 minutes from downtown Amsterdam! 130m2 design in Amsterdam The whole district was designed a couple of years ago by dutch architects.  This area is called the new “garden area” of Amsterdam because all the houses have gardens and the whole area has a countryside feeling in the city. Very nearby you will fi","Neighbourhood is quite, childfriendly, but yet only 15-20 min from downtown Amsterdam. Acces to a new hotspot on the water is 10 min by feet.  Beach can be reached in 30-40 min","We provide you with all the info you need to travel in and arround Amsterdam. Ferryboat to downtown Amsterdam: 10 min walk, 12 min on free (ferry) Busstop at 3 min walk: 12-15 min to downtown Amsterdam. Schiphol Airport to our home: 20 min bij taxi.  Train and bus also possible Keukenhof: 40 min by car Utrecht: 40 min bij car Den Haag: 45 min bij car Rotterdam: 60 min by car and train","Non smoking house, no pets allowed. We prefer NOT to have students or groups of friends under 30! Our house is in an area with families. So no party's, loud music or lot's of noise. Please keep the place a bit tidy and respect our personal things. Its our personal house and we like to keep the place nice and clean. Thanks!  We have sort of ""flexible"" check in and out, but we aslo need some time to clean up and prepare the house. Please respect that."
