,"Hi there, I'm renting out my very nice and cosy apartment in the best neighborhood in amsterdam, ""de pijp"", the ""quartier latin"" of Amsterdam with many bars, restaurants and shops around the corner and just 5 mins walk to the Museum square and other major attractions in Amsterdam. I'm happy to provide you insiders tips if you like. The apartment is on the 3rd floor in a quiet street just off the main street of the district. It has everything you need. The 3rd floor has a large open kitchen, cosy living room, and bathroom with bath and shower. The bedroom with double bed is on the top floor and has doors to the roof terrace. The apartment is modernly furnished but with traditional features such as stained glass doors. I live there myself when I don't rent it out.  Public transport to all districts is directly in front of the door. Every 5 mins a tram departs for Amsterdam Central Station which takes you there directly in 12 minutes. Every 5 mins there is also a direct tram to a public c","Hi there, I'm renting out my very nice and cosy apartment in the best neighborhood in amsterdam, ""de pijp"", the ""quartier latin"" of Amsterdam with many bars, restaurants and shops around the corner and just 5 mins walk to the Museum square and other major attractions in Amsterdam. I'm happy to provide you insiders tips if you like. The apartment is on the 3rd floor in a quiet street just off the main street of the district. It has everything you need. The 3rd floor has a large open kitchen, cosy living room, and bathroom with bath and shower. The bedroom with double bed is on the top floor and has doors to the roof terrace. The apartment is modernly furnished but with traditional features such as stained glass doors. I live there myself when I don't rent it out.  Public transport to all districts is directly in front of the door. Every 5 mins a tram departs for Amsterdam Central Station which takes you there directly in 12 minutes. Every 5 mins there is also a direct tram to a public c","My neighborhood, ""de pijp"", is often called the best neigborhoud in Amsterdam, the ""quartier latin"" with many bars, restaurants and shops around the corner and just 5 mins walk to the Museum square and other major attractions in Amsterdam. I am happy to provide you insiders tips if you like. Some major attractions in our neighborhood include: - Museum Square with the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Modern Art museum (""Stedelijk"") at a walking distance - Main shopping streets around the museum square, including the ""PC Hooftstraat"" where all major luxury brands are represented - 100+ restaurants/bars directly around the corner (I can tell you which ones are good and which ones are not!)  - Heineken experience and Albert Cuyp streetmarket around the corner - Amsterdam's famous canal district at 10-15 minutes by foot or 5 minutes by tram - Amsterdam's famous ""Jordaan"" district and vintage shopping streets ""the nine streets"" at 15-20 minutes by foot or 10 minutes by tram",Public transport to all districts is directly in front of the door. Every 5 mins a tram departs for Amsterdam Central Station which takes you there directly in 12 minutes. Every 5 mins there is also a direct tram to a public car parking garage (this is a luxury because parking your car in Amsterdam is terrible). There are several bike rentals within 100 meter from the apartment.,"The apartment is my own apartment: I live there myself. I expect from my guests to treat my apartment well and respect my belongings.  I share the entrance with the family that lives on the floors below so I ask you to keep quiet on the stairs and respect their belongings. No smoking inside, please use the roof terrace or smoke out of the windows. No pets allowed."
