,"Very light 1 bedroom apartment in quiet and green area just outside the heart of Amsterdam. Public transport (bus/tram) to take you downtown are just around the corner (1 min. walk) so in less than 15 minutes you'll find yourself walking along the famous canals in the midst of the best museums and other places of interest such as the Anne Frank House, the Westertoren, the Palace on Dam Square, Madame Tussauds, the trendy Westerpark and tons of great places to eat and drink. The apartment has everything you'll need for a comfortable stay for one or two in Amsterdam. There's a comfortable twin bed in the bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen, WIFI-internet & digital TV. The neighbourhood is nice and quiet with a little park just across the street and lots of supermarkets, shops, coffee shops, bakeries, even a few nice bars and restaurants just around the corner. If you're interested let me know and I'll get back to you in a hurry.","Very light 1 bedroom apartment in quiet and green area just outside the heart of Amsterdam. Public transport (bus/tram) to take you downtown are just around the corner (1 min. walk) so in less than 15 minutes you'll find yourself walking along the famous canals in the midst of the best museums and other places of interest such as the Anne Frank House, the Westertoren, the Palace on Dam Square, Madame Tussauds, the trendy Westerpark and tons of great places to eat and drink. The apartment has everything you'll need for a comfortable stay for one or two in Amsterdam. There's a comfortable twin bed in the bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen, WIFI-internet & digital TV. The neighbourhood is nice and quiet with a little park just across the street and lots of supermarkets, shops, coffee shops, bakeries, even a few nice bars and restaurants just around the corner. If you're interested let me know and I'll get back to you in a hurry.",,,"Not too many rules apart from the usual stuff. So no partying and no loud music please. No smoking inside but on the balcony is fine. And just treat my apartment and my stuff with respect, as you would your own.  Your dog is more then welcome if he's quiet and doesn't eat furniture - please mind that, unless carried, he will need to walk some stairs."
