,"In the middle of the Jordaan (without a doubt the cutest and coolest neighborhood of Amsterdam, ask any local :)) you find this sweet & cosy yet spacious & complete apartment. It's located in a quiet street, but in the middle of all the beautiful canals and little streets, restaurants and attractions (like the variety of Hofjes, the Westerkerk, the biological market Noordermarkt, the shopping area '9 straatjes', lots of artgallerys, etc.). Also Dam Square and Leidseplein (where you can go out for drinks and clubbing) are within walking distance (10-15 minutes). Although you probably won't use it much because you can walk to almost every Amsterdam  highlight, public transport is literally around the corner at the Rozengracht (trams and buses). It connects you within 10 minutes to other must-sees (like the Museum Square with The Rijksmuseum & Vincent van Gogh Museum and the in my opinion second nicest area of Amsterdam, De Pijp. This area is famous for its Albert Cuyp Market). Other high","In the middle of the Jordaan (without a doubt the cutest and coolest neighborhood of Amsterdam, ask any local :)) you find this sweet & cosy yet spacious & complete apartment. It's located in a quiet street, but in the middle of all the beautiful canals and little streets, restaurants and attractions (like the variety of Hofjes, the Westerkerk, the biological market Noordermarkt, the shopping area '9 straatjes', lots of artgallerys, etc.). Also Dam Square and Leidseplein (where you can go out for drinks and clubbing) are within walking distance (10-15 minutes). Although you probably won't use it much because you can walk to almost every Amsterdam  highlight, public transport is literally around the corner at the Rozengracht (trams and buses). It connects you within 10 minutes to other must-sees (like the Museum Square with The Rijksmuseum & Vincent van Gogh Museum and the in my opinion second nicest area of Amsterdam, De Pijp. This area is famous for its Albert Cuyp Market). Other high",,,"- please be quiet in hallway and staircase, respect my neighbors - no loud music after 9.30 pm You will find a further manual of the apartment when you arrive. Also I've made a small handbook/guide for you with lots of special and/or local tips for you to see and experience!"
