"We have a luxury big nice house in Amsterdam (230m2). Very close to the 'zuid-as"" the business district of Amsterdam and the Amsterdam forest.  Kitchen: the Bulthaup cooking island kitchen is equipped with double oven, 6-burner gas stove, dishwasher and Quooker.  Big living with a gas fireplace. Through the sliding doors you have access to the backyard (ca. 150 m2) on the south. We have our own parking spots for 2 cars. Sorry: We only host Families in our (privately owned) house.","On the first level: bathroom with a bath, double sink, shower and toilet. On the garden side located across the width a room that is currently furnished as an office with walk-in closet and a double bed. Second floor: landing, laundry, dry closet, master bedroom v.v. air conditioning and luxurious bathroom with bath, underfloor heating, shower, toilet and design sinks.","We have a luxury big nice house in Amsterdam (230m2). Very close to the 'zuid-as"" the business district of Amsterdam and the Amsterdam forest.  Kitchen: the Bulthaup cooking island kitchen is equipped with double oven, 6-burner gas stove, dishwasher and Quooker.  Big living with a gas fireplace. Through the sliding doors you have access to the backyard (ca. 150 m2) on the south. We have our own parking spots for 2 cars. Sorry: We only host Families in our (privately owned) house. On the first level: bathroom with a bath, double sink, shower and toilet. On the garden side located across the width a room that is currently furnished as an office with walk-in closet and a double bed. Second floor: landing, laundry, dry closet, master bedroom v.v. air conditioning and luxurious bathroom with bath, underfloor heating, shower, toilet and design sinks. The Amsterdam forest is only 5 minutes walk away.  You can bike in to the city in 10 minutes It is possible to park 2 cars behind each other be",The Amsterdam forest is only 5 minutes walk away.  You can bike in to the city in 10 minutes,"It is possible to park 2 cars behind each other before the garage Nr 35. Which is ours.  The metro is 5 minutes walk to the east. Along the Cuserstraat.  (=ideal for the Zuid -as. Business's district  Or the bus is 3 minutes walk to the west. To go to city center. (Museum plein, Leidse plein, Vondel park, central station)",No Smoking
