"Ideal starting point for joggers the crowd in their 30ies to 50ies. Residential upgrade area, safe and right at the park with many cafes/restaurants, just off center, public transport at 50 m, 15 min. to airport. The home is meant for who can be respectful and silent.","Exclusive park view area, 10 min. walk to Leidseplein and Van Gogh museum/Rijksmuseum etc., safe and most silent area in town, trams and restaurants and (night)shops 50 m! 2 PERS.: Only appartment with bed linnen and towels for max. 2 pers. and the 2 kids. The appartment is meant for 2 pers. It is meant as an extra service as we had this question before, so please understand it this way. All self-catering, fill up what you used in my house, no Bed & Breakfast service! PLEASE NOTE: arrival after 15h and departure before 10h (other times have to be agreed upon and times have to fit working schedules) Southern style summer time with roof terrace pleasures and lounging with view into Vondelpark. ----- Great apartment with the right view into Vondelpark, 3 big windows on south overlooking the park. Extremely luminous. Extremely silent. Ideal for joggers right at the Vondelpark entrance. Very quiet neighbourhood without passing through traffic. ----- The surface is ca. 45m2 on one floor plus","Ideal starting point for joggers the crowd in their 30ies to 50ies. Residential upgrade area, safe and right at the park with many cafes/restaurants, just off center, public transport at 50 m, 15 min. to airport. The home is meant for who can be respectful and silent. Exclusive park view area, 10 min. walk to Leidseplein and Van Gogh museum/Rijksmuseum etc., safe and most silent area in town, trams and restaurants and (night)shops 50 m! 2 PERS.: Only appartment with bed linnen and towels for max. 2 pers. and the 2 kids. The appartment is meant for 2 pers. It is meant as an extra service as we had this question before, so please understand it this way. All self-catering, fill up what you used in my house, no Bed & Breakfast service! PLEASE NOTE: arrival after 15h and departure before 10h (other times have to be agreed upon and times have to fit working schedules) Southern style summer time with roof terrace pleasures and lounging with view into Vondelpark. ----- Great apartment with the","Residential. Young crowd and young families live in the area. Quiet. View into the park. Museums nearby. Hundrets of restaurants, take aways and bars in the neighbourhood. Artist studios. Ideal for joggers as right at the famous Vondelpark. Ideal for museum people as you can walk to a huge amount of the famous museums. Ideal for classic music fans, as you can walk to the famous Concertgebouw.  Artists and intellectuals live in this upgrade area around the park, but it's not awefully snobby. Good price quality restaurants and delis/night shops at 50 m distance from the home.  15 min. by taxi to the airport!","Tram line at 50 m distance.  Nightbuses stop at 50 m. 15 min. by taxi from the airport. Bike rentals on Overtoom street at 300 m. Bring passport to rent. Car parking is possible in front of the door, but very expensive in all of Amsterdam. Inform for parkings outside the center and take a tram into town.","As Amsterdam homes have wooden staircases, we only want socially responsible guests who agree on not talking on the staircase when coming home late. We have great neighbours and want to keep those relationsships.... :-) Same with the roof top terrace as our neighbours have their sleeping rooms towards the terrace, no talking there after 21h and please conversations with discrete voice like we Amsterdamers do!!! :-)"
