"A very special designed House. Contains 3 floor levels, 2 outside terraces, 1 spectacular view on the open Water and floating homes, A Fireplace and all of this just 10 minutes from Central Station! Perfect for 2 couples, a Family or 4 friends.","A very special designed House. Contains 3 floor levels, 2 outside terraces, 1 spectacular view on the open Water and floating homes, A Fireplace and all of this just 10 minutes from Central Station! Perfect for 2 couples, a Family or 4 friends. I love my absolute unique house. It is 150 m2 and has 3 floors, 2 outside terraces, and superb views over open water all around. At only 10 minutes from the city center you can barbeque at sunset and see all kinds of sailing ships float by. The modern house is built on stilts above the water and is connected to the dike with a castle bridge. I have installed a perfectly functioning wood burning stove which is a pleasure to use. It is built in a much visited architectural concept of floating on the water houses. IJburg is Amsterdam's newest Neighborhood and contains many innovative architectural features that will attract your attention, in walking distance you find Amsterdam's biggest warehouse filled with Dutch Design. First floor/Ground floor:","A very special designed House. Contains 3 floor levels, 2 outside terraces, 1 spectacular view on the open Water and floating homes, A Fireplace and all of this just 10 minutes from Central Station! Perfect for 2 couples, a Family or 4 friends. A very special designed House. Contains 3 floor levels, 2 outside terraces, 1 spectacular view on the open Water and floating homes, A Fireplace and all of this just 10 minutes from Central Station! Perfect for 2 couples, a Family or 4 friends. I love my absolute unique house. It is 150 m2 and has 3 floors, 2 outside terraces, and superb views over open water all around. At only 10 minutes from the city center you can barbeque at sunset and see all kinds of sailing ships float by. The modern house is built on stilts above the water and is connected to the dike with a castle bridge. I have installed a perfectly functioning wood burning stove which is a pleasure to use. It is built in a much visited architectural concept of floating on the water h","Blijburg Beach is very near, great city beach with terrace, music, and swimming. The house is located on steigereiland, an architectural gem with lots of innovative buildings. Very nice cycling tours possible towards Muiden Castle or to the old fishing villages of Marken and Durgerdam. Harbour with restaurants in walking distance. Big supermarkets just 1 tramstop or 10 minutes walking, small supermarket at the corner of the street.",The tramsystem stops at the end of the street. It operates between 6 in the morning til 00.30 in the night. Tram on average every 5 minutes available and you are in 10 minutes at the cental station of Amsterdam. a 4 person taxi from anywhere in town to the house is around 25 to 35 euro for 4 persons taxi.,"I do hope you have a wonderful time in the house and feel at home, but please realize that i actually live in this house and that it's not a hotel or apartment. Treat our house with the same respect you treat your own house. If something breaks, please replace it and do not smoke in the house. Outside is no problem."
