This modern houseboat can be completely yours! Experience an oase of rest in the middle of the city. You will have the most beautiful view - Amsterdam is the Venice of the North. The studio is very light and you have a terrace on the water.,"PERFECT VIEW ON THE RIVER, SUN AND LIGHT INSIDE & OASE OF REST IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CITY Our complete Houseboat at the Amstel Includes a seperate studio.  The Ark van Amstel is a houseboat at the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: the Amstel. The Ark van Amstel is an oase of peace and nature on the water in the middle of the big city. Because of all the windows to the water it feels like you live outside. You have a view on the water evenrywhere. First level: Entree, living room, kitchen, dining table and piano. Second level - downstairs: 1 masterbedroom, 2 bedrooms for children, 1 bathroom, 1 studieroom. It is at the Weesperzijde, one of the most special places near the Amstel. This part is very popular because of its different bars & restaurants. They call this place the part with the most ours of sun in the city. At the other side of the bridge there is popular part of the city De Pijp – like Quartier Latin in Paris. Tram and metro close-by. At this side of the Amstel you can have a","This modern houseboat can be completely yours! Experience an oase of rest in the middle of the city. You will have the most beautiful view - Amsterdam is the Venice of the North. The studio is very light and you have a terrace on the water. PERFECT VIEW ON THE RIVER, SUN AND LIGHT INSIDE & OASE OF REST IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CITY Our complete Houseboat at the Amstel Includes a seperate studio.  The Ark van Amstel is a houseboat at the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: the Amstel. The Ark van Amstel is an oase of peace and nature on the water in the middle of the big city. Because of all the windows to the water it feels like you live outside. You have a view on the water evenrywhere. First level: Entree, living room, kitchen, dining table and piano. Second level - downstairs: 1 masterbedroom, 2 bedrooms for children, 1 bathroom, 1 studieroom. It is at the Weesperzijde, one of the most special places near the Amstel. This part is very popular because of its different bars & restaurants. ","The houseboat Ark van Amstel is on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: the Amstel. This houseboat has two levels. The first floor is the livingroom with Kitchen and the best view at the Amstel. The second floor is downstairs with the bedroom, kidsrooms and  bathroom. The Ark van Amstel is an oase of peace and nature on the water in the middle of the big city. It is at the Weesperzijde, one of the most special places near the Amstel. This part is very popular because of its different bars & restaurants. They call this place the part with the most ours of sun in the city. At the other side of the bridge there is popular part of the city De Pijp – like Quartier Latin in Paris. At this side of the Amstel you can have a very special walk along Stopera, Hermitage, Carre Theatre, Amstel Hotel, Amstel Tower finishing and you pass by all kind of popular terraces, like a famous and typically Amsterdam Cafe Hesp.",Metro and tram are at 5 minutes walk. You can rent bicycles around the corner.,"Smoking is not allowed inside, but you can smoke outside - there is a terrace on the water of a bench at the shore. Washing and drying - there is a washer in the street where you could easlily drop your washes and pick it up clean. There is free wireless internet, please ask me for the password if you are interested.  Feel at home and you can use everything, but we would appreciate it when you leave the appartment clean and clean the dishes you used.  If anything is broken, please attend me to it so we can fix it or buy new."
