"My apartment is welcoming, comfy, spacious and very light. It's only a stone's throw away from the (in)famous Vondelpark and 15 mins walk to various Amsterdam 'landmarks' - museums, the center. The neighbourhood is friendly and authentic.","My son (11 yrs old) and I “live here and love here.” I’m sure you will enjoy your stay in our friendly and spacious one-and-a-half floor home (95m2). It has 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and is very light. My place is perfect for a couple, three friends, or a small family (parents and one kid).   You enter my home on the main (full) floor with living room, kitchen, smaller bathroom, master bedroom, balcony.  From this main floor, there's a stairway leading downstairs to my son's bedroom and the bigger bathroom. Bedrooms:  The bedroom on the main floor has a double bed. There's a bathroom upstairs too, which is small and has a shower.  The other bedroom downstairs has a very comfy single (but broader - 1,20 cm) bed. This is where you'll find the larger main bathroom, which has a bath and laundry facilities. There is an extra TV downstairs. Kitchen: The kitchen is fully equipped and has all amenities you might need: microwave, oven, fridge, pots and pans and so on. The dining table seats 6.","My apartment is welcoming, comfy, spacious and very light. It's only a stone's throw away from the (in)famous Vondelpark and 15 mins walk to various Amsterdam 'landmarks' - museums, the center. The neighbourhood is friendly and authentic. My son (11 yrs old) and I “live here and love here.” I’m sure you will enjoy your stay in our friendly and spacious one-and-a-half floor home (95m2). It has 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and is very light. My place is perfect for a couple, three friends, or a small family (parents and one kid).   You enter my home on the main (full) floor with living room, kitchen, smaller bathroom, master bedroom, balcony.  From this main floor, there's a stairway leading downstairs to my son's bedroom and the bigger bathroom. Bedrooms:  The bedroom on the main floor has a double bed. There's a bathroom upstairs too, which is small and has a shower.  The other bedroom downstairs has a very comfy single (but broader - 1,20 cm) bed. This is where you'll find the larger ma","Laid back, unpretentious with plenty of choice in shops and venues for everyone's taste: 'grungy' low-budget, hipster cool, or family-friendly restaurants and wood-oven pizza places.","Tram 1 stops approx. 150 meters away and takes you straight to center town, or take it 4 stops the other way: to a station called Amsterdam Lelylaan. From there trains run to and from Schiphol Airport every 10 minutes.","I am a writer and travel a lot. For me it's essential to have a homely base with my son, which is this! I find it important it is respected as such.  There is a small piano, but as this is an area of the city where people work and live, there's a general rule of not playing it before 9am and after 10pm.  Other rules: * please take off your shoes (especially for the room downstairs). * no guests/friends/strangers other than the ones known to me through your booking (or approved afterwards!). Otherwise, I'll have to deduct a sum from the deposit as this would a.o. mean extra costs (cleaning) etc. * smoking only outside. * if anything breaks, I won't get mad, just let me know and we'll figure it out. * I'd appreciate it if you could give my plants/flowers some water!"
