"Welcome to the perfect holiday house in Amsterdam. The best city in the world! ;) After a renovation period of 3 months, it has a new bathroom & kitchen and it's up and ready for some really cool and romantic Amsterdam living! Located in City-Centre West: where you'll find all the Fine Arts, Culture, Restaurants, Clubs & Bars. Safe and free from tourist traps, but still in the city-center. We love to live here! *You can always message us to reduce your price on your airbnb fee and taxes ;-)","The place has a lovely sphere, with lots of element we took from our travels. India, Africa, Indonesia, South of Europe... stuff from all over the world forms the decor! Two years ago we had the last renovation. The space is really quiet and peaceful, the neighbors are very private and lovely. The living room is perfect for a romantic chill, listing to some music of watch my Netflix account on the smart TV. There is a fine table for dinner or working as well. The sleeping room is big for 2-persons and in the guestroom, you will find another 2-person bed. Ask me with your booking, the place is perfect for 3 people! The sleeping room has a nice en-suite bathroom with rain shower. The kitchen is fully equipped, really we love to cook. So you will have access to all our cooking stuff as well. If not: the area has some of the greatest and affordable restaurants in the country! Great for lovers, friends, family's or expats. We only do 3+ days rent, so be smart and sent us a message before an","Welcome to the perfect holiday house in Amsterdam. The best city in the world! ;) After a renovation period of 3 months, it has a new bathroom & kitchen and it's up and ready for some really cool and romantic Amsterdam living! Located in City-Centre West: where you'll find all the Fine Arts, Culture, Restaurants, Clubs & Bars. Safe and free from tourist traps, but still in the city-center. We love to live here! *You can always message us to reduce your price on your airbnb fee and taxes ;-) The place has a lovely sphere, with lots of element we took from our travels. India, Africa, Indonesia, South of Europe... stuff from all over the world forms the decor! Two years ago we had the last renovation. The space is really quiet and peaceful, the neighbors are very private and lovely. The living room is perfect for a romantic chill, listing to some music of watch my Netflix account on the smart TV. There is a fine table for dinner or working as well. The sleeping room is big for 2-persons a","Very safe, clean and close to city-center",Rent a bike! or take the bus in front of the house.,"+ Unfortunately the Garden is not accessible for your use.  + Important to know: because of new laws on marijuana use, you cannot smoke it anymore as a tourist in residential areas. So not in the gardens and not in the front of the houses. Marijuana use can only be done in the house (but not in our house!), the city center or designated areas like parks and squares. This is by law and there you and I will be fined when not respecting the government rules.  +It is illegal to bring more people in the house, then are on your reservation. When doing so, you will be extra fined on your deposit.  + We don't charge any cleaning fee, so please be respectful and leave the house a bit nice :)"
