"The location - city center, next to the Museums and directly on the Vondelpark - gives you the possibility to explore the city by foot. Leidsplein and Museumplein are 3 minutes walking, Joordan and Dam Square are 20 mn away. Tram 1 stops at 50 meters","On the top floor of the building, 2 bedrooms apartment, perfect for a couple or for family.  75 sqm. Big living area with open kitchen. The entire apartment, with the exception of few cupboard where we have our personal things, will be yours. I will answer within few hours to all mails, questions, request... During you stay, I ll be your contact if you have any questions. I ll be happy to give you my tips for the city, and my best adresses... In the center of Amsterdam, perfect to walk everywhere as nothing is more than 20 mn away... Most attractions (canals, museums, shopping streets) are 5 to 10 mn walk. The museums are not even 3 mn away and the entrance of the Vondelpark is next door. Tram 1 stops 50 meters from the building but you can go by walk almost everywhere as we're really in the center of the city.","The location - city center, next to the Museums and directly on the Vondelpark - gives you the possibility to explore the city by foot. Leidsplein and Museumplein are 3 minutes walking, Joordan and Dam Square are 20 mn away. Tram 1 stops at 50 meters On the top floor of the building, 2 bedrooms apartment, perfect for a couple or for family.  75 sqm. Big living area with open kitchen. The entire apartment, with the exception of few cupboard where we have our personal things, will be yours. I will answer within few hours to all mails, questions, request... During you stay, I ll be your contact if you have any questions. I ll be happy to give you my tips for the city, and my best adresses... In the center of Amsterdam, perfect to walk everywhere as nothing is more than 20 mn away... Most attractions (canals, museums, shopping streets) are 5 to 10 mn walk. The museums are not even 3 mn away and the entrance of the Vondelpark is next door. Tram 1 stops 50 meters from the building but you ca","In the center of Amsterdam, perfect to walk everywhere as nothing is more than 20 mn away... Most attractions (canals, museums, shopping streets) are 5 to 10 mn walk. The museums are not even 3 mn away and the entrance of the Vondelpark is next door.","Tram 1, direct from/to Centraal Station in 15 minutes stops 50 meters away. Bus 197, direct from/to Schiphol airport in about 40 minutes, stop at the end of our street, on Leidsplein, about 4/5 minutes walking from the apartment.",You will be welcome in a clean house and we expect to get back same way.  The apartment is in a very quiet building and we expect people to respect the neighbors.
