this is a completely private location. you don't rent a room but you will have the whole location for you and your group only. Due to airbnb regulations with the city of Amsterdam I can not adver This formal car garage and workshop in Amsterdam-North is completely renovated and turned into a very stylisch and decorated spacious 2 floor appartment. there is a pool table . And a beautiful root terrace . Everything is made for the industrial feel like the neighbourhood. We can rent out our bikes .,"We've made everything like its still a warehouse or a workshop; There are chains and wringes on the ceiling . there are old tools on the wall. the kitchen is made from oildrums. But there is stil soe comfort like there is your own pooltable and your own beer tap . and a big stereo with minijack cable to play your own music  There are two private bedrooms with doublebeds. there are two entresols with each a 2 persons sofa bed. and there is an extra fouldingsofa in the living room. and an extra sleeping sofa in the main bedroom. there is a toilet upstairs and one on the ground floor. in the bathroom we made a double shower so you can take a shower with two persons at the same time ( if you are not shy) . Offcourse there is WIFI and there is a dvd system with some of my dvd's . there is a hi fi stereo with a mini-jack cable so you can connect your mp3 player.   There is a filter coffee machine . there is a gas oven, microwave and also tosti iron  and juice-press. and a Beer tap  And in fr",this is a completely private location. you don't rent a room but you will have the whole location for you and your group only. Due to airbnb regulations with the city of Amsterdam I can not adver This formal car garage and workshop in Amsterdam-North is completely renovated and turned into a very stylisch and decorated spacious 2 floor appartment. there is a pool table . And a beautiful root terrace . Everything is made for the industrial feel like the neighbourhood. We can rent out our bikes . We've made everything like its still a warehouse or a workshop; There are chains and wringes on the ceiling . there are old tools on the wall. the kitchen is made from oildrums. But there is stil soe comfort like there is your own pooltable and your own beer tap . and a big stereo with minijack cable to play your own music  There are two private bedrooms with doublebeds. there are two entresols with each a 2 persons sofa bed. and there is an extra fouldingsofa in the living room. and an extra sl,"the building is on an industrial area so you have no problem with neighbours. yet you are close to the centre with public transport ( two stops) or by ferry or by bike .   don't go with your car to the centre because there you will pay €5,00 per hour to park.  There is a chinees take-away next door. there is a good thay restaurant 100meters away. there is a snackbar / sandwich shop 50 m. and next to the snackbar is a coffeeshop for all typical Amsterdam smokeries.  There is a liqour store at the corner next to the snackbar. the bakery is crossing the street from the liquor store. there you will also find a pizzaria take-away and a good surinam restaurant. more to the right from the bakery there is a turkisch supermarket for all vegetables, meat, cheeses, olives and all good stuff. to the right of the turisch supermarket  you will find the daily market ( on wednesday friday , saturday) and the dutch supermarket the Albert Heijn.   behind the market you have the street Hagendoornweg wher","from behind the central station you can take the city bus nr 34 or 35  which will bring you in two stops to the  busstop Mosplein at the kamperfolieweg. there you can get out and crosses the street a litlle bit further where there is a crossover with stoplights.   you go in that street: ""Ribesstraat""  and cross the next street where you see the beginning of the Papaverweg where is on your right hand the Mercedes oldtimers garage.  after 30 meters you see the Kropaarstraat going to the left  along the water (water on your left hand ) . where you want to go the number 10 . on the corner.","you can do anything to feel at home . just respect my warehouse because i made everything myself and did it with a lot of love . everything is handmade and created from my own mind.  just respect everythin.  I also like to have a good time but don't shoud on the street and if you play loud music . then close the doors so you keep the noise inside and not on the street. Don't spoil this for the people wanting to come here after you. smoking is allowed, only not in the bedrooms and not in the beds. only smoke in the front of the building at the pool table area . . watch out there are smoke alarms .  when you smoke allways open a window or main door . remeber it is allowed in Amsterdam so it doesn;t matter you can smoke outside as well.   have fun but respect my Warehouse."
