"In the midst of buzzing Amsterdam, yet very quiet, we offer our family house. 200 m2, spacious and light with enough space for two couples and their kids. Located in the center of Amsterdam near Nieuwmarkt Square, the red light district and China Town our family house is close to all the interesting sights.","We're renting out our family house, located along the widest canal in the center of Amsterdam. The area is very quiet, while it's right around the corner of New Markt Square and less than 10 minutes walk from Central Station.  The Nieuwmarkt neighbourhood is a small village. Great restaurants, small shops and within walking distance to the all the interesting sites. The ground floor consists of bike parking space in the front and a 'garden room' at the back. This room has a big table, full kitchen, couch, toilet and shower, and doors opening to a small street where no cars are allowed to drive. You can enjoy the sun all day here.  There is a double bed on the mezzanine. The first floor has a comfortable livingroom with fantastic view on the canal and the boats and at the back of the house the  living kitchen with balcony. The kitchen has all the needed ammenities and a dining table for 5/6 people. The  second floor has three small rooms and a bathroom.  These are the kids rooms. They a","In the midst of buzzing Amsterdam, yet very quiet, we offer our family house. 200 m2, spacious and light with enough space for two couples and their kids. Located in the center of Amsterdam near Nieuwmarkt Square, the red light district and China Town our family house is close to all the interesting sights. We're renting out our family house, located along the widest canal in the center of Amsterdam. The area is very quiet, while it's right around the corner of New Markt Square and less than 10 minutes walk from Central Station.  The Nieuwmarkt neighbourhood is a small village. Great restaurants, small shops and within walking distance to the all the interesting sites. The ground floor consists of bike parking space in the front and a 'garden room' at the back. This room has a big table, full kitchen, couch, toilet and shower, and doors opening to a small street where no cars are allowed to drive. You can enjoy the sun all day here.  There is a double bed on the mezzanine. The first fl","Amsterdam’s city centre is one of the most beautiful historic places in the world. The apartment is at a stone's throw from all the major destinations you might want to visit. Anne Frank’s house, the Dam, and Leidse square are located within the city center. If you like shopping you can get some great deals on Waterloo Square, or, for a more high-class experience, you can visit the boutiques in ‘de Negen straatjes’ (the nine streets), where you’ll find some fantastic vintage stores.  Museum Square, where you will find the ‘Rijkmuseum’, the Van Gogh museum, and ‘het Stedelijk Museum’ (the city museum, where you’ll find modern art), is a small walk away and accessible with public transport (tram 1, 2, 5, 7, and 10). The Heineken Experience is also closeby there.  Enjoy the beautiful canals running through the centre, and the many excellent restaurants and bars, or relax in the sun in the Vondelpark. Not to be missed is the ‘Jordaan’, an old labourers neighborhood, now home to some of the","The house is a 7 minute walk from Amsterdam Central Station. It's a 2 minute walk to the metro station Nieuwmarkt and lots of other public transportation is available. Within Amsterdam, all the major sites are reachable by walking there.",Quiet Time after 10 pm and before 8 am. No drugs allowed either. No addtional day guests or night guests allowed.
