"A waterfront family-villa 300 m2, with a sunny garden and rooftop terrace, located only 12 min. away by tram from the city of Amsterdam. Our house has 4 large bedrooms, a kitchen, 2 bathrooms, free-parking and is situated in a very nice neighborhood.","A lovely family home of 300 m2 with a garden, a sunny balcony and roof terrace, located only 12 min. away by tram from the city of Amsterdam. Our house has 3 large bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with a bath and walk in shower, our own carport and is situated in a very nice neighborhood. The spacious living room has two large couches, a flat screen TV, WIFI and a large dining table for 8-10 persons. The wide, open kitchen has a aluminum counter top, oven, dishwasher, water-cooker, large fridge with freezer and a coffee-machine. The fully equipped kitchen is ready to use, feel free to use ingredients like spices, herbs, oils and so on. We have a king size bed in our bedroom with a indoor garden, a double bed, two single bed and a roll away bed. We have free private parking in our carport and five bicycles are available for the shopping in the neighborhood.","A waterfront family-villa 300 m2, with a sunny garden and rooftop terrace, located only 12 min. away by tram from the city of Amsterdam. Our house has 4 large bedrooms, a kitchen, 2 bathrooms, free-parking and is situated in a very nice neighborhood. A lovely family home of 300 m2 with a garden, a sunny balcony and roof terrace, located only 12 min. away by tram from the city of Amsterdam. Our house has 3 large bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with a bath and walk in shower, our own carport and is situated in a very nice neighborhood. The spacious living room has two large couches, a flat screen TV, WIFI and a large dining table for 8-10 persons. The wide, open kitchen has a aluminum counter top, oven, dishwasher, water-cooker, large fridge with freezer and a coffee-machine. The fully equipped kitchen is ready to use, feel free to use ingredients like spices, herbs, oils and so on. We have a king size bed in our bedroom with a indoor garden, a double bed, two single bed and","The Neighborhood IJburg is a district of Amsterdam. Many families live here because of the space it offers and it is still close to the city of Amsterdam. By public transport you are in 12 minutes in the center of Amsterdam with his great musea and other attractions. IJburg itself offers many facilities; a city beach with a very nice beach restaurant Blijburg, a park where you can run, walk or bike, many watersport facilities in the neighborhood like windsurf and kite surf. And there are some nice restaurants and take out at IJburg like Mchi, Blok 4, De keuken van Tante Til and Bloem op IJburg.","When you are by car you are just in few minutes at the highway and in 20 minutes in some really beautiful real Dutch villages, like Zaanse Schans, Monnikendam en Utrecht.","We wish you a wonderful stay in our home and in Amsterdam. Use the house with respect for the belongings inside and our neighbors. Smoking is not allowed inside but on the garden we left you an ashtray. - No drugs or excessive alcohol allowed, no parties inside the house allowed. - Guests are required to provide a copy of their passports upon arrival. - A deposit of 250 euros is required. This is refunded (through Airbnb) upon departure, provided there are no damages. Fees for keys (€100) which are lost will be deducted from the deposit. - A cleaning fee of €50 is applicable. - An inventory check on arrival and departure will be conducted together with our guests."
