"Group accommodation. Very private and free, with all facilities. An ideal way to spend you time in Amsterdam with a group up to 30 persons! Including a small trip with the ship if the conditions allow it. You are very welcome!","Ideal group accommodation for you in Amsterdam, on a large Dutch traditional sailing ship, entirely for you! Ideal for groups up to 30 persons. The ship is fully equiped  with central heating system (nice and warm in the winter!), stereo system with cd and i-plug, free WiFi, a large common room for meals, leisure, party, etc, a beer tender system, fully equiped kitchen, etc!  Very comfortable inside as well as outside, with nice view on the Amsterdam Lake, and very close to shop and bus stop.  Of course we will make a small tour with the ship on the Amsterdam Lake if the circumstances allow it for free!   There are 11 cabins (4x4-person and 7x2-person), 4 toilets and 4 showers, all at your disposal!  The beds are provided with under sheet, pillow and pillow case. You can bring your own sleeping bag and towel, or rent from us for € 12,50 per person.  This is the best way to spend your time in Amsterdam, with  a group very private with your group and absolutely cheap too. Try it! Of cour","Group accommodation. Very private and free, with all facilities. An ideal way to spend you time in Amsterdam with a group up to 30 persons! Including a small trip with the ship if the conditions allow it. You are very welcome! Ideal group accommodation for you in Amsterdam, on a large Dutch traditional sailing ship, entirely for you! Ideal for groups up to 30 persons. The ship is fully equiped  with central heating system (nice and warm in the winter!), stereo system with cd and i-plug, free WiFi, a large common room for meals, leisure, party, etc, a beer tender system, fully equiped kitchen, etc!  Very comfortable inside as well as outside, with nice view on the Amsterdam Lake, and very close to shop and bus stop.  Of course we will make a small tour with the ship on the Amsterdam Lake if the circumstances allow it for free!   There are 11 cabins (4x4-person and 7x2-person), 4 toilets and 4 showers, all at your disposal!  The beds are provided with under sheet, pillow and pillow case.","The ship will be located in the north of Amsterdam: at jachthaven Twellingea, nieuwendammerdijk  284. The bus stop is only 5 minutes walk and bus 32 takes you to the very center in just 10 minutes.","Public transportation is excellent! Bus 32 is the one you have to take ti the central station,  which takes 7 minutes. Bu the best way in Amsterdam is to rent a bike. This way you can go everywhere very easy, fast and cheap. All the Dutch do it!","The ship is all yours including all facilities and a short trip.  Normal house rules apply, based on respect for the ship and neighbors."
