"Come aboard our traditional, robust sailing ship! Built in 1910, it has been completely renovated  in 2016 and fully equipped to modern standards. The ship is very suitable for familyaccomodation. It´s quietly docked near the citycentre. In summertime you´re welcome to join us to sail the Dutch seas","No ""surprise costs"". In the ship you´ll find: - central heating - a cosy wood stove - hammocks - a beer tap - professional kitchen, equipped for cooking for large groups - large living space - modern equipped sanitary space - staff speaking dutch, english, german, french, italian and spanish - bicycle rental - with nice weather, we´ll hang a ladder overboard and invite you to take a jump into our natural swimming pool","Come aboard our traditional, robust sailing ship! Built in 1910, it has been completely renovated  in 2016 and fully equipped to modern standards. The ship is very suitable for familyaccomodation. It´s quietly docked near the citycentre. In summertime you´re welcome to join us to sail the Dutch seas No ""surprise costs"". In the ship you´ll find: - central heating - a cosy wood stove - hammocks - a beer tap - professional kitchen, equipped for cooking for large groups - large living space - modern equipped sanitary space - staff speaking dutch, english, german, french, italian and spanish - bicycle rental - with nice weather, we´ll hang a ladder overboard and invite you to take a jump into our natural swimming pool We´re docked in a very peaceful corner of Amsterdam with a great view over the water. You can reach the city centre within a 15 minutes walk, and you´ll find plenty of supermarkets and shops just 3 minutes away from the boat. It can happen that there is no place for us to dock","We´re docked in a very peaceful corner of Amsterdam with a great view over the water. You can reach the city centre within a 15 minutes walk, and you´ll find plenty of supermarkets and shops just 3 minutes away from the boat. It can happen that there is no place for us to dock at Gevleweg. In that case we dock near the NDSM. This cultrural hub at the North side of the IJ river is very well reachable by public transport, it takes 15 minutes to central station.",Very well reachable by public transport.,
