"Well located charming 2 room apartment. Perfect for couples (eventually with one child) to explore the city. In a quiet neighborhood, nearby nice bars, supermarkt, and playground for children.","Do you want to explore the city and/ or surroundings, and after a busy day relax in your own apartment? Or just relax for a day in a garden or park? Than you should stay at our place! We offer you a beautiful apartment in Amsterdam West, nearby the centre of Amsterdam. By tram it is only 5 minutes to the city centre. Supermarket, bakery and other small stores are around the corner. Also nice bars and restaurants are nearby. Such as Bar Spek, Thuys,, Fier, coffee bar Buon Giorno and more.  The apartment has all the comfort you need. In the kitchen you will find a fridge with freezer, dishwasher, microwave, oven, water boiler and espresso machine and all gear you need. Via the kitchen you can reach the balcony which has the perfect afternoon and evening sun.  The living room has a comfortable couch and diner table. To relax you can watch digital television, or use the fast Wifi (free). In the bedroom you will find a comfortable double bed with a good mattress and bottom of which you can ","Well located charming 2 room apartment. Perfect for couples (eventually with one child) to explore the city. In a quiet neighborhood, nearby nice bars, supermarkt, and playground for children. Do you want to explore the city and/ or surroundings, and after a busy day relax in your own apartment? Or just relax for a day in a garden or park? Than you should stay at our place! We offer you a beautiful apartment in Amsterdam West, nearby the centre of Amsterdam. By tram it is only 5 minutes to the city centre. Supermarket, bakery and other small stores are around the corner. Also nice bars and restaurants are nearby. Such as Bar Spek, Thuys,, Fier, coffee bar Buon Giorno and more.  The apartment has all the comfort you need. In the kitchen you will find a fridge with freezer, dishwasher, microwave, oven, water boiler and espresso machine and all gear you need. Via the kitchen you can reach the balcony which has the perfect afternoon and evening sun.  The living room has a comfortable couch","The neighborhood is lively! Nice bars, shops and nearby parks and the famous neighborhood 'Jordaan'.",The apartment is nearby public transport.,Smoking only on balkony
