,"This spacy and quiet apartment is located at the entrance of the Westerpark with all his beautifull venues and sporting facilities. This beautifull modern appartment from 85 square meters is ideal for couples. The sleeping room is quiet big. You can reach the sunny balcony direct from the sleeping room. This balcony can you also enter by the very light living room.  Fresh mediterranean herbes are easy to pick from the balcony which is all day cosy and comfortable with a magnificient view on the former so called ""Watertower"" The bathroom is equiped with a shower and is simple to use. The kitchen is fully equiped with diswasher and an oven. There is also an espresso- machine in the kitchen. From the kitchen you have an incredible view over a very green Westerpark. The Jordan you can reach in a 5 minute walk. When you walk out the door you are immediate in the Westerpark where are enough possibilities to relax and enjoy. For example you can sit at the waterside at the Westergasterras or g","This spacy and quiet apartment is located at the entrance of the Westerpark with all his beautifull venues and sporting facilities. This beautifull modern appartment from 85 square meters is ideal for couples. The sleeping room is quiet big. You can reach the sunny balcony direct from the sleeping room. This balcony can you also enter by the very light living room.  Fresh mediterranean herbes are easy to pick from the balcony which is all day cosy and comfortable with a magnificient view on the former so called ""Watertower"" The bathroom is equiped with a shower and is simple to use. The kitchen is fully equiped with diswasher and an oven. There is also an espresso- machine in the kitchen. From the kitchen you have an incredible view over a very green Westerpark. The Jordan you can reach in a 5 minute walk. When you walk out the door you are immediate in the Westerpark where are enough possibilities to relax and enjoy. For example you can sit at the waterside at the Westergasterras or g",In front of the apartment in the Westerpark are very cosy and hip markets on sundays like Neigbourfoodmarket (Website hidden by Airbnb)  and on every 1st sunday of the month sunday market is organised ,Bus 21 brings you from Amsterdam Central Station in 10 minutes in front of the apartment. ,No pets and no smoking in this beautifull apartment
