- Brand new apartment - 30 square meters living room - Bathroom with bath and shower cabin - Two toilets - 70 square meters in total - Completely furnished kitchen - Many amenities - 20 minutes from the city center - Free parking in the garage - A lot of restaurants and markets around,"As we travel a lot, we are ready occasionally to rent our apartment to nice people who will keep it clean and in the same conditions like they find it :). We are also eager to rent one of our rooms if we are still at home, but that can be discussed through the private messages. Our apartment is around 20 minutes by tram from the city center, in the very nice neighborhood, with lots of markets, stores, bars, etc. Flat is literally brand new, so you don't have to worry about bathroom, kitchen and other conditions. Public transport is only three minutes walking from us, and you can choose between metro, bus or trams. This place is unique, because it's cheaper than other places and also much better than any hostel in Amsterdam.  We also offer a FREE garage, where nobody will even know about your car. This is really unique in the city where parking costs at least 3-4 euros per hour.","- Brand new apartment - 30 square meters living room - Bathroom with bath and shower cabin - Two toilets - 70 square meters in total - Completely furnished kitchen - Many amenities - 20 minutes from the city center - Free parking in the garage - A lot of restaurants and markets around As we travel a lot, we are ready occasionally to rent our apartment to nice people who will keep it clean and in the same conditions like they find it :). We are also eager to rent one of our rooms if we are still at home, but that can be discussed through the private messages. Our apartment is around 20 minutes by tram from the city center, in the very nice neighborhood, with lots of markets, stores, bars, etc. Flat is literally brand new, so you don't have to worry about bathroom, kitchen and other conditions. Public transport is only three minutes walking from us, and you can choose between metro, bus or trams. This place is unique, because it's cheaper than other places and also much better than any h","Our neighborhood is full of nice bar, restaurants, supermarkets and other nice places. We live very close to Erasmus Park, where you can have a barbecue if the weather is good.","It's easy to reach the city center by tram or bus. Station is 3 minutes walking from the apartment, and you need 15-20 minutes to reach the Central Station.","No special house rules, except two things. Smoking is strictly forbidden, but you can use a balcony. If you smoke, you are risking the whole damage deposit to be taken. Second rule is: Shoes OFF!!!"
