"This cosy studio with private entrance and a private bathroom is located in ""de Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Around the corner of the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and Albert Cuyp Market.","This cosy studio with private entrance and a private bathroom is located in ""de Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam.  Around the corner of the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and Albert Cuyp Market. Cosy and comfortable studio on the first floor of a typical Amsterdam building (1901) in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. The studio can be your private place away from home with: - A bedroom, with a real double bed, 1.60 x 2.00m  - Private bathroom  - Wooden polished floor  - Clean bed cloth and fresh towels  - Fast & Free wireless internet  - Small fridge  - Water kettle - Nespresso coffee-machine and coffee - Hair dryer  - All on 12m2 (12 square meters) - Check-in anytime between 14:00 and 24:00,  - Check-out before 12:00.  Timing is always flexible. And you can use two bikes, they are not brand new:-) Bedroom, bathroom and a small hallway. There is no kitchen. You can reach us any time by (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) or ring our","This cosy studio with private entrance and a private bathroom is located in ""de Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Around the corner of the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and Albert Cuyp Market. This cosy studio with private entrance and a private bathroom is located in ""de Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam.  Around the corner of the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and Albert Cuyp Market. Cosy and comfortable studio on the first floor of a typical Amsterdam building (1901) in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. The studio can be your private place away from home with: - A bedroom, with a real double bed, 1.60 x 2.00m  - Private bathroom  - Wooden polished floor  - Clean bed cloth and fresh towels  - Fast & Free wireless internet  - Small fridge  - Water kettle - Nespresso coffee-machine and coffee - Hair dryer  - All on 12m2 (12 square meters) - Check-in anytime between 14:00",,Easy to reach by public transport. Everything you need is around the corner. 41 minutes by train and tram from Schiphol airport. 20 minutes by tram from central station.,
