"Do you feel like living in Amsterdam for a month?  We've got many plants (inside and in the garden) and two chickens that need regular care. Two fresh eggs every day! Our house is lovely and is recently renovated. We have a large sunny garden (located south west), a large living room with an open kitchen, dining table and couch.  We have two little children so the house is fully kids proof.","Een grote woonkamer en open keuken beneden, boven vier kamers waarvan drie slaapkamers. In het hele huis ligt een houten vloer. Boven en beneden zijn WC's, de badkamer is boven.","Do you feel like living in Amsterdam for a month?  We've got many plants (inside and in the garden) and two chickens that need regular care. Two fresh eggs every day! Our house is lovely and is recently renovated. We have a large sunny garden (located south west), a large living room with an open kitchen, dining table and couch.  We have two little children so the house is fully kids proof. You can access all spaces save one. We won't be available but our lovely neighbours will be ready to help you out. Our neighbourhood is extremely quite. Love it or hate it. We do both. Parking is free and right in front of the house. That we love for sure. Our house is at the end of the city. If you take the bus, it will take about 15 - 20 minutes and you're on Amsterdam Central Station. By bike, it takes 2 minutes to leave the city and be surrounded by green fields with cows and birds. We're really looking for someone for the whole time we'll be away - not just for one week or weekend.",Our neighbourhood is extremely quite. Love it or hate it. We do both. Parking is free and right in front of the house. That we love for sure.,"Our house is at the end of the city. If you take the bus, it will take about 15 - 20 minutes and you're on Amsterdam Central Station. By bike, it takes 2 minutes to leave the city and be surrounded by green fields with cows and birds.",Collect the eggs every day (and give the chickens some food and water)
