"Excellently renovated house from early 1900's with 4 floors and garden in the museum quarter in Amsterdam South, close to the centre,   Vondelpark, museums and Royal concert hall. 5 bedrooms sleep up to 9-10 guests. Spacious, quiet, modern, and cosy.","We offer a 4 story whole house with a large living room (with fire place), and large kitchen (with fire place) and garden. There are 5 bedrooms and up to 10 beds. Two bath rooms (1st and 2nd floor) and a WC on every floor. It is minutes walking from the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Royal concert hall, Vondel park and the PC Hooftstraat for high end shopping. The city centre is 10 minutes by bike or tram.","Excellently renovated house from early 1900's with 4 floors and garden in the museum quarter in Amsterdam South, close to the centre,   Vondelpark, museums and Royal concert hall. 5 bedrooms sleep up to 9-10 guests. Spacious, quiet, modern, and cosy. We offer a 4 story whole house with a large living room (with fire place), and large kitchen (with fire place) and garden. There are 5 bedrooms and up to 10 beds. Two bath rooms (1st and 2nd floor) and a WC on every floor. It is minutes walking from the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Royal concert hall, Vondel park and the PC Hooftstraat for high end shopping. The city centre is 10 minutes by bike or tram. There is WiFi, TV,  The host will be in Amsterdam the whole stay and can help with questions, sites too see, bookings, etc. There are 2 upscale neighbourhoods in Amsterdam, the canal area in the centre and Amsterdam South where our house is located. It is a very quiet and nice residential neighborhood but is very close t","There are 2 upscale neighbourhoods in Amsterdam, the canal area in the centre and Amsterdam South where our house is located. It is a very quiet and nice residential neighborhood but is very close to the centre and museum area. Every saturday there is a bio market around the corner. For daily shopping there is a neighourhood 'village' shopping street (Cornelis Schuytstraat), or a large supermarket (Museumplein). Located  100m from the Vondelpark for an run or a walk.","Trams around the corner (van Baerlestraat and Paulus Potterstraat, trams 2, 5, 3, 12) which take you all over the city.  We can discuss the use of our bikes (5).  ",No pets and no smoking.  No maiden or bachelor groups.
