"Cozy, romantic, private and luxurious canal loft  in the old city centre, with amazing views!  Air-conditioning, fire place, central heating, coffee & tea facilities (not possible to cook), Auping bed, walk in shower, elevator and wide view over the Prinsengracht canal.","The Willem 2 Guest House is part of an 18th century canal side residence, The Prince of Holland on Prinsengracht, and it is located in the historic centre of Amsterdam, within the canal belt.  You'll be at walking distance to museums, theatres, shopping, nightlife and the most famous places in the city. A perfect solution for a romantic holiday you won't regret!  This luxurious and sunny duplex accommodation is located on the front side of the building and it offers canal views over one the most famous canals in Amsterdam, the Prinsengracht.  Everything is brand new and radiates refinement and joie de vivre.  The property is totally private for you and it offers a comfortable lounge with a fireplace, coffee & tea facilities (*), table with 4 chairs, private bathroom and a spiral staircase to a cozy sleeping area. It has also central heating, a beautiful fire place, air conditioning and a fancy bathroom.      (*) IMPORTANT: Unfortunately according to new rules of the city council of Ams","Cozy, romantic, private and luxurious canal loft  in the old city centre, with amazing views!  Air-conditioning, fire place, central heating, coffee & tea facilities (not possible to cook), Auping bed, walk in shower, elevator and wide view over the Prinsengracht canal. The Willem 2 Guest House is part of an 18th century canal side residence, The Prince of Holland on Prinsengracht, and it is located in the historic centre of Amsterdam, within the canal belt.  You'll be at walking distance to museums, theatres, shopping, nightlife and the most famous places in the city. A perfect solution for a romantic holiday you won't regret!  This luxurious and sunny duplex accommodation is located on the front side of the building and it offers canal views over one the most famous canals in Amsterdam, the Prinsengracht.  Everything is brand new and radiates refinement and joie de vivre.  The property is totally private for you and it offers a comfortable lounge with a fireplace, coffee & tea facili","This residence is located in the historic centre of Amsterdam, within the canal belt (grachtengordel, in Dutch). You will be in walking distance to all the best highlights of Amsterdam!","From the house you walk into the popular Leidsestraat, with its hip shops and canals fanning out with cafe's and chic and popular restaurants.  Walking through this street to the left, you get to the left the Flower Market and the new Abercrombie & Fitch Store. To the right, you'll be at Leidseplein with the famous theatres, Apple Store, coffee shops, and a countless variety of cafés and restaurants. Further down you can reach the Vondelpark (the biggest park in the city centre, and the Museum Square (Museumplein, in Dutch) with the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum (modern art), all recently reopened.  From here you can easily walk to other areas of the city - or take tram ride to the Jordaan, Dam Square, Nieuwmarkt and Central Station, as public transport is just 50m from your doorsteps. The Prinsengracht canal is also in the middle of all the festivities around coronation day. And during Amsterdam Gay Pride, you can watch the Canal Parade passing by from your window!","Declaration of responsibility to be signed by leader guest at the bottom of this section. - Gay and straight friendly. - Children allowed from the age of 8 and older. - Not suitable for parties. - Non smoking apartments, this includes smoking joints too! - No pets The guests will be asked to sign a declaration of responsibility with following content, in order to protect our belongings and other guests holiday pleasure. • I, as the leader guest, accept the accommodation described above in the condition that is represented;I understand this is a private residence and take my responsibility about keeping the main entrance closed at all times, the keys are not given to any other person then listed in the contract or disclaimer. I take full responsibility for any person I let into the residence • Alcohol and drugs abuse will not be tolerated.  • I am aware that other guests may want to take a rest and therefore make sure I won't cause any disturbance what so ever. • I understand and respec"
