"My comfortable apartment is very special, since it is semi-round and has eleven windows. It is near the Eastern Park and is suitable for 3 people. Enjoy the relaxing bathroom and easy access to metro and train. Jump on a bike and do as locals do.","The apartment is located at the corner of two streets, on the first floor of a small apartment building, above an Italian restaurant. It measures 90 m2 in total; the living room with kitchen is 35 m2 and the two bedrooms with double beds are 20 m2 and 15 m2. The French balcony invites the town in if you want.","My comfortable apartment is very special, since it is semi-round and has eleven windows. It is near the Eastern Park and is suitable for 3 people. Enjoy the relaxing bathroom and easy access to metro and train. Jump on a bike and do as locals do. The apartment is located at the corner of two streets, on the first floor of a small apartment building, above an Italian restaurant. It measures 90 m2 in total; the living room with kitchen is 35 m2 and the two bedrooms with double beds are 20 m2 and 15 m2. The French balcony invites the town in if you want. You have the apartment to yourself and may use all amenities. The washing machine can also be used as a tumble dryer. I will not stay in the apartment, so it is truly your home away from home. But if you could water my plants, that would be great! I recommend the different restaurants in my neighborhood. Especially the Italian restaurant Oost has excellent pizza's.  Huiskamer is specialized in exclusive vegetarian food.The best bakery of ","I recommend the different restaurants in my neighborhood. Especially the Italian restaurant Oost has excellent pizza's.  Huiskamer is specialized in exclusive vegetarian food.The best bakery of Amsterdam Hartog's Volkoren, is very nearby, at the Wibautstraat. Roost at he Ruysstraat serves excellent coffee as wel as Boterham at the Andreas Bonnstraat.","To arrive  By public transport take any train from the airport to Duivendrecht or Central Station. Take the metro to Weesperplein exit Mauritskade. Over the bridge to the left and straight a little bit to the right. This is the Andreas Bonnstraat, pass the little square in the middle. The road continues at the other side of the square. My apartment is in the last building at the right side of this street. While you are here there are different options of public transport:  Tram (about 10 min to city centre)  - Line 3 to Museum Square  - Line 7 to Leidseplein  - Line 9 to Dam square, Rembrandtplein,  Red light district and Central station Bus: 37, night bus 357  Train: station Muiderpoort, station Amstel, Central station Metro: station Wibaut or Weesperplein - RAI Congres. 7 min by metro  - WTC Financial District. 9 min. by metro  - Heineken Music Hall. 10 min. by metro From Central station it takes 10 to 15 minutes.  From airport Schiphol it takes about 40 minutes. Arriving by car You ",No smoking No pets
