Lovely apartment with big private GARDEN in the centre/east of Amsterdam – 5 mins from Central Station. Ideal for couples and families (NO students or groups of friends!) – MUST LOVE CATS :-),"Homely (55 sqm) apartment which has everything you will need. Ideal for couples – MUST LOVE CATS :-)  The apartment has a big private GARDEN, a central location, is close to public transport and all major attractions such as the Vondelpark, Anne Frank House, van Gogh and Rijksmuseum.  You will be sharing the place with Mae and Julie – my two adorable/playful yet independent kittens who turned 4 this July. They love company but are also used to being alone. I have an automatic cat-feeder in case you want to spend time away from the house.   The apartment has 2 bedrooms, one of which is used as an office as I work from home. There’s one proper bedroom with a double bed but the couch in the living room folds out and sleeps 2 people. The kitchen is fully equipped with a large fridge, stove, dishwasher, washing machine/dryer etc. The bathroom, (with floor heating) and separate toilet have been renovated recently.    I don’t have a TV (who needs one anyway!?) but to make up for it I have cre","Lovely apartment with big private GARDEN in the centre/east of Amsterdam – 5 mins from Central Station. Ideal for couples and families (NO students or groups of friends!) – MUST LOVE CATS :-) Homely (55 sqm) apartment which has everything you will need. Ideal for couples – MUST LOVE CATS :-)  The apartment has a big private GARDEN, a central location, is close to public transport and all major attractions such as the Vondelpark, Anne Frank House, van Gogh and Rijksmuseum.  You will be sharing the place with Mae and Julie – my two adorable/playful yet independent kittens who turned 4 this July. They love company but are also used to being alone. I have an automatic cat-feeder in case you want to spend time away from the house.   The apartment has 2 bedrooms, one of which is used as an office as I work from home. There’s one proper bedroom with a double bed but the couch in the living room folds out and sleeps 2 people. The kitchen is fully equipped with a large fridge, stove, dishwasher","The apartment is located in a quiet neighbourhood with a 2 min walk to the metro station which will take you to Amsterdam Central Station in 5 minutes. From there you can hop on the tram/bus into different parts of the city and visit museums such as the Anne Frank House or van Gogh museum or take a train to explore the rest of the Netherlands. The apt. is easily reached from Schiphol airport.   The East side of Amsterdam is an up and coming neighbourhood where you can find lots of lovely bars, restaurants, shops and markets. The beautiful river Amstel which runs through Amsterdam is just a 3 min. walk away.",2 min walk to the closest metro stop which will take you to Amsterdam Central Station in 5 mins.,
