"This fine and spacious apartment is on two top floors (3th+4th) of a central Amsterdam building. Downstairs there is a large living room and an open kitchen. Upstairs there is a quiet bedroom with dark curtains, a study and a well fitted bathroom. ","This newly renovated apartment is airy, bright, very private and clean. It has a crisp style. It is centrally located and it will be a treat to come home to after a busy Amsterdam day.  The apartment is 65 square meters which is very spacious for two people. There is a large balcony (direct sunshine till 2pm) where you can sit with a small table to have breakfast or quietly read surrounded by beautiful bamboo, other plants and flowers.  LOCATION:  The building is within walking distance of Dam square, Vondelpark or all the museums like Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk. It is a few streets away from LeidsePlein (main square with theaters and cinema’s). Anne Frank’s House, Flower market, ‘9 Straatjes’ (high end shopping), the Jordaan (upmarket residential neighborhood) as well as the numerous canals are never more than a few minutes away, walking distance.  TO AND FRO There are several tram stops right outside the apartment that can take you to all sights in and around the city (as well ","This fine and spacious apartment is on two top floors (3th+4th) of a central Amsterdam building. Downstairs there is a large living room and an open kitchen. Upstairs there is a quiet bedroom with dark curtains, a study and a well fitted bathroom.  This newly renovated apartment is airy, bright, very private and clean. It has a crisp style. It is centrally located and it will be a treat to come home to after a busy Amsterdam day.  The apartment is 65 square meters which is very spacious for two people. There is a large balcony (direct sunshine till 2pm) where you can sit with a small table to have breakfast or quietly read surrounded by beautiful bamboo, other plants and flowers.  LOCATION:  The building is within walking distance of Dam square, Vondelpark or all the museums like Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk. It is a few streets away from LeidsePlein (main square with theaters and cinema’s). Anne Frank’s House, Flower market, ‘9 Straatjes’ (high end shopping), the Jordaan (upmarket",,,
