"With Airbnb, you can find unique accommodations in people's homes—from houses and apartments, to tree houses and igloos. The listing details below explain what you'll find in this space. If you have any questions, you can contact the host directly.","The life on a real houseboat in Amsterdam. Enjoying beautiful views through portholes, large windows, different decks. A beautiful living kitchen, separate large living space, 360 degrees view on water. Great location. From sunrise till sunset plenty of sun and enough places of shadow. The living room is heated by underfloor heating, the rest of the boat is centrally heated. There is a master bedroom and two bedrooms for the children with a bunkbed (see pictures) where you can also stay as an adult.   Outside you can sit on the deck.  Ten minutes by bike or bus from Central Station. No smoking, only on the deck. LOCATION AND SURROUNDINGS Zeeburg is located in the northeast of the city; it is the old port of Amsterdam where coffee and spices were landed by ship. Most ships are now converted into houseboats. In addition, Zeeburg is known for its modern architecture. It is a quiet neighborhood, 10 minutes by tram to the center.","With Airbnb, you can find unique accommodations in people's homes—from houses and apartments, to tree houses and igloos. The listing details below explain what you'll find in this space. If you have any questions, you can contact the host directly. The life on a real houseboat in Amsterdam. Enjoying beautiful views through portholes, large windows, different decks. A beautiful living kitchen, separate large living space, 360 degrees view on water. Great location. From sunrise till sunset plenty of sun and enough places of shadow. The living room is heated by underfloor heating, the rest of the boat is centrally heated. There is a master bedroom and two bedrooms for the children with a bunkbed (see pictures) where you can also stay as an adult.   Outside you can sit on the deck.  Ten minutes by bike or bus from Central Station. No smoking, only on the deck. LOCATION AND SURROUNDINGS Zeeburg is located in the northeast of the city; it is the old port of Amsterdam where coffee and spices ","The neighborhood is near the centre of Amsterdam but is still quiet, save and also childfriendly.","There is a bus at the other side of the water which brings you to central station, 10 minutes walk there is a tram that brings you to the centre of Amsterdam.",No candles or open fire allowed inside the boat. The boat is non smoking.
