,"Beautifully furnished and very spacious apartment situated in a safe district of Amsterdam. The apartment is a combination of modern, industry and classic design but more important it is a comfortable apartment. It is centrally located, in a quite street which brings you in 25 minutes to Schiphol Airport and with use of rented bikes minutes away from the cities main attractions: the famous Vondel Park, Anne Frank Museum, Madam Tussauds. In our districts there are a lot of nice bars, restaurants, the popular fruit & vegetable market (Ten Kartemarkt) and the main entertainment districts. Trams stop literally around the corner of our apartment.   The apartment contains everything you could possibly need during your stay. There is a balcony which you can use to read a book, have breakfast or drinking beers. The view is on a  garden seating area. The apartment is complete with wooden floors, spacious living room & open modern kitchen,  bathroom with walk-in shower. We have two bedrooms. One","Beautifully furnished and very spacious apartment situated in a safe district of Amsterdam. The apartment is a combination of modern, industry and classic design but more important it is a comfortable apartment. It is centrally located, in a quite street which brings you in 25 minutes to Schiphol Airport and with use of rented bikes minutes away from the cities main attractions: the famous Vondel Park, Anne Frank Museum, Madam Tussauds. In our districts there are a lot of nice bars, restaurants, the popular fruit & vegetable market (Ten Kartemarkt) and the main entertainment districts. Trams stop literally around the corner of our apartment.   The apartment contains everything you could possibly need during your stay. There is a balcony which you can use to read a book, have breakfast or drinking beers. The view is on a  garden seating area. The apartment is complete with wooden floors, spacious living room & open modern kitchen,  bathroom with walk-in shower. We have two bedrooms. One",,,"I do not have any houserules. However, this is Amsterdam and you have neighboors! So after midnight you should take it easy with the noice!. Smoking is prohibited but is allowed on the balcony offcourse."
