"Spacious place with loads of character and modern day comfort. On the edge of the city-centre, in the heart of Oud West. Pubs, museums, shops, parks; it's all right around the corner. Third floor, with balcony that's perfect for breakfast.  ","Apartment built in 1903, but recently renovated. Original details meet modern day comfort. Very central but also very quiet (the bedroom is in the back of the building. Loads of space for 2, possible to rent with 4. ","Spacious place with loads of character and modern day comfort. On the edge of the city-centre, in the heart of Oud West. Pubs, museums, shops, parks; it's all right around the corner. Third floor, with balcony that's perfect for breakfast.   Apartment built in 1903, but recently renovated. Original details meet modern day comfort. Very central but also very quiet (the bedroom is in the back of the building. Loads of space for 2, possible to rent with 4.  You'll have acces to full apartment, all equipment, private bath, toilet, balcony with morning sunshine. Wifi, washing machine, espresso-machine and microwave are all there.  You'll have the whole place to yourselves! If necessary my contact will help you out. I will be available to you through phone or email. Oud West is the place to be. Hip bars, small shops, deli's, the daily market, parks, museum-district, Jordaan district and 9-streets (shopping) and of course the famous canals are all within walking distance. Central location wit","Oud West is the place to be. Hip bars, small shops, deli's, the daily market, parks, museum-district, Jordaan district and 9-streets (shopping) and of course the famous canals are all within walking distance. Central location without the tourist crowds!","There is a tram stop right in front of my door. Trams will take you downtown and to central station within a few minutes. To get to my place from Central Station, just take the tram No. 13 (there is only one) and get off at the Bilderdijkstraat stop (it will be announced).  My place is just around the corner!","No smoking indoors, that's it."
