"I rent out my spacious 20 sq double bedroom with all the amenities that you need. There is a nice view from my room to the lake Sloterplats. Fluffy towels, hairdryer, free coffee/tea are included in the price. A map of Amsterdam is also provided, to help you find your way around the city.","Your room is a very spacious 20 sq meters room with a double bed, a small table, two poufs, a big desk and a comfortable office chair. You can use two of the closets in the room for your clothes and personal belongings.","I rent out my spacious 20 sq double bedroom with all the amenities that you need. There is a nice view from my room to the lake Sloterplats. Fluffy towels, hairdryer, free coffee/tea are included in the price. A map of Amsterdam is also provided, to help you find your way around the city. Your room is a very spacious 20 sq meters room with a double bed, a small table, two poufs, a big desk and a comfortable office chair. You can use two of the closets in the room for your clothes and personal belongings. - You rent only the room but you can also use the kitchen to make some  coffee/tea, but not for cooking. - There are two toilets and one shower in the apartment which you can use at any time. - There is a laundry room that you can use to wash your clothes. I am always available to answer any questions you might have.  I always try to respond to your questions and requests as soon as possible. Niew-West is a very nice Amsterdam neighborhood. You can find everything you need in walking d","Niew-West is a very nice Amsterdam neighborhood. You can find everything you need in walking distance. There is a large market with many super markets and all kinds of shops, restaurants and bars close-by. Lake Sloterplas and Sloterpark, which you can view from your room, are easily accessible by foot and a great place to walk around.","The apartment is close to the city center which you can reach by tram or bike. For Leidseplein - 20 minutes (tram 1 or bike) Vondelpark - 15 minutes (tram 1 or bike) Dam Square - 27 minutes (tram 1, 17 or bike) Central Station - 30 minutes (tram 17, 1 or bike) Schiphol Airport - 25 minutes (bus 69)   There are two tram stops close-by, one for tram 17 which is just  next to our house and one for tram 1 just 7 minutes walking distance. Both trams go to the center. Ruimzicht stop for bus 69 that goes to the airport is just 5 minutes walk.",- You can use two closets in the room. - Fluffy towels and hairdryer are available and included in the price. - You rent only the room but you can also use the kitchen to make some  coffee/tea etc. - Iron and iron board can be provided upon request. - Free Amsterdam city map and some stroopwafels (typical Dutch cookies) are offered upon arrival.
