"Welcome to our 82m2 home. We rent the guest bedroom of 8,5m2. Private balcony. Free wifi. Bed linen and towels provided. Quiet neighborhood (sometimes construction). WE ARE NOT IN THE CITY CENTER. THERE'S NO ELEVATOR. Plenty public transport. Schiphol nearby.  PLEASE READ OUR ENTIRE LISTING.  Answers to your questions are probably in there.  DO NOT click ""BOOK"", but instead message us and tell us something personal about yourselves. It's important to get to know each other. Thanks! Z&D","The guest bedroom is for rent in our home. It's a small room of 8,5m2 with a private balcony. We are on the 3rd floor, there is NO ELEVATOR. We have renovated our home completely in 2013. You'll have wifi free of charge. We offer clean towels and fresh bed linens.  Don't worry about allergies, because there are no animals living in the house, nor is there smoking inside of the home (allowed on the balcony, YET NO DRUGS OF ANY KIND). We live in this condominium, so know that we will share the toilet and the bathroom.  We think that your room will make your stay in Amsterdam pleasant and comfortable. Some people have asked if there's a lock on the room. There's not. But we don't run a hostel. You are our only guest(s).  Note: If you're interested in renting the room for your trip, please contact us  and await communication. Don't send a booking request, because there may be others before you in line to reserve. We like to get to know potential guests first. Please share with us a bit abo","Welcome to our 82m2 home. We rent the guest bedroom of 8,5m2. Private balcony. Free wifi. Bed linen and towels provided. Quiet neighborhood (sometimes construction). WE ARE NOT IN THE CITY CENTER. THERE'S NO ELEVATOR. Plenty public transport. Schiphol nearby.  PLEASE READ OUR ENTIRE LISTING.  Answers to your questions are probably in there.  DO NOT click ""BOOK"", but instead message us and tell us something personal about yourselves. It's important to get to know each other. Thanks! Z&D The guest bedroom is for rent in our home. It's a small room of 8,5m2 with a private balcony. We are on the 3rd floor, there is NO ELEVATOR. We have renovated our home completely in 2013. You'll have wifi free of charge. We offer clean towels and fresh bed linens.  Don't worry about allergies, because there are no animals living in the house, nor is there smoking inside of the home (allowed on the balcony, YET NO DRUGS OF ANY KIND). We live in this condominium, so know that we will share the toilet and t","Our neighborhood is called Overtoomse Veld/Slotervaart and is part of the larger borough Amsterdam New-West. It's a quiet neighborhood outside the city center, meaning: a good night's rest! Your room is on the garden side of the condo complex with complete quietude.  Currently, there is an apartment construction project going on a couple blocks behind us, and sometimes there's a bit of construction noise.  Thus, we want you to know this. And sometimes there's maintenance on our own building. It's Amsterdam and buildings are always in need of repairs. The city is built on a swamp! (which started in the year 1000). Amsterdam is a melting pot of cultures, religions, and beliefs, and our neighborhood is a multi-cultural area, predominantly Moroccan of Muslim faith. Don't book our room if you're prejudiced regarding the Muslim faith or people of ethnicity other than your own. We respect our neighbors.  Amenities in walking distance: Albert Heijn (grocery store across the street), LIDL (groc","Arrival/Departure: The apartment is easily accessible by public transportation. From Schiphol Airport, it's only one train stop and one metro stop to get to our condo (with very short walking distance from the metro station). From Amsterdam Centraal Station it is 20-25 minutes by bus, stopping in front of the door. We usually calculate 1-1,5hour after your arrival at the airport until our home (for retrieving luggage, finding the train, getting a ticket, etc).  ONLY CONFIRMED GUESTS RECEIVE A DETAILED LAY-OUT WITH INSTRUCTIONS TO GET TO THE APARTMENT. During your stay: you will find Rembrandtpark in walking distance. Walking to the city center takes about an hour (4,5km), which can be really nice on a good day. But otherwise we wouldn't suggest it. By bike you can arrive in Vondelpark or the Jordaan in 15 minutes. There's a bike rental on the August Allebéplein (Tourop Bikes on Jan Tooropstraat) for €10,- per day (just across the street from us, 2min walk). We love our location because","•	Please remove shoes inside the house •.     No cooking  •	Please open/close and (un)lock doors gently (the sounds of these echo through the whole house and to the downstairs neighbors) •	Mind the neighbors (no loud talking in the staircases)  •	No smoking inside the house (allowed on balconies), please do not throw any ash or cigarette butts over the balcony •	Open the curtains of your room when you depart for the day (and if weather permits a window too), light and fresh air are good things ☺  •	Keep all drains free of food and hair to avoid clogging (always remove hair from shower drain after use, preferably no late night showers)  •	Regulate water in the toilet by pushing back down the flusher  •	Men: put down the toilet seat after you’ve used it. Remember, you are a minority in this home ☺  Take beautiful memories with you of your trip to Amsterdam! :-)"
