"I love our place as it's light, spacious, and very easy going: central location yet quiet and relaxing, comfy beds, and 2 balconies where birds are singing.  It's at the 3rd en 4th floor; at street level there is a bike shop to rent your bike!","Very comfortable, sunny and stylish apartment (130 m2) in the popular 'Schinkelbuurt' neighborhood ('Oud Zuid'), on 3rd and 4th floor of a charming building. Looking for a place at a perfect location for the city center, the Vondelpark, and public transport? Love to discover a lively but relaxed neighbourhood with restaurants and cafes, and stay in a quiet, stylish apartment with the most comfortable bed in the world? You have found it!   Details 3rd floor Entry to a hall way with toilet and storage closet. Light and spacious living / dining room with large design sofa and 6-p dining table. The living is attached to the large kitchen, with all the equipment needed (dish washer, large stove including large gas burner, oven, nespresso machine, cooker, blender, juice press and large fridge / separate freezer).  Beautiful light coloured wooden floor throughout the 3rd floor.  Details top floor Stairway to 4th floor with high (leaded light) windows, leading to a passage currently used as st","I love our place as it's light, spacious, and very easy going: central location yet quiet and relaxing, comfy beds, and 2 balconies where birds are singing.  It's at the 3rd en 4th floor; at street level there is a bike shop to rent your bike! Very comfortable, sunny and stylish apartment (130 m2) in the popular 'Schinkelbuurt' neighborhood ('Oud Zuid'), on 3rd and 4th floor of a charming building. Looking for a place at a perfect location for the city center, the Vondelpark, and public transport? Love to discover a lively but relaxed neighbourhood with restaurants and cafes, and stay in a quiet, stylish apartment with the most comfortable bed in the world? You have found it!   Details 3rd floor Entry to a hall way with toilet and storage closet. Light and spacious living / dining room with large design sofa and 6-p dining table. The living is attached to the large kitchen, with all the equipment needed (dish washer, large stove including large gas burner, oven, nespresso machine, cook",,,"If you are a Spotify fan as we are, you might like to know that we have a Sonos sound system (integrated with Spotify)!  For a longer stay our really nice cleaning lady is available (rate € 10,- per hour)."
