A waggon luxurous designed as a hotel room on a farm at the border of Amsterdam. A unique way to experience living on a farm. Every morning a fresh breakfast with home made sheep's cheese and yoghurt.,"A waggon luxurious designed as a hotel room is located on a farm at the border of Amserdam. A unique way to get familiar with the life on a farm. Every morning a fresh breakfast with products of the farm and during the day you can assist the farmer with his work. The room has a double bed and an extra bed for a child. In the waggon is a kitchen, a fridge, coffee and tea equipment, heating, electricity and running water. It is ready to use with all bedlinen and towels available. The size of the car is 5 x 2 meters. The bathroom is in the farmers house and completely new.  The family Kuiper milks around 600 sheep everyday and produces delicious cheese and yoghurt from that milk. They appriciate your help and like to tell about their work on the farm. Especially for children the stay on the farm will be unforgettable.  The alternative activity is of course visiting Amsterdam. It is easy to get their by bus or on the bicycles.","A waggon luxurous designed as a hotel room on a farm at the border of Amsterdam. A unique way to experience living on a farm. Every morning a fresh breakfast with home made sheep's cheese and yoghurt. A waggon luxurious designed as a hotel room is located on a farm at the border of Amserdam. A unique way to get familiar with the life on a farm. Every morning a fresh breakfast with products of the farm and during the day you can assist the farmer with his work. The room has a double bed and an extra bed for a child. In the waggon is a kitchen, a fridge, coffee and tea equipment, heating, electricity and running water. It is ready to use with all bedlinen and towels available. The size of the car is 5 x 2 meters. The bathroom is in the farmers house and completely new.  The family Kuiper milks around 600 sheep everyday and produces delicious cheese and yoghurt from that milk. They appriciate your help and like to tell about their work on the farm. Especially for children the stay on the ","Waterland is a beautiful countryside area, with a large variaty of birdlife. The godwit is the most famous bird that breeds in this unique and largest colony in Europe. A tour through the 17th century villages in Waterland is an unforgettable experience.","There is a collect bus to Amsterdam, but driving to Amsterdam on a bicycle is a very nice adventure.",No pets allowed due to the other animals on the farm.
