"Zunderdorp is a little 17th century village near Amsterdam. In your B&B cottage you have your private bathroom and a breakfast room.  Visit the town centre (15 minutes by bus) or the countryside with several villages like Broek in Waterland, Volendam","Zunderdorp is a little 17th century village near Amsterdam. In your B&B cottage you have your private bathroom and a breakfast room.  Visit the town centre (15 minutes by bus) or the countryside with several villages like Broek in Waterland, Volendam and Zaanse Schans. The cows are your neighbours and you will find a golf court next door. Free parking. You have a room with a unlimited view on the countryside. Free bicycles and cycle route maps available. Visit the area where Rembrandt made his drawings. You can also use the diningroom-livingroom which you share with other guests. Around the house is a big terrace. Amsterdam center is easy to reach by public transport or on the bicycle you use for free. We have more rooms available. You see the price per room for 2-3 persons","Zunderdorp is a little 17th century village near Amsterdam. In your B&B cottage you have your private bathroom and a breakfast room.  Visit the town centre (15 minutes by bus) or the countryside with several villages like Broek in Waterland, Volendam Zunderdorp is a little 17th century village near Amsterdam. In your B&B cottage you have your private bathroom and a breakfast room.  Visit the town centre (15 minutes by bus) or the countryside with several villages like Broek in Waterland, Volendam and Zaanse Schans. The cows are your neighbours and you will find a golf court next door. Free parking. You have a room with a unlimited view on the countryside. Free bicycles and cycle route maps available. Visit the area where Rembrandt made his drawings. You can also use the diningroom-livingroom which you share with other guests. Around the house is a big terrace. Amsterdam center is easy to reach by public transport or on the bicycle you use for free. We have more rooms available. You see",,From the central station you can take metro 52 to Station Noord. From there you can order a taxi or a collect bus. Download the mokumflex app to order the bus. You need the number from your metro ticket. It takes about 1 hour before the bus arrives.  You can use the free bicycles or you can take the metro to the center of Amsterdam. You can also order the collect bus to the metro station.,No smoking in the rooms
