"My house is located in wonderfull Amsterdam Noord, 10 minutes from Central Station and the city center. In a quit neighborhood next to a park, swimming pool and a couple of grocery stores are just around the corner.","My house has a big downstairs living area with open kitchen en a nice glass facade facing the garden. With good weather, the doors facing the garden can be opened and breakfast in the garden is really relaxing. A lot of light and sun is presented all day. A mix of modern and vintage decorative elements, wood and an modern fire place will give you a warm and comfy feeling. The house has 2 toilets, one downstairs and one in the small but functional bathroom. Upstairs are 2 bedrooms, the one facing the garden has a big mezzanine bed. The one facing the street has a bureau and the washing machine and dry cleaner are located in this room.","My house is located in wonderfull Amsterdam Noord, 10 minutes from Central Station and the city center. In a quit neighborhood next to a park, swimming pool and a couple of grocery stores are just around the corner.","Amsterdam Noord is a little village in the city. To reach it, you have take the public transport boat from central station. A lot is going on here and recently it was elected to be one of the top three hippest places in the world to live. It's 10 minutes away from the city center and 10 minutes away from the 'polders' , the dutch countryside. Nearby my house you can find a small grocery, a bio shop, a nightshop, 3 super markets and on wednesday-friday and saturday there's a big open market in walking distance, selling local products. Bars and restaurants are well presented, you will find a map at my place and the location where to find these. A brand new swimming pool is just around the corner and it's a beautiful starting point to explore the city or the Dutch country side by bike.","Busstop (bus 34-35) is just around the corner  and brings you in 10 minutes to central station or back. A quick 15 minutes walk brings you to the 'Pont', a free public transport ferry that crosses the water to central station and back, every 10 minutes, 24/24h. If with the car, there's free parking in my street and its save to park here. Bikes can be rented in Noord.","I love my house, it's a great place to live in. I hope you will have the same feeling when staying here. It's a calm neighborhood and I have friendly neighbors. I would like to keep it that way. No smoking is allowed in the house. No drugs are allowed in the house. Beers/wine/spirits are present in my house, it's not for the guests. It's part of the decoration and for personal use. Feel free to use sugar-coffee-honey-tea-chili sauces- spices that you can find in the kitchen. Soap, garbage bags, tabs for the dishwasher and landry machines can be used. And like everywhere, try not to break anything and be respectfull. Garden door and front door have to be locked when leaving the house, and the windows facing the street have curtains to be closed at night. Don't put valuable items in front of the windows when leaving the house.All areas can be used accept the attic, this is a private area! Water the plants and feed the bird :-), thanks!"
