"Our beautiful and spacious apartment is located right in the center. It's including all facilities imaginable, a double bedroom large bathroom, modern kitchen and sunny balcony. Easily accessible by public transport & car (private parking included!).","This apartment is ideal for a 2 friends, a couple or a couple with 1 baby. - Apartment on 4th floor of a modern building (built in 2008), with elevator - 1 spacious bedroom - 1 baby crib, a baby box with toys - Modern bathroom (large bath for 2 persons, separate shower) - Modern, big kitchen equipped with all you'll need - Large balcony accessible from the living room, with afternoon/evening sun - Beautiful views over the canals of Amsterdam - Located in a quiet place right in the city centre - Near the buzzing Westerpark and Haarlemmerstraat shopping area","Our beautiful and spacious apartment is located right in the center. It's including all facilities imaginable, a double bedroom large bathroom, modern kitchen and sunny balcony. Easily accessible by public transport & car (private parking included!). This apartment is ideal for a 2 friends, a couple or a couple with 1 baby. - Apartment on 4th floor of a modern building (built in 2008), with elevator - 1 spacious bedroom - 1 baby crib, a baby box with toys - Modern bathroom (large bath for 2 persons, separate shower) - Modern, big kitchen equipped with all you'll need - Large balcony accessible from the living room, with afternoon/evening sun - Beautiful views over the canals of Amsterdam - Located in a quiet place right in the city centre - Near the buzzing Westerpark and Haarlemmerstraat shopping area - Use of the entire apartment (not shared with others) - Private parking spot  - Laundry facilities available (washing machine, dryer) - Fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, oven, freeze","This apartment is located in the Westerpark neigbourhood. It's a quite neigbourhood with the Westerpark just around the corner. Spaarndammerstraat is a nice street behind my street. You can find groceries here, but also nice sushi and pizza restaurants. The Haarlemmerstraat and Haarlemmerdijk are nice streets to make a walk with cool bars and shops. It's only a 10 to 20 minute walk to famous attractions in the center like Dam Square.","- bus 18, 21  to Central Station - bus 22 to Central Station and Artis Zoo - tram 3 to Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and Van Gogh Museum","Please enjoy the apartment like we do as well. Don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Smoking is allowed on the balcony. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
