"Stylish spacious 100sqm modern apt. Two bed apartment, you are booking just ONE private bedroom, the other may be occupied by me or housemate/guest. Or you may have the entire place to yourself. Could not be better located by lively Leidseplein with access to entertainment, transport, canals, museums, shopping, Vondelpark all within 2min!  Great for culture, work or play!",20sqm bedroom has Queen size double bed. 2 luxury airbeds available for extra folks in either the spare room or living room.,"Stylish spacious 100sqm modern apt. Two bed apartment, you are booking just ONE private bedroom, the other may be occupied by me or housemate/guest. Or you may have the entire place to yourself. Could not be better located by lively Leidseplein with access to entertainment, transport, canals, museums, shopping, Vondelpark all within 2min!  Great for culture, work or play! 20sqm bedroom has Queen size double bed. 2 luxury airbeds available for extra folks in either the spare room or living room. 2nd floor apartment, recently refurbished. Fully equipped with all mod cons, Netflix (via playstation), surround sound, Chromecast so you can stream anything on your device to big screen (download Goo -ogle Home app to connect), Sonos wireless speaker (download the app to play from your device), dishwasher, American fridge with icemaker, shower, washing machine, wireless internet. Please note that we can only accept bookings from fully completed profiles. We'd like to know something about you an","Leidseplein is the hotspot of Amsterdam, with hundreds of entertainment venues, live music from RocknRoll, Jazz, Electronic and more, comedy shows, clubs, bars, cocktails, restaurants, cinemas, you name it. - 5 mins to Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk Modern Art, Rijksmuseum and Concert Hall - 5 mins to Vondelpark  - 10 mins to Albert Cuyp market & The Heineken Experience - 10 mins to Rembrandtsplein and Dam Square - 15 mins to Centraal Station","Trams 1, 2, 5, 7, 10 all run from Leidseplein 2mins away. Airport takes 35 mins by public transport (direct bus or tram & train) but allow an hour at least. €35 by taxi 25 mins. Bikes can be rented or if I am not using mine you can borrow that. Parking: amsterdam fullstop info forwardslash parking Parking is possible nearby on the street 40eur/day or at Qpark Tesselschadestraat 1G 36/day or right next to my street at Prinsengracht 540 45eur/day. You don't need the car anyway so I would advise one of the 'park+ride' near the A10 1-8eur/day.  My recommendation:  P+R Olympisch Stadion (Olympic Stadium), Olympisch Stadion 44, 1076 DE Amsterdam; capacity: 250; located at the ring A10, exit S108; this parking lot has also free bicycles to lend (up to two bikes per car – your ID will be required). Or take tram 16 or 24 to Weteringcircuit roundabout and 4 min walk to my apartment in the centre.","You must be housetrained, social and interesting!  Pets should be fine but please ask. I occasionally have friends' dogs and cats visiting so please let me know if you have any issues with this and they will not be here. Smoking outside please. Whilst this is a lively neighbourhood, there are neighbours all around, so please be respectful. Quiet between 11pm - 7am. Please acknowledge this by replying ""Yes I acknowledge."" Thanks and enjoy your stay!"
