"Newly decorated house in trendy De Pijp area in city center of Amsterdam. Nearby musea, restaurants, bars and the famous Albert Cuyp market. Beautiful garden, big living room with open kitchen. Double bed and a crib with a thick mattress, suitable for a child up to 4 years old.  Bathroom with shower & bath. The apartment has all the needed facilities and is suitable for children!","The house is extraordinary for this historic part of the town, because of its size, modern decoration and its garden. Inside the house it is very quiet and relaxed. The house is newly decorated and very tidy. The whole house has characteristic wooden floors. The house is ideal for a couple. Also for a couple with a baby/child, because the  house is kids friendly, with a number of things for kids hidden in the house: a kids eating chair, kids plates and cutlery, sand box, baby bath, toys and kids books, a stair gate, covered wall sockets and a crib with a thick mattress (10cm), suitable for a child up to 4 years old. These things are not very visible so the house is great for people without kids as well. The bedroom has thick curtains to turn the room completely dark to have a good night rest. Normally our lovely cat is living at our place, but during the summer period (early July - end of Sept) the cat is also on a holiday!","Newly decorated house in trendy De Pijp area in city center of Amsterdam. Nearby musea, restaurants, bars and the famous Albert Cuyp market. Beautiful garden, big living room with open kitchen. Double bed and a crib with a thick mattress, suitable for a child up to 4 years old.  Bathroom with shower & bath. The apartment has all the needed facilities and is suitable for children! The house is extraordinary for this historic part of the town, because of its size, modern decoration and its garden. Inside the house it is very quiet and relaxed. The house is newly decorated and very tidy. The whole house has characteristic wooden floors. The house is ideal for a couple. Also for a couple with a baby/child, because the  house is kids friendly, with a number of things for kids hidden in the house: a kids eating chair, kids plates and cutlery, sand box, baby bath, toys and kids books, a stair gate, covered wall sockets and a crib with a thick mattress (10cm), suitable for a child up to 4 year","De Pijp is vibrant and very much on its way up. As can be expected of an area that is centred on the nation’s most famous outdoor market: Albert Cuypmarkt, near to the Heineken brewery. This Amsterdam neighbourhood is famously diverse with over 100 nationalities represented. While still the best neighbourhood to choose from a wide selection of ethnic food, more high-end bars and restaurants have come on the scene to service students and young professionals. Further east along De Pijp there is the Van Woustraat, a former fast food strip, there are now several of the city’s more highly regarded restaurants. But perhaps most representative of the area is Bazar, a former church on the Albert Cuypmarkt that has been reinvented as a funky North African café/restaurant. Distance to: Central station: 2 km, Dam square: 1,5 km, Museum square: 0,8 km.",Several trams stop around the corner. But many attractions are on walking distance. You can rent bikes around the corner.,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment. It would be great if you could feed our cat!"
