,"Our large and luxurious mobile home on the outskirts of the city is located at the “De Badhoeve” campsite in Durgerdam. The property is an ideal base from which families and small groups of up to four persons can explore Amsterdam and its surroundings as well as engage in recreational activities at the well- equipped campsite. Location The “De Badhoeve” campsite is located less than 10 kilometres from Amsterdam city centre, close to the picturesque village of Durgerdam. Situated between the Ijssel Lake and the Kinsel Lake, the campsite offers a wide range of reacreational activities, including cycling, swimming and fishing. For those seeking the occasional change of pace, Amsterdam can be reached by car in approximately 15 minutes. Short day-trips can be just as easily made to idyllic villages such as Monnickendam, Marken, Edam and Volendam in the surrounding area. Our accommodation The spacious mobile home is large enough to comfortably accommodate four persons and, with its outdoor t","Our large and luxurious mobile home on the outskirts of the city is located at the “De Badhoeve” campsite in Durgerdam. The property is an ideal base from which families and small groups of up to four persons can explore Amsterdam and its surroundings as well as engage in recreational activities at the well- equipped campsite. Location The “De Badhoeve” campsite is located less than 10 kilometres from Amsterdam city centre, close to the picturesque village of Durgerdam. Situated between the Ijssel Lake and the Kinsel Lake, the campsite offers a wide range of reacreational activities, including cycling, swimming and fishing. For those seeking the occasional change of pace, Amsterdam can be reached by car in approximately 15 minutes. Short day-trips can be just as easily made to idyllic villages such as Monnickendam, Marken, Edam and Volendam in the surrounding area. Our accommodation The spacious mobile home is large enough to comfortably accommodate four persons and, with its outdoor t",,"There is no public transport close to the camping. A car, taxi or bike are the only options to reach the camping.","Smoking is permitted only on the outdoor terrace, not inside the mobile-home.  Use of hard and soft drugs is not allowed anywhere on the campsite, including all areas of the mobile-home.  Open fire at the barbecue pit is a source of potential danger, and we urge you to use all reasonable precautions when using the same, particularly near the mobile-home, the shed or under the tent fabric on the terrace. In case of damage to the property arising from careless or irresponsible behavior, the cost to repair the damage will be levied upon the guest(s).  As neighbouring properties are within close proximity, we ask you to kindly keep the noise level down after 10 p.m. If after repeated requests the disturbance does not cease, in extreme cases, it could lead to your removal from the campsite.  On the day of departure please vacate the mobile-home before 11 a.m.. Upon departure, you can return the key directly to us or to the reception desk.  While we do not ask guests to clean up the mobile-h"
