"Our stylish and comfortable design house is located in the popular Watergraafsmeer / East Amsterdam.  It is a very nice quiet area. Shops, a lot of great (trendy) restaurants and bars are nearby. The house is designed by a dutch interior designer. 180m2 is playful divided by split levels, 4 meter high ceilings (!) and large windows. You'll find the best places just around the corner, but it's not as busy as in the centre. You can even park in front of the door!","Our luxurious house has 2 floors. Upstairs you'll find the open kitchen, dining and large living. 2 open sliding-doors to the sunny terrace and nice city garden with BBQ and big round couch. Downstairs the 3 bedrooms and bathroom with a large bath (and sonos music system!). The bedrooms are located at the back/garden side, so it's very quiet!","Our stylish and comfortable design house is located in the popular Watergraafsmeer / East Amsterdam.  It is a very nice quiet area. Shops, a lot of great (trendy) restaurants and bars are nearby. The house is designed by a dutch interior designer. 180m2 is playful divided by split levels, 4 meter high ceilings (!) and large windows. You'll find the best places just around the corner, but it's not as busy as in the centre. You can even park in front of the door! Our luxurious house has 2 floors. Upstairs you'll find the open kitchen, dining and large living. 2 open sliding-doors to the sunny terrace and nice city garden with BBQ and big round couch. Downstairs the 3 bedrooms and bathroom with a large bath (and sonos music system!). The bedrooms are located at the back/garden side, so it's very quiet! You will have excess in the whole house. Except our dressing room, where we keep our private stuff. We will make sure you have enough place to store your clothes. You can reach us any time ","In the Watergraafsmeer you'll find everything you need! Shops, the best restaurants, bars and nice parks. Across the street there will open (begin of March) a very cool brewery / restaurant concept 'Poesiat & de Kater'. Also the pricewinning restaurant 'BAUT' is 200 meters from our house. And last but not least also the popular Javastraat is nearby! If you like to go to a park, we have Oosterpark, park Frankendael & Flevopark around the corner. Also perfect with kids. Amsterdam East is one of the upcoming or so called hipster neighbourhoods in Amsterdam! It almost seems that a new hotspot pops up almost every day in this neighbourhood. It’s nearby the city centre, but has such a different vibe. A drink at the rooftop of The Volkshotel is a must to enjoy the stunning views over Amsterdam! When it comes to restaurants there is something for everyone. From trendy coffee bars, cosy restaurants, industrial warehouses, cocktail bars to concept stores! The Czaar Peter Street and the Javastraa",Parking spots are always available in front of the door.  The tram and busstops you'll find on 5 min. walking distance. Within 15 minutes you are in the citycentre. The area is a perfect pllace to go by bike. You can rent a bike nextdoor.,
