"In our beautiful 'Canalhouse' - from the 1730's and located in the historical centre at a canal of the famous ""Canal Belt"" - we live and work downstairs at the ground floor and offer you a charming, fully independent Studio apartment for 2 at the 2nd floor. Please note:  July-Oct: due to renovation works in the basement you might sometimes hear some noise at weekdays between approx. 9.00 and 17.00. For these nights a reduced rate is applicable and already incorporated into the booking calendar.","Although not very large in m², this NON SMOKING, tastefully decorated Studio-apartment (approx. 25m2) offers you a complete apartment with: - A very sunny and comfortable LIVING ROOM WITH CANAL VIEW, with a really good, comfortable double bed (140 x 200; slatted bedframe with comfort mattress). When wished, the bed can be fold back very easily for more living room at daytime (see pictures). - A KITCHENETTE with 2 electrical stoves, sink, combi-microwave/grill/oven, fridge/freezer, Nespresso and Espresso, toaster, pots and pans, plates etc makes even a diner 'at home' possible after a buzzy and inspiring day in the city. - A private small BATHROOM with shower, washbasin and toilet. - Sheets, towels and kitchen towels included. - A washing machine/dryer. - WIFI. - Central Heating. - Apartment on 2nd floor, 2 stairs up (no elevator). - Non Smoking Apartment. - Final cleaning: Just chose! Either we can organize it for you for an optional additional cost of €30,-. Or you can save these cost","In our beautiful 'Canalhouse' - from the 1730's and located in the historical centre at a canal of the famous ""Canal Belt"" - we live and work downstairs at the ground floor and offer you a charming, fully independent Studio apartment for 2 at the 2nd floor. Please note:  July-Oct: due to renovation works in the basement you might sometimes hear some noise at weekdays between approx. 9.00 and 17.00. For these nights a reduced rate is applicable and already incorporated into the booking calendar. Although not very large in m², this NON SMOKING, tastefully decorated Studio-apartment (approx. 25m2) offers you a complete apartment with: - A very sunny and comfortable LIVING ROOM WITH CANAL VIEW, with a really good, comfortable double bed (140 x 200; slatted bedframe with comfort mattress). When wished, the bed can be fold back very easily for more living room at daytime (see pictures). - A KITCHENETTE with 2 electrical stoves, sink, combi-microwave/grill/oven, fridge/freezer, Nespresso and ","At walking distance of all major sites and museums and just around the corner of the Amstel River with the famous 'Skinny Bridge', the Opera house, the Hermitage Museum, the Rembrandt-house museum, the Botanical Garden, the Zoo and the Waterloo-plein market.  Good restaurants, supermarkets and nice shops are nearby.","Very easy access from and to Schiphol Airport and train-stations (Central Station and Amstel Station), as metrostation 'Waterlooplein' and tram-stop ""Artis"" are around the corner (3-5 minutes walking). At booking we will email you a 'routeplanner' with helpful information.","Feel at home and enjoy our beautiful town!  We""ll trust that you will respect our neighbors, do not party and do not smoke in the apartment and take care of our beloved home and house. We are living and working downstairs at the ground floor apartment of our canal house. When you have any questions, we are at hand. Please knock our door, ring our doorbel or phones and we will be pleased to try to help you. - Non Smoking Apartment - Animals not allowed - Check in: between 16.00 and 22.00 (on request luggage can be dropped earlier and sometimes also the check in itself) - Check out: before 11.00 ( luggage can be picked up later) - Final cleaning: Either we can organize it for you for an optional additional cost of €30,-. Or you can save these costs and do the cleaning yourself and leave the apartment as good as found (cleaning materials and equipment are provided in the apartment and in both cases you don’t need to worry about the washing of bed linen and towels, because that will be don"
