"While on holidays, we are renting out our apartment.  Ideal for family with small kid(s). Several playgrounds in close vicinity. The apartment is situated on ground floor in a characteristic building that was built in 1895 and nowadays is a municipal monument.  Building was completely renovated in 2007.","While on holidays, we are renting out our apartment.  Ideal for family with small kid(s). Several playgrounds in close vicinity. The apartment is situated on ground floor in a characteristic building that was built in 1895 and nowadays is a municipal monument.  Building was completely renovated in 2007.   THE APARTMENT:  The apartment measures 85 square meters on two levels.  Apartment consists of three rooms; a living room including an open kitchen and two bedrooms. There is one bathroom. A great bonus is our back garden.  Style is clean, open, modern. WiFi. ROOMS AND FACILITIES: Entrance is from street level. On the same floor you will find:  - Spacious hall - Nice bathroom with toilet and shower (towels are available, so you can leave these at home)  - Washer and dryer (in the bathroom) Climb a short open staircase and reach the upper level.  On this level you will find the living room with open kitchen. Living room: - Couch - Flat screen TV (HD, cable) - Large dining table with 4 c","While on holidays, we are renting out our apartment.  Ideal for family with small kid(s). Several playgrounds in close vicinity. The apartment is situated on ground floor in a characteristic building that was built in 1895 and nowadays is a municipal monument.  Building was completely renovated in 2007. While on holidays, we are renting out our apartment.  Ideal for family with small kid(s). Several playgrounds in close vicinity. The apartment is situated on ground floor in a characteristic building that was built in 1895 and nowadays is a municipal monument.  Building was completely renovated in 2007.   THE APARTMENT:  The apartment measures 85 square meters on two levels.  Apartment consists of three rooms; a living room including an open kitchen and two bedrooms. There is one bathroom. A great bonus is our back garden.  Style is clean, open, modern. WiFi. ROOMS AND FACILITIES: Entrance is from street level. On the same floor you will find:  - Spacious hall - Nice bathroom with toile","Our apartment is in an area with lots of trendy restaurants, bars, coffee places and shops. Ten Katemarkt and Foodhallen are next door. Leidseplein, Vondelpark and de Jordaan; 5 minutes by foot!  Tired of walking? Rent a bike or hop on 4 different tram nearby including a direct line to Central Station. Our green garden is perfect for breakfast or a drink to recover from and/or to prepare for bustling streets of Amsterdam.",,- No parties/events - Keep it quiet in the garden and on the street after 10PM - No smoking inside (OK in the garden) - No eating and drinking on the couch (it's new)
