"The apartment is excellent located in one of the best area of Amsterdam, the  ""Jordaan area"".  The apartment with 2 big folding doors, with magnificant view overlooking the canal, a private wooden sofa in front of the apartment, the apartment has  spacious bathroom, with bath and separate shower, the bedroom is very quiet located, with a kingsize bed. The apartment is  located on the ground floor. A safe indoor parking open 24/7 at 5 walking minutes distance.","The unique apartment has 2 big doors with glass for a great view on the Lauriergracht canal, an well known canal for famous painters in many centuries.  The kitchen is fully equipped, including espresso machine + milk creamer, watercooker, dishwasher, oven, 5 burners.  Central heating, easily regulated with a thermostat. Flatscreen tv, radio. Netflix & fast WiFi including your stay.  Design bathroom, with bath and separate shower, hairdryer available, shampoo, shower gel and soap on your arrival. Good quality bath towels & 100% cotton sheets. Close to the bedroom there is a separate room for your luggage, to unpack or iron your clothing. At your arrival, coffee, tea and sugar are available. Welcome present on your arrival.","The apartment is excellent located in one of the best area of Amsterdam, the  ""Jordaan area"".  The apartment with 2 big folding doors, with magnificant view overlooking the canal, a private wooden sofa in front of the apartment, the apartment has  spacious bathroom, with bath and separate shower, the bedroom is very quiet located, with a kingsize bed. The apartment is  located on the ground floor. A safe indoor parking open 24/7 at 5 walking minutes distance. The unique apartment has 2 big doors with glass for a great view on the Lauriergracht canal, an well known canal for famous painters in many centuries.  The kitchen is fully equipped, including espresso machine + milk creamer, watercooker, dishwasher, oven, 5 burners.  Central heating, easily regulated with a thermostat. Flatscreen tv, radio. Netflix & fast WiFi including your stay.  Design bathroom, with bath and separate shower, hairdryer available, shampoo, shower gel and soap on your arrival. Good quality bath towels & 100% co","The appartment is located at one the most beautifull districts of Amsterdam, in the center of the city,  name of this district is ""The Jordaan"" and now on Unesco world heritage list.   Highlights of the area & close by: • Anne Frank House   • Van Gogh museum • Rijksmuseum • Stedelijk Museum • Amsterdam Historic Museum  • Shopping area"" Nine 9 Streets""  • Yoga schools • Famous Galeries • Antique market on Monday ""Noordermarkt"", & "" De Looier "" Antique market 7 days open • Finest restaurants, rentals of bikes and boats (also private boats to rent with captain).","You will probably not need a lot of public transport, you are already in the Jordaan, the center of all the nice places to see, on walking distance of many highlights. The apartment is located in the heart of The Jordaan, around the corner with Prinsengracht and all other main canals, with their shops, galleries and restaurants. The supermarket, around the corner is open at 07.30 hrs till 22.00 hrs and an biological supermarket EKO PLAZA, restaurants and take-away food, bakery, drug-store etc all on 2 minutes walking distance. Staying here will make you experience what it is really like to live in Amsterdam.",• Non smoking in the appartment. • No pets • No loud music/noise after 22:30 hrs • Minimum stay of 3 nights • Maximum of 2 persons (3 persons on special request)
