"Great large & clean apartment (65m2) in a quiet area of the east side of Amsterdam. Close to the train station and trams/busses which can take you anywhere. Or rent a bicycle (great Dutch experience!). Close to diverse restaurants, bars and market.","The apartment is large for an Amsterdam apartment, clean and quiet in the east side of Amsterdam. The living room is very light and spacious. The bedroom is nice and cozy and there is a large kitchen with balcony, during the spring and summer time you can enjoy the sun almost the entire day.","Great large & clean apartment (65m2) in a quiet area of the east side of Amsterdam. Close to the train station and trams/busses which can take you anywhere. Or rent a bicycle (great Dutch experience!). Close to diverse restaurants, bars and market. The apartment is large for an Amsterdam apartment, clean and quiet in the east side of Amsterdam. The living room is very light and spacious. The bedroom is nice and cozy and there is a large kitchen with balcony, during the spring and summer time you can enjoy the sun almost the entire day. - wifi  - kitchen, oven, microwave, fridge - cooking supplies, oil and seasoning  - coffee, tea I will make sure you can reach me at all times if needed! It's on the quiet side of the East Side of Amsterdam. Between 2 nice green parks. It's close to supermarkets, the (Dapper)markt, several bars, restaurants, shops, the zoo, museums and only 10 - 15 minutes bike ride to the centre of Amsterdam. Or by public transport also about 15 minutes. Amsterdam East ","It's on the quiet side of the East Side of Amsterdam. Between 2 nice green parks. It's close to supermarkets, the (Dapper)markt, several bars, restaurants, shops, the zoo, museums and only 10 - 15 minutes bike ride to the centre of Amsterdam. Or by public transport also about 15 minutes. Amsterdam East is the new place to be in Amsterdam! Many new cute coffee bars, super fun bars to go for a drink and great restaurants.",The bus/tram/train station is extremely close and you can rent a bike closeby for the ultimate Amsterdam experience. Coming from Schiphol the train takes about 30 minutes. And with the train you can even go to the beach which is also about 30 minutes.,- Please be considerate of my neighbours (no noise in the hallway or after 11pm) - No smoking  - No drugs
