"Cozy, very private and on your own private floor, 100% in a lovely 17th century Dutch townhouse in the heart of the city. Located a stones throw from Rembrandt Square, Dam Square, Leidse Square and Flower Market. Walking distance from Central Station. Comfortable lockable room with comfortable bed and with private bathroom in every room, double glazed windows and night blackout curtains, flat screen TV and mini fridge, Wi-Fi. No bathtub only shower. No curfew. Lockable door.","For those who like all facets of city life. In the streets surrounding the house, there are lots of antique shops, and for those who are into browsing for antiques. The Rijksmuseum is a short walk away. The famous nine-streets with all its little boutique shops, cafes, restaurants and whatnot is also around the corner. The Dam Square, Leidse Square and Rembrandt Squarejust minutes to walk. No Curfew. In all rooms you feel 100% privacy.  Hair dryer, towels and linens are included. Airport pick-up is possible at extra charge (ask for it)","Cozy, very private and on your own private floor, 100% in a lovely 17th century Dutch townhouse in the heart of the city. Located a stones throw from Rembrandt Square, Dam Square, Leidse Square and Flower Market. Walking distance from Central Station. Comfortable lockable room with comfortable bed and with private bathroom in every room, double glazed windows and night blackout curtains, flat screen TV and mini fridge, Wi-Fi. No bathtub only shower. No curfew. Lockable door. For those who like all facets of city life. In the streets surrounding the house, there are lots of antique shops, and for those who are into browsing for antiques. The Rijksmuseum is a short walk away. The famous nine-streets with all its little boutique shops, cafes, restaurants and whatnot is also around the corner. The Dam Square, Leidse Square and Rembrandt Squarejust minutes to walk. No Curfew. In all rooms you feel 100% privacy.  Hair dryer, towels and linens are included. Airport pick-up is possible at extr","Located just in between famous central canals. In the streets surrounding the house, there are lots of antique shops, and for those who are into browsing for antiques. The Rijksmuseum is a short walk away. The famous nine-streets with all its little boutique shops, cafes, restaurants and whatnot is also around the corner. The Dam Square, Leidse Square and Rembrandt Squarejust minutes to walk. No Curfew. In all rooms you feel 100% privacy.  Hair dryer, towels and linens are included. Airport pick-up is possible at extra charge (ask for it)","No need to use any transport! All is within a walking distance! But if you like to use the local tram, the stop is just few meters away.","This studio/room takes entire floor and has it own small bathroom. Please note we require you to contact us at-least 1-2 week before arrival with estimated arrival time as we do not have reception. Please contact us if you will be late. No curfew, free entrance 27/7 with your own keys.  No smoking house! No party house! No drugs! No night guests!"
