"Beautiful, very spacious apartment on the canal and with a balcony on the west. The apartment has a private entrance and is only five minutes walking from Vondelpark and 20 minutes (walk through the park) from Museumsquare and Leidseplan.","The apartment is very luxurious and is decorated with the best possible materials. It has a private entrance and after one stairway you have all the rooms and the balcony on the same floor!!!  The view on the canal is just astonishing and the 40 m2 private balcony, where the sun goes down in the evening, is ultra comfortable. The living room has two couches and a dining table for six. The apartment has two two separte sleeping rooms with each a comfortable double bed. The bathroom and the kitchen are brand new and high class. All together this house is perfect for two couples or a family.","Beautiful, very spacious apartment on the canal and with a balcony on the west. The apartment has a private entrance and is only five minutes walking from Vondelpark and 20 minutes (walk through the park) from Museumsquare and Leidseplan. The apartment is very luxurious and is decorated with the best possible materials. It has a private entrance and after one stairway you have all the rooms and the balcony on the same floor!!!  The view on the canal is just astonishing and the 40 m2 private balcony, where the sun goes down in the evening, is ultra comfortable. The living room has two couches and a dining table for six. The apartment has two two separte sleeping rooms with each a comfortable double bed. The bathroom and the kitchen are brand new and high class. All together this house is perfect for two couples or a family. In the apartment you have all the privacy you can wish. Me or one of my friends will welcome you and then it is up to you to enjoy Amsterdam. The apartment is locate","The apartment is located in between streets with lots of restaurants, pubs et cetera. And only five minutes walking from the famous Vondelpark. And only one walk trough the park to museum square. Five minutes walking is a tram stop where tram nr. 1 passes. With this tram you are within 20 minutes at central station and have passed Leidseplein (five minutes), Prinsengracht (10 minutes) and Dam square (15 minutes.)","From Schiphol airport: Take the train to Amsterdam Lelylaan (the first stop in the direction of Amsterdam Central Station). Train ride takes about five minutes. From Amsterdam Lelylaan you take tram number 1 (direction Central station) and get out at the third stop (Overtoomse sluis). Tram ride takes about five minutes. When you get off the tram, you have to walk about fifty meters back to cross the canal and then walk to the right. After two hundred meters you find the appartment.  From Central station: Take tram nr. 1 (Direction Osdorp de Aker) Get out at stop number 12 (Overtoomse Sluis). Tram ride takes 20 minutes. This is a ride through the center of Amsterdam (you pass, the dam, leidseplein and the canals). From the tram stop it is five minutes walking. When you get off the tram, you have to walk about fifty meters further to cross the canal and then walk to the right. After two hundred meters you find the appartment.",No pets allowed.  Smoking is allowed outside on the balcony.  For the rest be careful with everything and enjoy!
