This former artist's studio takes up the third  (and top) floor of my 17th century Amsterdam bell gable house.,"The studio consists of the top floor (=3d)  of my Amsterdam 17th century clock gable house.  It has the following features:  - two flights of stairs to get there, although for Amsterdam standards not    very long or steep,  -  they are a bit narrow and winding..!! - 34m2 - Possibility to store  luggage downstairs when arriving early or leaving late. - Bathroom with shower, wash basin and toilet. - Hair dryer - Bed - and bathroom linen. - Fridge and microwave combi oven. - Nespresso (machine and capsules) and tea included. - King size bed: 200 x 180 cm - Comfy reading chairs at a large window overlooking the typical Amsterdam street - TV / DVD Player - Stereo with bluetooth connection - Wifi (free) - Central location, all major attractions are a short  walk away. - Gay friendly The place is very warm and personal, and perfectly suited for a single traveler or couple to retreat as well as to discover Amsterdam. Many museums around the corner, the famous Van Gogh - , the Rijksmuseum and t","This former artist's studio takes up the third  (and top) floor of my 17th century Amsterdam bell gable house. The studio consists of the top floor (=3d)  of my Amsterdam 17th century clock gable house.  It has the following features:  - two flights of stairs to get there, although for Amsterdam standards not    very long or steep,  -  they are a bit narrow and winding..!! - 34m2 - Possibility to store  luggage downstairs when arriving early or leaving late. - Bathroom with shower, wash basin and toilet. - Hair dryer - Bed - and bathroom linen. - Fridge and microwave combi oven. - Nespresso (machine and capsules) and tea included. - King size bed: 200 x 180 cm - Comfy reading chairs at a large window overlooking the typical Amsterdam street - TV / DVD Player - Stereo with bluetooth connection - Wifi (free) - Central location, all major attractions are a short  walk away. - Gay friendly The place is very warm and personal, and perfectly suited for a single traveler or couple to retreat ","residential and quiet, yet in the middle of things...","Public transport,nearby stops tram  lines: 4  Frederiksplein - 2 min  walk 7   Frederiksplein - 2 min    ,, 10  Frederiksplein - 2 min   ,, 16  Weteringcircuit - 5 min  ,, 24  Weteringcircuit - 5 min  ,, ","Studio for two (2) guests max. Check-out: 11 am. Of course you're welcome to leave your bags downstairs for picking up later. Check-in: the studio will be ready for you as of 2 p.m at the latest, often sooner. You're welcome to drop off bags and collect keys right away though!"
