"Because of our honeymoontrip to Japan we are looking for 2 persons who would like to stay in Amsterdam for a period of three weeks. We live in front of a beautiful parc, 10-15 minutes distance of the city centre by tram or bike. We are looking for people who are font of cats and would like to care of our cats besides staying in our beautiful appartment. They are lovely and liked to be hugged, their names are Jack and Maya.","❖ Description: Typical 1930 apartment (63 sq m) on the first floor, renovated too modern standards. Spacious living room, room and suite dining room, kitchen, bedroom with a 2 person box spring bed and a clean bathroom. Balcony on the backside facing west. In the afternoon till the evening you can enjoy a lot of sun. Washer and dryer available.  ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– ❖ Good Location:  The street/neighborhood is quiet and close to the Erasmus Park. The apartment is also very close to daily groceries like different supermarkets, a bakery, post, drugstore, hairdresser, butcher, eco market, liquor store, snackbar and gift shop. Every week from Tuesday till Saturday there's a big multicultural market on the Bos en Lommer Square. This apartment is located 10 to 15 minutes away from the centre of Amsterdam and perfectly attainable with public transport. The nearest tram/bus stop is only 3 minutes away (on foot) with a direct line to the Dam Square (12 minutes). O","Because of our honeymoontrip to Japan we are looking for 2 persons who would like to stay in Amsterdam for a period of three weeks. We live in front of a beautiful parc, 10-15 minutes distance of the city centre by tram or bike. We are looking for people who are font of cats and would like to care of our cats besides staying in our beautiful appartment. They are lovely and liked to be hugged, their names are Jack and Maya. ❖ Description: Typical 1930 apartment (63 sq m) on the first floor, renovated too modern standards. Spacious living room, room and suite dining room, kitchen, bedroom with a 2 person box spring bed and a clean bathroom. Balcony on the backside facing west. In the afternoon till the evening you can enjoy a lot of sun. Washer and dryer available.  ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– ❖ Good Location:  The street/neighborhood is quiet and close to the Erasmus Park. The apartment is also very close to daily groceries like different supermarkets, a bakery, ","It is quiet neighbourhood, on a small walking distance to a beautiful parc. You can enjoy the beautiful dynamics of the city of Amsterdam and rest and relax in this light modern apartment.",This apartment is located 10 to 15 minutes away from the centre of Amsterdam and perfectly attainable with public transport. The nearest tram/bus stop is only 3 minutes away (on foot) with a direct line to the Dam Square (12 minutes). On bike it is 10 minutes away from the city centre.,Please keep quiet after 22:00 hours.
