"2 bright rooms in a large SHARED apartment located in a beautiful park! The apartment has a large open kitchen, a huge dining area and living room and a balcony that gets sun from 8am till 8pm! Only 15 minute bike ride from the city centre!","There are 2 bright bedrooms being rented out in a house of 4 bedrooms. Bedding and towels are available. The rest of the apartment is quite large and is shared with 2 other friendly roommates and/or other guests!!  **PLEASE NOTE: FOR GROUPS OF 4 AND 5, ONE ROOM WILL HAVE A TWO-PERSONS MATTRESS ON THE FLOOR** You can watch a film while lounging on our couches, eat breakfast at the ""bar,"" enjoy the sunset from our balcony or read the newspaper amongst the plants on our dining room table!  Kitchen and bathrooms are shared with the roommates. (The toilet and shower are in separate rooms). We have a stove, fridge, microwave, coffee machine, washing machine, and free wifi!","2 bright rooms in a large SHARED apartment located in a beautiful park! The apartment has a large open kitchen, a huge dining area and living room and a balcony that gets sun from 8am till 8pm! Only 15 minute bike ride from the city centre! There are 2 bright bedrooms being rented out in a house of 4 bedrooms. Bedding and towels are available. The rest of the apartment is quite large and is shared with 2 other friendly roommates and/or other guests!!  **PLEASE NOTE: FOR GROUPS OF 4 AND 5, ONE ROOM WILL HAVE A TWO-PERSONS MATTRESS ON THE FLOOR** You can watch a film while lounging on our couches, eat breakfast at the ""bar,"" enjoy the sunset from our balcony or read the newspaper amongst the plants on our dining room table!  Kitchen and bathrooms are shared with the roommates. (The toilet and shower are in separate rooms). We have a stove, fridge, microwave, coffee machine, washing machine, and free wifi! The apartment is located in beautifiul Rembrandtpark, where you can enjoy a stroll,",,,"Of course, it is a shared apartment, so cleaning up after yourself is expected!"
