,"The area: The house is situated in the Center of Amsterdam, in a charming quiet street, facing the famous Vondelpark. Although in the centre with all entertainment nearby at walkingdistance, the house is situated at one of the most beautiful and quiet streets of the City whith beautiful villa's facing the park! When you enter the street you can hear the birds singing! The Vondelpark is famous for  its quiet places, playgrounds, nice terraces and beautiful nature, perfect for a picnic!  Within walkingdistance from this house, you’ll find great restaurants, the Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, the No1 upper class shopping street (PC Hooft), Cinema's, Paradiso, Leidse square, the Amsterdan Canals and etc. Everything you would like to do in Amsterdam is nearby and easy to walk. Or, you cycle within 5 minutes to the Albert Cuyp Market, Historic Museum,The Pijp etc. The house:  Built in 1890, renovated in 2005 and tastefully designed. It is a ground floor apartment with souterrain and gard","The area: The house is situated in the Center of Amsterdam, in a charming quiet street, facing the famous Vondelpark. Although in the centre with all entertainment nearby at walkingdistance, the house is situated at one of the most beautiful and quiet streets of the City whith beautiful villa's facing the park! When you enter the street you can hear the birds singing! The Vondelpark is famous for  its quiet places, playgrounds, nice terraces and beautiful nature, perfect for a picnic!  Within walkingdistance from this house, you’ll find great restaurants, the Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, the No1 upper class shopping street (PC Hooft), Cinema's, Paradiso, Leidse square, the Amsterdan Canals and etc. Everything you would like to do in Amsterdam is nearby and easy to walk. Or, you cycle within 5 minutes to the Albert Cuyp Market, Historic Museum,The Pijp etc. The house:  Built in 1890, renovated in 2005 and tastefully designed. It is a ground floor apartment with souterrain and gard",,There is public transport like busses and trams within 3 minutes walkingdistance,"No more people than 4 people unless otherwise agreed. NO DRUGS ALLOWED. No party or loud music. No pets, no smoking allowed but feel free to use the garden. We expect our renters to keep the house neat and clean and to be polite to our neighbours.  Check-in after 1600, check-out before 12.00"
