"In upcoming neighbourhood De Baarsjes, this trendy 55 m2 apt (1 bedrm) is perfect for a couple exploring A'dam by bike or public transport. 10 min bike ride to city centre. Undiscovered bars and restaurants around corner. 10 min walk to Vondelpark.","Entire apartment, privacy guaranteed. Fully equipped kitchen. WiFi included, bring your own device. Balcony facing south. Excellent public transport connections to city centre, central station and airport. Oak wooden floor, designer furniture (Gispen, Vitra). Bike rental around the corner.","In upcoming neighbourhood De Baarsjes, this trendy 55 m2 apt (1 bedrm) is perfect for a couple exploring A'dam by bike or public transport. 10 min bike ride to city centre. Undiscovered bars and restaurants around corner. 10 min walk to Vondelpark. Entire apartment, privacy guaranteed. Fully equipped kitchen. WiFi included, bring your own device. Balcony facing south. Excellent public transport connections to city centre, central station and airport. Oak wooden floor, designer furniture (Gispen, Vitra). Bike rental around the corner. Fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, gas stove, oven, juicer, toaster, coffee maker, fridge). Wifi Cable TV (BBC, German broadcasters) with BluRay player and USB input. Bring your own movies!  We will be on holiday, so key delivery happens through a friend. It's an up and coming neighbourhood with local bars and restaurants popping up all the time. These treasures are undiscovered by tourists so they give you the authentic trendy Amsterdam atmosphere! Supe",It's an up and coming neighbourhood with local bars and restaurants popping up all the time. These treasures are undiscovered by tourists so they give you the authentic trendy Amsterdam atmosphere! Supermarkets and grocery stores are around the corner (30 meters). Vondelpark entrance is at a 10 minute walk. Bike rental is around the corner. The heart of the city centre is at a 10 minute bike ride or a 10 minute tram ride. ,"There is a tram/bus stop at 100 meters from the apartment (the stop is called Mercatorplein). Tram 13 (15 minute ride to Central Station), tram 7 (10 minute ride to Leidse Plein), bus 15 (5 minutes to Station Sloterdijk) all come by every 10 minutes. From Schiphol, take a train to Station Sloterdijk (10 minutes). Take Bus 15 (Station Zuid WTC on its display) and get off at stop Mercatorplein (5 minutes). Walk on to the square,  and look for the supermarket Dirk van den Broek on the other side of the square. The street (Cabralstraat) starts from behind the supermarket.  From Central Station, take tram 13 (Geuzenveld on its display) and get off at stop Mercatorplein (15-20 minutes). Walk on to the square,  and look for the supermarket Dirk van den Broek on the other side of the square. The street (Cabralstraat) starts from behind the supermarket.","Smoking only on the balcony, no pets, 2 people max, have a great stay!"
