"Separate, spacious and open planned apartment ideal for friends or family(max 4 persons).Close to Rijksmuseum,Van Gogh Museum,Heineken Experience,Albert Cuypmarkt(famous street market).Tram 1 and 2 and 5 and 7 and 10 and 16 and 24 stop closeby.","This house is perfect for a small group or family (4 persons including small children). This house has an ideal location. The Museumplein (where the Rijksmuseum, The Stedelijk Museum, the Van Gogh Museum and Concert hall are located) is close by. Also the Leidseplein with its many restaurants and bars is only a near the house. At the Leidseplein two concert halls for pop concerts (Paradiso and the Melkweg)  are located. The Heineken Museum, the famous street market (Albert Cuypmarkt) and the Vondelpark are also close by. The apartment has an open plan and consists of two floors. On the upstairs floor (about 100 m2) there are four beds, a bathroom with separate shower, a bath and a toilet. There is also a living area with TV and a kitchenette. On the ground floor (about 150 m2) two comfortable wall beds (murphy beds) can be easily pulled out from a closet. The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove, microwave, large fridge, dishwasher, water cooker and Nespresso machine. In the scullery t","Separate, spacious and open planned apartment ideal for friends or family(max 4 persons).Close to Rijksmuseum,Van Gogh Museum,Heineken Experience,Albert Cuypmarkt(famous street market).Tram 1 and 2 and 5 and 7 and 10 and 16 and 24 stop closeby. This house is perfect for a small group or family (4 persons including small children). This house has an ideal location. The Museumplein (where the Rijksmuseum, The Stedelijk Museum, the Van Gogh Museum and Concert hall are located) is close by. Also the Leidseplein with its many restaurants and bars is only a near the house. At the Leidseplein two concert halls for pop concerts (Paradiso and the Melkweg)  are located. The Heineken Museum, the famous street market (Albert Cuypmarkt) and the Vondelpark are also close by. The apartment has an open plan and consists of two floors. On the upstairs floor (about 100 m2) there are four beds, a bathroom with separate shower, a bath and a toilet. There is also a living area with TV and a kitchenette. On","Almost everything you want to see and might need is in walking distance. Places of interest such as the Rijksmuseum/van Gogh Museum/ Stedelijk Museum, flower market, concert hall, art district ( Spiegel Kwartier), famous street market (Albert Cuyp Markt) and Heineken Experience. But also a biological supermarket and many places to have breakfast. And public transport is easy to acces.","Tram stop 1 and 2 and 5 (leidseplein) and 7,10,16.24 (Weteringcircuit) are only a few minutes walk from my house. Also the canal boat (hop on and hop off) is in walking distance. A bike rental shop is located 5 min. from my house.","Please let me know your arrival time a week in advance at the latest so I can make sure I am there to welcome you. If you are delayed a text message will be highly appriciated. Check in time is 15:00 at the earliest and check out is 11:00 at the latest. I have to be strict about this because often I have back to back bookings and I need time to prepare the house for the new guests. If you let me know in advance, you can ALMOST always ( on rare occasions my schedule does not allow it) bring by your luggage earlier and leave them behind until it suits you. You can use all utilities in the house as long as they are left in the same state as you found them. Before inviting people for whom you have not booked into my house, I expect you to first notify me and ask my permission. It is not allowed to let people sleep over for whom you have not booked. It is not allowed to throw a party in my house. Smoking is not allowed anywhere inside my house. Drugs are not allowed inside the house. Pets a"
