"Two nice bedrooms for two people, prefearably to one party, for example two friends sleeping seperately. With a shared bathroom and a separate own toilet. The rooms are light and one has a big balcony overlooking gardens. Coffee- and teamachine included.","We offer 2 nice rooms with each a big bed for one. A shared bathroom and a separate own toilet. The rooms are light and one has a big balcony. The house is in a very green area, very central and is ideal for an uncomplicated stay in Amsterdam.  Have a look at the pictures to get an impression.  The house is in a lively but small neighbourhood, very near Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark, 5 minutes on foot to the Overtoom with cafes and restaurants in abundance. Public transport: trams 1, 17 and bus 15 stop within 200 meters of the appartment, 20 minutes to Damsquare (!). Public transport to Schiphol Airport takes about 30 minutes. I or a friend will be present when you arrive. If there is anything you need during your stay,  just ask. We live separate with 2 busy adults, so we share the kitchen and the bathroom.","Two nice bedrooms for two people, prefearably to one party, for example two friends sleeping seperately. With a shared bathroom and a separate own toilet. The rooms are light and one has a big balcony overlooking gardens. Coffee- and teamachine included. We offer 2 nice rooms with each a big bed for one. A shared bathroom and a separate own toilet. The rooms are light and one has a big balcony. The house is in a very green area, very central and is ideal for an uncomplicated stay in Amsterdam.  Have a look at the pictures to get an impression.  The house is in a lively but small neighbourhood, very near Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark, 5 minutes on foot to the Overtoom with cafes and restaurants in abundance. Public transport: trams 1, 17 and bus 15 stop within 200 meters of the appartment, 20 minutes to Damsquare (!). Public transport to Schiphol Airport takes about 30 minutes. I or a friend will be present when you arrive. If there is anything you need during your stay,  just ask. We li",,,"No special rules, just behave in a sensible way and have fun. We serve a nice breakfast till 10 am. Checkout time is 12, but you can bring or leave your luggage at your convenience."
