You have your own 3rd floor in our private house.  This floor is on the 3rd floor and has two double beds in two seperate rooms. As it an 17th century house we only have 2 toilets and 1 shower on the ground floor.,"PLEASE READ TEXT GOOD !!  the 2 rooms, your own 3rd floor for 4 people only 400 meter from the Royal Palace  your Bed  & Breakfast is  80 m2 part of the 17th Century MAGAZIJN in our house  You are sleeping in the heart of Amsterdam in our huge (350m2) 17th century fabric storage. We live here now for 7 years and combine the house for living and contemporary art, fashion and design events. Your 80 m2 floor/room, which is the top (3rd) floor of the house.  As this old house has only two (!!)  toilets and the shower on the ground floor (!!) You have to share (!!) …..Because the house is located between two canals it is extremly quiet in the most busy area of Amsterdam… Complete silence.. 2 double beds ( 4 persons is MAX) and the floor is devided by a wall, you have your own sink on your floor. THE ROOM IS NON-SMOKING but we have a very nice SMOKING AREA in the PATIO Only 2 minutes from Dam Square, 5 min. from Central Station Everything in the centre of Amsterdam is from the house walking ","You have your own 3rd floor in our private house.  This floor is on the 3rd floor and has two double beds in two seperate rooms. As it an 17th century house we only have 2 toilets and 1 shower on the ground floor. PLEASE READ TEXT GOOD !!  the 2 rooms, your own 3rd floor for 4 people only 400 meter from the Royal Palace  your Bed  & Breakfast is  80 m2 part of the 17th Century MAGAZIJN in our house  You are sleeping in the heart of Amsterdam in our huge (350m2) 17th century fabric storage. We live here now for 7 years and combine the house for living and contemporary art, fashion and design events. Your 80 m2 floor/room, which is the top (3rd) floor of the house.  As this old house has only two (!!)  toilets and the shower on the ground floor (!!) You have to share (!!) …..Because the house is located between two canals it is extremly quiet in the most busy area of Amsterdam… Complete silence.. 2 double beds ( 4 persons is MAX) and the floor is devided by a wall, you have your own sink",In the very heart of Amsterdam 2 min from Dam Square,"Amsterdam is easy to walk, to cycle and by tram",We like to welcome you as family-guests in the house and share it with you.  There are no special house rules ! We like you to be our guests and feel at home. Please use doorbell 153A STORK TROMP  For the rest we hope you enjoy Amsterdam the fullest !! ( As we do..) THE ROOM IS NON-SMOKING but we have a very nice SMOKING AREA in the PATIO but please put your cigarettes in the ashtrays provided on the patio. NOT ON THE FLOOR !!
