"A unique family apartment with three bedrooms, a spacious living room and a large garden.  Located in Amsterdam west, it has public transports at easy reach and it is at walking distance from many city attractions.","This is a spacious ground floor apartment with just two small steps before the main entrance. It is composed by:  a large leaving room with spacious and fully-furnished kitchen with a glasshouse facing the private garden;  - a master bedroom with a queen-size bed, located on a lower level and reachable by an internal staircase (from the apartment entrance hall); - a children room with a bank bed (two regular size single beds), ideal for children (with toys and books);  - main bathroom with bathtub and shower; - a third room with a queen-size bed which is located in the garden-house (separate building, just at few steps from the main living-room). The garden house includes the second small bathroom; - a 60 meter sunny garden with extra dining table and outdoor couch, as well as some great toys for kids. It's a quite unique apartment for Amsterdam, located in a wonderful and trendy neighbourhood.  There is a washing machine, a dishwasher, iron equipment, iMac/TV and many other facilities","A unique family apartment with three bedrooms, a spacious living room and a large garden.  Located in Amsterdam west, it has public transports at easy reach and it is at walking distance from many city attractions. This is a spacious ground floor apartment with just two small steps before the main entrance. It is composed by:  a large leaving room with spacious and fully-furnished kitchen with a glasshouse facing the private garden;  - a master bedroom with a queen-size bed, located on a lower level and reachable by an internal staircase (from the apartment entrance hall); - a children room with a bank bed (two regular size single beds), ideal for children (with toys and books);  - main bathroom with bathtub and shower; - a third room with a queen-size bed which is located in the garden-house (separate building, just at few steps from the main living-room). The garden house includes the second small bathroom; - a 60 meter sunny garden with extra dining table and outdoor couch, as well ","The neighbourhood is called Oud-West and it is a trendy area with lots of café, restaurants and shops, including the food-hall De Hallen at just few minutes walking. It is in between two of the large parks of the city (Vondelpark and Westepark) and still it is a quiet area with great access to public transportation (direct tram to the Pijp and Central Station). You can reach the city centre, as the Dam in just 15-20 minutes walking or taking the tram in just 5 minutes.","Located in a very comfortable area of Amsterdam, our apartment is at few minutes walking distance from the Jordaan and just 15 minutes walking from the Dam.  The trams and busses are at just few minutes walking distance. The is no private car parking; however, it is normally easy to find a place just in front of the house or there are long stay parking lots at short distance.   At walking distance, you may find as well a car rental and a bicycle rental shop. In other words, you can't ask for more in Amsterdam city!","1) Send a copy of ID as confirmation that you are who you say you are, I will send you mine 2) Act like the apartement is your own! 3) Cleaning fee is to get the apartment back in the spotless shape you checked in. I expect that the guest leave the apartment the way you found. If the apartment is dirty an extra charge will be charged through the deposit 4) I will leave instructions in the house for internet access and any other amenities; I'm reachable in case of questions. 5) This is not a hotel but our house. By booking you accept to leave the apartment in same state as you found it."
