"3 bedrooms/ 3 double beds  2 bathrooms, spacious appartment, 240m2","Our stylish and comfy 240m2 loft is a former school (late 1800). A'dams hot spots are all within 5 min walking/biking distance. But a stay at home day is also great: light up the fireplace or relax together in the bathtub, watch some Netflix...Enjoy! 240m2 in Amsterdams city centre, in a historical building, this is quite unique. With a charming fireplace, old beams on the ceiling, an old brick wall and beautifull wooden floors. Yet our apartment is supercomfy and cosy, see  below! 2 bedrooms, 1 childrensbedroom, big jacuzzi, large fire place, roof terrace (3x3m2), private garage with free parkingspace, flatscreens in livingroom and bedroom, Netflix, Playstation 3, Sonos wireless Hifi Music System with Spotify, cappuccino maker, foodsteamer, fruitjuicer, lots of toys for toddlers. We will welcome you and tell you all about the house, to make your stay as comfortable as possible. You will have our cellphone numbers, so if you have any question, call! we will be glad to help. So much to ","3 bedrooms/ 3 double beds  2 bathrooms, spacious appartment, 240m2 Our stylish and comfy 240m2 loft is a former school (late 1800). A'dams hot spots are all within 5 min walking/biking distance. But a stay at home day is also great: light up the fireplace or relax together in the bathtub, watch some Netflix...Enjoy! 240m2 in Amsterdams city centre, in a historical building, this is quite unique. With a charming fireplace, old beams on the ceiling, an old brick wall and beautifull wooden floors. Yet our apartment is supercomfy and cosy, see  below! 2 bedrooms, 1 childrensbedroom, big jacuzzi, large fire place, roof terrace (3x3m2), private garage with free parkingspace, flatscreens in livingroom and bedroom, Netflix, Playstation 3, Sonos wireless Hifi Music System with Spotify, cappuccino maker, foodsteamer, fruitjuicer, lots of toys for toddlers. We will welcome you and tell you all about the house, to make your stay as comfortable as possible. You will have our cellphone numbers, so i","So much to see in our neighbourhood! Visit the 175 years old zoo. Go to the fleemarket at Waterloo square and check out all the pubs at the Nieuwmarkt. Have dinner at pop up restaurant Baut, THE hotspot in town (make sure you have a reservation), wander around the canals, the Amstel river, the famous skinny bridge and find a lot of small, hidden, but unique shops, coffeebars and healthy juicebars. Shop at Utrechtsestraat (shops like Marc Jacobs and Maison NL) and if you like organic, make sure to check out supermarket Marqt for the best food in town!","Our house is 100 meters from metrostation Weesperplein, from where you can go directly to Amsterdam Central Station, Waterloo squeare, Nieuwmarkt. At 50 meters you can take tram 10 wich will bring you to the Leidseplein and Jordaan. But our advice: take our bikes and experience Amsterdam the way the locals do!","We expect you to leave the house clean. Our cleaning lady can cleam after you have left. Costs will be 50 euro's. We took great care in decorating our house with unique, mostly irreplacable items. Please love it and respect it the way we do! We don't allow smoking and no pets please."
