,"You will be staying in my apartment, which has a bedroom with a double 'matrimonial' bed, a kitchen, livingroom and a spare room which has a second bed. The apartment is very close to Mercatorplein, and is easily reached by tram or bus, depending from the station you're traveling at. You can use my WiFi and TV. There's plenty of restaurants, shops, a supermarket, a bakery in less than 5 mins walking distance, plenty of buses and trams which connect you to train stations and the city center in less than 15 minutes. You can rent bikes at the bikeshop across the street.  One of the major amenities is the baker, who is always happy and laughing.  If you want to travel by car, write me a msg in which I explain the cheapest way to park. Bring your running shoes if you like, there's a beautiful 6 km running track (9 km if you include the run to and from the track) around a lake in a green zone close by. Rembrandtpark (2 minutes) and Vondelpark (10 minutes) are on walking distance, and even qu","You will be staying in my apartment, which has a bedroom with a double 'matrimonial' bed, a kitchen, livingroom and a spare room which has a second bed. The apartment is very close to Mercatorplein, and is easily reached by tram or bus, depending from the station you're traveling at. You can use my WiFi and TV. There's plenty of restaurants, shops, a supermarket, a bakery in less than 5 mins walking distance, plenty of buses and trams which connect you to train stations and the city center in less than 15 minutes. You can rent bikes at the bikeshop across the street.  One of the major amenities is the baker, who is always happy and laughing.  If you want to travel by car, write me a msg in which I explain the cheapest way to park. Bring your running shoes if you like, there's a beautiful 6 km running track (9 km if you include the run to and from the track) around a lake in a green zone close by. Rembrandtpark (2 minutes) and Vondelpark (10 minutes) are on walking distance, and even qu",,,"please respect the neighbours, as they respect me too."
