Renovated apartment on 1st floor of a typical Amsterdam building (1920). Comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street. 5 min walk to Leidseplein and the Vondelpark. Enjoy a fresh ground espresso & easy access to public transport. ,"You will have the following to your disposal: - A comfortable double bed - Wifi (120 MB/S) - Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, oven and microwave, blender, food processor, coffee grinder and espresso machine - Bathroom with shower - Washing machine - Large flatscreen TV (BBC, Arte, TVmonde, etc.) - PS3 & printer - Wireless sound system for MP3","Renovated apartment on 1st floor of a typical Amsterdam building (1920). Comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street. 5 min walk to Leidseplein and the Vondelpark. Enjoy a fresh ground espresso & easy access to public transport. You will have the following to your disposal: - A comfortable double bed - Wifi (120 MB/S) - Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, oven and microwave, blender, food processor, coffee grinder and espresso machine - Bathroom with shower - Washing machine - Large flatscreen TV (BBC, Arte, TVmonde, etc.) - PS3 & printer - Wireless sound system for MP3 Located next to the center of Amsterdam, the Leidseplein with its bars and the Museumplein with the famous Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijkmuseum are on walking distance.  The famous ""Jordaan"" and  ""Nine streets"" shopping area is within 5 minutes walking.  The appartement is situated at the Da Costastraat in the 'Da Costabuurt' neighborhood located in the 'Oud-West' district. The Da Costabuurt","Located next to the center of Amsterdam, the Leidseplein with its bars and the Museumplein with the famous Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijkmuseum are on walking distance.  The famous ""Jordaan"" and  ""Nine streets"" shopping area is within 5 minutes walking.  The appartement is situated at the Da Costastraat in the 'Da Costabuurt' neighborhood located in the 'Oud-West' district. The Da Costabuurt is a typical Amsterdam residence neighborhood, it's a calm and quiet area with socially involved residents. The district Oud-West is diverse, it consists of other neighborhoods like the Da Costabuurt.  The 'Kinkerstraat' crosses with the Da Costastraat  and has a couple of supermarkets.  There are a lot of restaurants in the district, I have pointed out a couple of them on the guide. ","Easy acces to tramlines 7,10 and 17 at stop ""Elandsgracht"" and 3 & 12 at stop ""Kinkerstraat"".  Line 17 leaves from Amsterdam Central Station.  Busstation ""Marnixstraat"" is 5 min from the apartment, from there you have acces to bus lines (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) and N97 (the last six are night buses).  The 197 and N97 leave from Schiphol airport. ",No smoking inside the apartment.
