Only one block away from the Vondelpark. Typical Amsterdam app with a souterrain & garden.Upstairs is the big loft like living room and kitchen. Nice quit neighborhood but close to the city center.  Plenty of toys for the kids & bikes included.,"It’s just about a 20 minutes walk to the Museumsquare with the the main cultural spots. THE APARTEMENT: This (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) apartment has a nice and cosy feel and is designed in a mix of modern and old style. It has a great atmosphere, is clean and has a nice garden with a lot of light. The apartment has one double bedrooms with a queen size bed, one bedroom with a single bed that can be made in to a double bed, one bedroom with a bedstee ( a cupboardbed) single, and one bedroom with a single bed. Here is also a large bathroom with a double shower and a separate bath. All bedrooms are downstairs in the souterrain where different levels make this space very special. However, if you have trouble climbing stairs, this apartment is not suitable for you. Upstairs, this means, on the ground floor, there’s a large living and dining room/ kitchen in which to hang out and relax after a long day of exploring the city. The large kitchen is filled with everything you need. WE ACCE","Only one block away from the Vondelpark. Typical Amsterdam app with a souterrain & garden.Upstairs is the big loft like living room and kitchen. Nice quit neighborhood but close to the city center.  Plenty of toys for the kids & bikes included. It’s just about a 20 minutes walk to the Museumsquare with the the main cultural spots. THE APARTEMENT: This (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) apartment has a nice and cosy feel and is designed in a mix of modern and old style. It has a great atmosphere, is clean and has a nice garden with a lot of light. The apartment has one double bedrooms with a queen size bed, one bedroom with a single bed that can be made in to a double bed, one bedroom with a bedstee ( a cupboardbed) single, and one bedroom with a single bed. Here is also a large bathroom with a double shower and a separate bath. All bedrooms are downstairs in the souterrain where different levels make this space very special. However, if you have trouble climbing stairs, this apartment is ","The Hoofddorpplein neighborhood is very wanted amongst people from Amsterdam to live, because it’s not busy, but has enough shops, restaurants and cafes, and still is close to the center and almost feels like a little village inside the city. Within a  20 minutes walk through the Vondelpark you will find popular sites such as the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, the Royal Concerthall and the Leidseplein. Enjoy Amsterdam to the fullest! Let me know what time you’ll arrive and I’ll be there to check you in. Of course you will be provided with fresh bed linen and towels. Mini Supermarket 1 minute walk, big supermarket 4 minutes walk. Restaurants at a 5 minute walk as well as almost any other kind of shop. Bike rental at a 10 minute walk.","Tram nr 1, 17 en nr 2 nearby ( 3 min walk). Bus nr 15 ( 1 min), and bicycles available if needed. Taking a taxi from Schiphol airport will cost you approx. 38,-- euro's and will take you here from the airport in 20 minutes. ( By public transportation it will cost 4,-- p.p. and take you between 30-45 minutes)",No smoking ( but you can smoke in the garden) No partying allowed No pets allowed ( but we have two cats and one mini hamster)
