,"Stay at this cozy and nicely furnished apartment in Amsterdam Old South just steps away from the Olympic Stadium. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor and is easily accessible by stairs. The apartment has everything on the same floor. The layout consists of an entrance hall, bedroom with double Queens size bed, the living room has a table with 6 chairs and very comfortable Timothy Oulton furniture. The living room has 2 big balcony doors to get at the balcony and two large windows in the dining area. From the hall you can walk into the bathroom with shower and sink. The toilet is in a separate room next to the bathroom.   From the hall you can also reach the kitchen. The kitchen is equipped with Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher, microwave, oven, stove.  Free wifi is available. Preferably for 1 or 2 people. 3 persons is possible, but the person needs to sleep on an extra bed.  The house is situated on the edge of Olympic Quarter, in the Old South. The apartment has a nice balco","Stay at this cozy and nicely furnished apartment in Amsterdam Old South just steps away from the Olympic Stadium. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor and is easily accessible by stairs. The apartment has everything on the same floor. The layout consists of an entrance hall, bedroom with double Queens size bed, the living room has a table with 6 chairs and very comfortable Timothy Oulton furniture. The living room has 2 big balcony doors to get at the balcony and two large windows in the dining area. From the hall you can walk into the bathroom with shower and sink. The toilet is in a separate room next to the bathroom.   From the hall you can also reach the kitchen. The kitchen is equipped with Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher, microwave, oven, stove.  Free wifi is available. Preferably for 1 or 2 people. 3 persons is possible, but the person needs to sleep on an extra bed.  The house is situated on the edge of Olympic Quarter, in the Old South. The apartment has a nice balco",,,"- Smoking is not allowed - Take care of my beautiful Timothy Oulton furniture, it is brand new. - Be kind to my neighbors, they are great people. So make not to much noise. - Please close the gas of the stove after preparing your meal. - Open a window when you cook, and close the bedroom."
