,"ONLY TO RENT for a month between 22 JULY &  22 AUGUST Our apartment is located in the centre, 5 minutes from the Central Station.  Our place is on the 5th floor (with an elevator). On the 5th you will find a small bedroom with a high sleeper for our 7-year-old daughter. She can have a logee because it has two beds. There is an extra (camping) bed for a baby. The living room is on the 4th floor, where you have at the left side a great view over the IJ-river. You can see the tall ships go by. At the right side the're new apartments & hotel. In the living room there's a comfortable sofa (guest sometimes sleep on it) a audioplayer and stereo you can use. There' s an open kitchen with an oven, dishwasher, fridge, microwave, nespresso machine etc, etc. In a big closet you will find a washer and dryer you can use. At the backside of the house there’s the master bedroom with a double bed and a desk to work on. Further on there is a separate toilet and a bathroom with a bath and a separate show","ONLY TO RENT for a month between 22 JULY &  22 AUGUST Our apartment is located in the centre, 5 minutes from the Central Station.  Our place is on the 5th floor (with an elevator). On the 5th you will find a small bedroom with a high sleeper for our 7-year-old daughter. She can have a logee because it has two beds. There is an extra (camping) bed for a baby. The living room is on the 4th floor, where you have at the left side a great view over the IJ-river. You can see the tall ships go by. At the right side the're new apartments & hotel. In the living room there's a comfortable sofa (guest sometimes sleep on it) a audioplayer and stereo you can use. There' s an open kitchen with an oven, dishwasher, fridge, microwave, nespresso machine etc, etc. In a big closet you will find a washer and dryer you can use. At the backside of the house there’s the master bedroom with a double bed and a desk to work on. Further on there is a separate toilet and a bathroom with a bath and a separate show",,,"Please be courteous and polite to the neighbours. During your stay you will have the same status, freedom and rights as the other residents of the building have. Please respect their privacy and nightly rest as they respect yours. •	When you sit on the balcony, please be quiet after 21.00 o clock in the evening. It's sound very loud at the square.  •	It's not allowed to have guests in this apartment during your stay (registered guests only) •	No pets allowed  •	No smoking  •	No drugs  •	No Parties •	No loud music, please take care of the neighbours!"
