"The apartment is located at the very heart of the city. Spacious with 17th century character. From the apartment you can walk to all points of interest. Bike rental, and shopping (food, fashion) around the corner. Just check the reviews :-)   ","The apartment is located at the very heart of the city. Spacious with 17th century character. From the apartment you can walk to all points of interest. Bike rental, and shopping (food, fashion) around the corner. There are 2 bedrooms (2 twin beds), so there is the possibility to enjoy your stay with 4 people.  Just check the reviews :-) My apartment (95m2) is located right in the center of Amsterdam. You will definitively enjoy your stay in this safe area close to Dam Palace, the famous canals and 9-streets area (famous boutique shopping).  The apartment itself is very comfortable. There is a wooden floor, 17th century authentic ceiling and modern open kitchen. Master bedroom is located at the back, there is an extra bedroom for two more people. There also is a baby-cot, high chair and baby bouncer at the apartment. Wifi is available, as well as a city map. Some points of interest close by are: Central Station - 15 minutes walk (3 trams stop close by)  Dam Square - 3 minutes walk  Flo","The apartment is located at the very heart of the city. Spacious with 17th century character. From the apartment you can walk to all points of interest. Bike rental, and shopping (food, fashion) around the corner. Just check the reviews :-)    The apartment is located at the very heart of the city. Spacious with 17th century character. From the apartment you can walk to all points of interest. Bike rental, and shopping (food, fashion) around the corner. There are 2 bedrooms (2 twin beds), so there is the possibility to enjoy your stay with 4 people.  Just check the reviews :-) My apartment (95m2) is located right in the center of Amsterdam. You will definitively enjoy your stay in this safe area close to Dam Palace, the famous canals and 9-streets area (famous boutique shopping).  The apartment itself is very comfortable. There is a wooden floor, 17th century authentic ceiling and modern open kitchen. Master bedroom is located at the back, there is an extra bedroom for two more people.","The neighborhood is located at the centre of Amsterdam. You can walk to any point of interest. Restaurants, shops, museums; all is close by.","After landing it will take you around one hour to get to the apartment. From Schiphol you can either take a taxi (20-25 minutes, around €50) or take the train to central train station (15 minutes). From central station you can walk (15 minutes), take a tram (1,2 or 5: stop = 'Spui', you can pay cash inside a bit less than 3 euros per person, 5-10 minutes) or take a taxi (5 minutes; they don't like the short ride though).",There are no specific rules. The apartment will be clean when you arrive so we expect all guests to leave the apartment in a clean and good state.  We do not allow our guests to throw a party whatsoever (we like our neighbors:)) or invite additional people to sleep-over.
