,"Famous 9-STREETS apartment in heart of Amsterdam city center We offer you a typical Amsterdam apartment for 2 persons in the heart of Amsterdam – “the 9-Streets” in between the canals. This area is considered to be top of the best locations of Amsterdam, the place to be!  The famous 9-Streets are known for its monumental architecture, unique fashion boutiques, tasty restaurants and cozy bars. You can feel the history of the city and at the same time enjoy Amsterdam life with the young local people. The apartment is in between the sophisticated canals ‘Keizergracht’ and ‘Herengracht’. Perfect to ride your bike, boat, skates and have an unforgettable holiday experience! The apartment is perfect for two persons:  - Comfortable access to 1st floor - very lazy steps ;-) - Completely furnished  - Double bed (of course with clean sheets en linnen) - Wi-Fi internet - Digital TV (with international channels) / DVD / Home Cinema Digital Surround Sound - Washing machine and dryer - Fully equipped","Famous 9-STREETS apartment in heart of Amsterdam city center We offer you a typical Amsterdam apartment for 2 persons in the heart of Amsterdam – “the 9-Streets” in between the canals. This area is considered to be top of the best locations of Amsterdam, the place to be!  The famous 9-Streets are known for its monumental architecture, unique fashion boutiques, tasty restaurants and cozy bars. You can feel the history of the city and at the same time enjoy Amsterdam life with the young local people. The apartment is in between the sophisticated canals ‘Keizergracht’ and ‘Herengracht’. Perfect to ride your bike, boat, skates and have an unforgettable holiday experience! The apartment is perfect for two persons:  - Comfortable access to 1st floor - very lazy steps ;-) - Completely furnished  - Double bed (of course with clean sheets en linnen) - Wi-Fi internet - Digital TV (with international channels) / DVD / Home Cinema Digital Surround Sound - Washing machine and dryer - Fully equipped",,,
