"This is a chill-out modern apartment located on one of Amsterdam’s best areas (center) is designed to enjoy everything this vibrant city has to offer. Restaurants, theaters, bars, boutiques, parks, canals, nightclubs, museums; all within 5 minutes of travel. Premium location in the center of Amsterdam with canal view and view on the Rozengracht.","This bright modern apartment is located on the second floor of the apartment building. This 3 room (75m²) apartment itself is cool, clean and comfortable. In the living room and on the other side of the apartment you have a lot of light coming in. The living room also provides a great view out on the canals Lijnbaansgracht and the Rozengracht. The kitchen has all the basic necessities with a fridge, freezer, dishwasher and a stove. The bedroom with a double (2 person) bed is very spacious and quiet and grants access to the balcony, which offers sunshine the whole afternoon. There is a possibility to put a air mattress in the living room. The bathroom has a large bathtub and a separate shower. There is also a large washbasin.","This is a chill-out modern apartment located on one of Amsterdam’s best areas (center) is designed to enjoy everything this vibrant city has to offer. Restaurants, theaters, bars, boutiques, parks, canals, nightclubs, museums; all within 5 minutes of travel. Premium location in the center of Amsterdam with canal view and view on the Rozengracht. This bright modern apartment is located on the second floor of the apartment building. This 3 room (75m²) apartment itself is cool, clean and comfortable. In the living room and on the other side of the apartment you have a lot of light coming in. The living room also provides a great view out on the canals Lijnbaansgracht and the Rozengracht. The kitchen has all the basic necessities with a fridge, freezer, dishwasher and a stove. The bedroom with a double (2 person) bed is very spacious and quiet and grants access to the balcony, which offers sunshine the whole afternoon. There is a possibility to put a air mattress in the living room. The ba","One step outside and you're straight away in the vibrant atmosphere of Amsterdam; the crossroad between the Marnixstraat and the Rozengracht. The apartment is located on the border of the typical Amsterdam neighborhood the ""Jordaan"", a 5-minute walk from the famous Leidse- and Dam square that offers several museums, theaters, cinemas and nightlife. To feel the spirit just walk over the canals or have a drink in one of Amsterdam's many cafés. See the travel guide for the best of the best.","From Schiphol Airport You can take bus number 197. From bus stop bus station ""Elandsgracht"" it's a 5 minute walk to the apartment. In total it's about 43 minutes. You can also take the intercity train to Amsterdam CS (about 15 min.). From Amsterdam Central Station to my apartment it's 10 minutes with the tram or bus. From bus/tram stop ""Marnixstraat/Rozengracht"" it's a 1 minute walk to my apartment.  There is also a bus- and taxi station on 2 minute walking distance (Bus station Elandsgracht): Line Route:     80: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - Haarlem - Zandvoort aan Zee  82: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - IJmuiden  142: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - Amstelveen - Uithoorn - Mijdrecht - Wilnis  145: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - Badhoevedorp - Hoofddorp  197: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - Schiphol 280: Amsterdam Marnixstraat → Haarlem → IJmuiden (night bus) N69: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - Uitgeest - Castricum - Limmen - Heiloo - Alkmaar (night bus) N97: Amsterdam Marnixstraat - Schiphol","Music and-sounds:  Houses in Amsterdam are very noisy. Meaning that, if you stamp your feet hard on the floor, my neighbors will hear that. So, to make it comfortable for everybody don’t jump and run around in the apartment.  You are free to play any of the Cd's or music on your own device. But keep in mind not to play it to loud if the doors of the balcony are open.  Smoking:  Smoking is only allowed outside on the balcony, but please don’t throw your cigarette buds in the downstairs gardens. As you might know, Amsterdam has a soft drugs allowance policy. I don’t mind if you smoke on the balcony, I’d just like to ask you to be respectful to the house if you are stoned. Fridge:  You are free to use anything you find in the fridge or on the cupboard.  Garbage:  If you need to throw away a full garbage bag, you can do that on a Wednesday morning or Saturday morning before 11 o’clock. You can put the garbage on the street.  If you step outside the front door, you can put it a bit to the l"
