Small room with double bed in shared apartment. Modern kitchen available for home cooking if needed.,"Small room (10 m2) with double bed on the West side of Amsterdam, close to Rembrandtpark, perfect for a couple, or just two good friends to use as a base for exploring Amsterdam.  Apartment, which is shared with me (the host), has a spacious and modern kitchen and bathroom, and is on 6th floor (with elevator access) with a view. Wifi available. No smoking inside, but can smoke outside if desired.  You will be free to come and go as you please, with keys to the apartment, and of course no curfew. Nice living room with TV where you can chill between adventures. You can cook if you like, take a bubble bath or do laundry. If you have questions about things, events and activities in and around Amsterdam I will try my best to help you out. There is a fairly well stocked Albert Heijn supermarket (open every day incl. Sunday) on the ground floor of my building, along with a pharmacy, a hairdresser, a Turkish bakery/kebab place, a bar, a green grocer, a police station, an internet/phone cafe, a","Small room with double bed in shared apartment. Modern kitchen available for home cooking if needed. Small room (10 m2) with double bed on the West side of Amsterdam, close to Rembrandtpark, perfect for a couple, or just two good friends to use as a base for exploring Amsterdam.  Apartment, which is shared with me (the host), has a spacious and modern kitchen and bathroom, and is on 6th floor (with elevator access) with a view. Wifi available. No smoking inside, but can smoke outside if desired.  You will be free to come and go as you please, with keys to the apartment, and of course no curfew. Nice living room with TV where you can chill between adventures. You can cook if you like, take a bubble bath or do laundry. If you have questions about things, events and activities in and around Amsterdam I will try my best to help you out. There is a fairly well stocked Albert Heijn supermarket (open every day incl. Sunday) on the ground floor of my building, along with a pharmacy, a hairdres",,,"There is NO curfew, and you will have keys to the apartment, and thus free to come and go as you please. Take shoes off inside apartment. Clean up after using kitchen, put dirty dishes and cutlery in dishwasher. No smoking inside apartment. If bath room floor gets wet, please dry it off with a towel. Pet (cat or dog) allowed, but must not be noisy, smelly or dirty."
