"Our cool and comfortable condo with exposed brick has a true 19th century feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet typical street, just 5 min. (by famous Amsterderdam bike..) from Dam square, Hermitage and central station.","Our cool and comfortable condo with exposed brick has a true 19th century feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet typical street, just 5 min. (by famous Amsterderdam bike..) from Dam square, Hermitage and central station. Clean, green and cozy one-bedroom (2 rooms) apartment with romantic waterview on the 2nd floor of a typical Amsterdam mansion in the heart of popular neighbourhood ''Eastern Islands'. Non smoking.  Fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher, 4-jet gas stove, oven and fridge. Bathroom with shower and sink. Towels included.  A double bed (2.00 - 1.60m) Clean and fresh bed linen included. Free WIFI and cable TV  No elevator. We love to share personal favorits to visit in Amsterdam. Check our recommendations under 'maps' in near future. Contact us in case of any questions, also during your stay! Special requests, like filling the fridge with fresh and organic food, are optional against cost price.  Our apartment is located in of a beautiful 19th ce","Our cool and comfortable condo with exposed brick has a true 19th century feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet typical street, just 5 min. (by famous Amsterderdam bike..) from Dam square, Hermitage and central station. Our cool and comfortable condo with exposed brick has a true 19th century feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet typical street, just 5 min. (by famous Amsterderdam bike..) from Dam square, Hermitage and central station. Clean, green and cozy one-bedroom (2 rooms) apartment with romantic waterview on the 2nd floor of a typical Amsterdam mansion in the heart of popular neighbourhood ''Eastern Islands'. Non smoking.  Fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher, 4-jet gas stove, oven and fridge. Bathroom with shower and sink. Towels included.  A double bed (2.00 - 1.60m) Clean and fresh bed linen included. Free WIFI and cable TV  No elevator. We love to share personal favorits to visit in Amsterdam. Check our recommend","Our apartment is located in of a beautiful 19th century little street called with a surrounding citybeach on the corner! A wide array of (food)shops, breakfast&lunchbars, museums, international restaurants and a daily fresh market (Dappermarket) nearby.",Easily reachable by public transport. From Schiphol Airport you can take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (15 minutes). There you take bus 22 (from Central Station to Oostenburgergracht (6 minutes)). ,Please do not smoke.
