"Your HOME away from home! The perfect ""short stay"" in Amsterdam. For a minimum stay of 2 nights. Max 2 people. Studio Six! Nice bedroom, private hallway, bathroom and kitchen. Located at the east part of the centre of Amsterdam. Student area.",A small but private unique studio with a comfortable double bed. Your own private kitchen and bathroom.  Non-smoking!,"Your HOME away from home! The perfect ""short stay"" in Amsterdam. For a minimum stay of 2 nights. Max 2 people. Studio Six! Nice bedroom, private hallway, bathroom and kitchen. Located at the east part of the centre of Amsterdam. Student area. A small but private unique studio with a comfortable double bed. Your own private kitchen and bathroom.  Non-smoking! Acces to internet. Your host will be there to welcome you and, if needed, advise you where to go best to make the most of your city trip. As the hosting family lives in the same building there will always be someone to help you out, if so required. Poised to become an ever more popular destination for Amsterdam tourists, the Plantage (Plantation) is a splendid place to devote a day or more. In 2011, the area reached 4 million visitors for the first time, with its wonderful accumulation of cultural attractions - from the former Jewish Quarter, to the Tropics Museum, to one of the nation's favorite zoos. Also walking distance from, a","Poised to become an ever more popular destination for Amsterdam tourists, the Plantage (Plantation) is a splendid place to devote a day or more. In 2011, the area reached 4 million visitors for the first time, with its wonderful accumulation of cultural attractions - from the former Jewish Quarter, to the Tropics Museum, to one of the nation's favorite zoos. Also walking distance from, a.o.,  the Rembrandt's house, famous flea market, The Hermitage etc. All the ""has to visit while in Amsterdam"" places are within reasonable walking distances.","Getting around in Amsterdam is best done walking! We are very close though to the subway and several trams. Plenty of bike rental places around. The Studio is only 3 stops away from the Central Station by underground. From Weesperplein, where all underground trains do stop, it is a 5 minutes walk to your home away from home.","Our guests do stay in an appartment building. Neighbours will expect them to keep the noise down especial ""after hours"" In return they will do the same. Do keep in mind though that the location is in a student area with the University of Amsterdam very close by.   On arrival your studio will be nice and clean. We would appreciate the effort to keep it that way. The Studio is smoke free!"
