A two stories house in Amsterdam Noord with free parking and very close to the city center.,"We are Reem and Joost. Reem is a landscape architect, Joost is a historian. Welcome to our place. We have a cosy 2 (possibly 3) bedroom house in the Vogelbuurt. 100 m2 over two floors in the oldest garden city of Amsterdam, just north of Central Station.Windows on three sides so very light and bright. The house is facing a small square, and is well suited for young families. The house is 10 mins walking from central station and reachable by the 24 hour/free ferry (located behind the central station), or by the new metro line linking centrum to the north of amsterdam, first stop in north which is a 2 mins walk. Since July it is paid parking around the house.   Facilities include washing machine, dishwasher, wifi, espresso machine, bed sheets en towels. Also included: the guide book we recently made on Amsterdam: 'Mokum: a guide to Liberty City'. ( (website hidden) ) Nearby attraction/ entertainements: the new EYE museum, noorderparkkamer/Flora park, the tolhuistuin, whilhelmina dok, gou","A two stories house in Amsterdam Noord with free parking and very close to the city center. We are Reem and Joost. Reem is a landscape architect, Joost is a historian. Welcome to our place. We have a cosy 2 (possibly 3) bedroom house in the Vogelbuurt. 100 m2 over two floors in the oldest garden city of Amsterdam, just north of Central Station.Windows on three sides so very light and bright. The house is facing a small square, and is well suited for young families. The house is 10 mins walking from central station and reachable by the 24 hour/free ferry (located behind the central station), or by the new metro line linking centrum to the north of amsterdam, first stop in north which is a 2 mins walk. Since July it is paid parking around the house.   Facilities include washing machine, dishwasher, wifi, espresso machine, bed sheets en towels. Also included: the guide book we recently made on Amsterdam: 'Mokum: a guide to Liberty City'. ( (website hidden) ) Nearby attraction/ entertainem",,,No smoking inside. There is a balcony with a bench and an ashtray :)
