"Babies welcome! Have a lovely laid back stay at our ground floor apartment when you visit Amsterdam! The neighborhood is an upcoming, vibrant piece of Amsterdam with good connections to the center and many playgrounds and a large park close by.","Ground floor apartment with two rooms and a garden with afternoon sun.  Our apartment is suited with: Wifi, central heating, dish washer, washing machine, microwave, TV, sound system.  There are barbecue possibilities in our garden and you can enjoy breakfast in the sun on our front balcony. Feel free to use fresh produce in our fridge. Apartment suitable for a couple of solo traveler; with a real bed in the bedroom. For children up to 2 years we can provide a cot, high chair, toys, changing station and a buggy. Tell us your interests. Whether you like art, nightlife, restaurants or shopping, we can give you directions and suggest places of interest. Let us know what time you will check in, you will be welcomed to our house.  Please note: our apartment is not suited for people with cat allergies, however the cat wont be there and we will leave our house clean, cat hairs tend to flout around (curtains, under furniture)","Babies welcome! Have a lovely laid back stay at our ground floor apartment when you visit Amsterdam! The neighborhood is an upcoming, vibrant piece of Amsterdam with good connections to the center and many playgrounds and a large park close by. Ground floor apartment with two rooms and a garden with afternoon sun.  Our apartment is suited with: Wifi, central heating, dish washer, washing machine, microwave, TV, sound system.  There are barbecue possibilities in our garden and you can enjoy breakfast in the sun on our front balcony. Feel free to use fresh produce in our fridge. Apartment suitable for a couple of solo traveler; with a real bed in the bedroom. For children up to 2 years we can provide a cot, high chair, toys, changing station and a buggy. Tell us your interests. Whether you like art, nightlife, restaurants or shopping, we can give you directions and suggest places of interest. Let us know what time you will check in, you will be welcomed to our house.  Please note: our ap","The Indische buurt is Amsterdam's own Brooklyn. With sites, bars, restaurants and many places for your family close by and great public transport to the center and airport","Our apartment is a 5 minute walk from Muiderpoortstation, a trainstation that enables you to get a direct train to Schiphol or Central Station. Trams and buses connect to the city inner center and go frequently. An overview of connections is provided in our apartment.","1. No parties, loud music or annoying the neighbors in any other way.  2. Close all doors and windows when leaving.  3. Enjoy your stay and feel at home"
