"★ Location - center lively  ★ Room - Private, Balcony, Cosy & Comfortable ★ Internet connection - Fast enough for business & Amsterdam ★ Morning, coffee & tea making as you wish Be Aware: -  The stairway is steep -  No kitchen access..","AdamGoodStay guest house offers a luxurious guest-stay, where guests feel 'at home away from home'.  The (non smoking) guest-room(s) location is quiet and separated from our own apartment to secure your privacy. A 16 m2 total space with double bed, coffee & tea making facilities  and a spacious private bathroom (toilet, bath /shower) are at your disposal. You have your own balcony!   Green energy! Adamgoodstay has made an investment in green energy: a non-polluting source of power.  We installed solar-panels on the roof of our house. This means that electricity in your room is environmentally sound.  Together we can make it happen!","★ Location - center lively  ★ Room - Private, Balcony, Cosy & Comfortable ★ Internet connection - Fast enough for business & Amsterdam ★ Morning, coffee & tea making as you wish Be Aware: -  The stairway is steep -  No kitchen access.. AdamGoodStay guest house offers a luxurious guest-stay, where guests feel 'at home away from home'.  The (non smoking) guest-room(s) location is quiet and separated from our own apartment to secure your privacy. A 16 m2 total space with double bed, coffee & tea making facilities  and a spacious private bathroom (toilet, bath /shower) are at your disposal. You have your own balcony!   Green energy! Adamgoodstay has made an investment in green energy: a non-polluting source of power.  We installed solar-panels on the roof of our house. This means that electricity in your room is environmentally sound.  Together we can make it happen! Bedroom (16-2m) with coffee & tea on display, a large modern private bathroom with bath and shower. Located on the second fl","Our house & your room is located in the city center, where you can enjoy being part of daily life in one of Europe's most relaxed but exciting places. Once you've closed the door you're right in the middle of this buzzing city - feel the spirit!  - Close to Leidseplein and Kerkstraat. - Five minutes walk from Reguliersdwarsstraat. - Two minutes from Paradiso, Melkweg, Jimmy Woo, Sugar Factory; name it! - Five minutes from Jordaan & 9-streets shopping - An endless choice of restaurants, theatres, and museums at walking distance! - There are bike rentals available around the  corner  - Tram and bus connection to all parts of the city and country","Airport, Bus & Walk = easy and cheap! W advise the red ""Schiphol Sternet"" buses (operated by Connexxion) run from the bus stop area just outside Schiphol Plaza / main station hall. Bus 397 goes to Amsterdam Marnixstraat every 15 minutes with stops at Museumplein and Leidseplein - this option is very convenient if you are staying around this area (AdamGoodStay guesthouse). The bus costs 5-euro one-way, you can only pay by debit/credit card  and the journey takes around 35 min. From the busstop Leidseplein it is a 2 minute walk to AdamGoodStay guesthouse, leidsestreet no. 86. Just before prinsengracht above the store between Etos drustore and Leonardo's ice-cream  Airport, Train & Tram You can also take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (15 minutes, € 4) and a tram: number 1, 2 or 5. Get off at the corner of Leidsestraat and Prinsengracht. Adamgoodstay is at Leidsestreet no. 86, next to Etos drustore and Leonardo's ice-cream .. above the store. Train / Taxi From Central Station you ","We have a 'no shoe' policy in the house, just to appreciate the energy switch outside/inside…you will love it!  Lost keys:  The key is part of a certified lock set, in case you lose it we have to charge you 45 euro Our keywords: respect, honesty, fun and peace!"
