APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★AA+ LOCATION ★ Balcony ★IN CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Towels & Linen Included ★Fast & Free WIFI ★ Perfect for Couples,"At my apartment you are definitely on top of things! This small side-street of the Rozengracht is just a short walk away from main squares Dam and Leidseplein. The appartment covers about 36 square metres. Perfectly suited for two persons, royally suited for one, great for couples! There's even a private balcony/patio in the back.   Living room, bedroom, hall, kitchen and bathroom are all seperated, but there's no use in closing any doors, because all the space is yours!  The appartment has a central heating system, so no cold feet in wintertimes. There's also a pretty fast wi-fi connection and even a television, including extra film,- and sportschannels. Perfect to relax after a long day of checking out the city. The house is situated in the authentic Jordaan neighbourhood. Public transport, shopping areas and many bars and restaurants are around the corner, while the street itself is quiet and almost without any traffic. Spend a weekend at my apartment and you may never want to leave","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★AA+ LOCATION ★ Balcony ★IN CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Towels & Linen Included ★Fast & Free WIFI ★ Perfect for Couples At my apartment you are definitely on top of things! This small side-street of the Rozengracht is just a short walk away from main squares Dam and Leidseplein. The appartment covers about 36 square metres. Perfectly suited for two persons, royally suited for one, great for couples! There's even a private balcony/patio in the back.   Living room, bedroom, hall, kitchen and bathroom are all seperated, but there's no use in closing any doors, because all the space is yours!  The appartment has a central heating system, so no cold feet in wintertimes. There's also a pretty fast wi-fi connection and even a television, including extra film,- and sportschannels. Perfect to relax after a long day of checking out the city. The house is situated in the authentic Jordaan neighbourhood. Public transport, shopping areas and many bars and restaurants ","The modest origins of the Jordaan (it was built to house Jewish and French immigrant workers) is still visible in its small, very old houses and the fact there is an old cafe on nearly every corner (often the type where locals will burst into folk music on Sunday drinking sessions). Nowadays these old brown cafes share space with brick oven pizzerias, boutique design shops and other trappings of the young professional set. Nice to know: each of the streets is named after a flower.","Easiest way to get to my house from the airport is to take the train to Amsterdam Central Station. From there take tram 13 or 17 to Marnixstraat/Rozengracht. That's just 4 stops from the Central Station! There's a bike rental shop just around the corner of my house, but everything is so closeby, that you might prefer walking :)","House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
