,"This is a private double room in an apartment located on the first floor  of a beautiful monumental home built in typical Amsterdam architectural style. The building is right around the corner from the famous Flower Market where all your horticultural needs will be met. The flower market is a big outdoor flower market with stalls offering bulbs from all over the world, and many things you didn't know you needed! Within 20 meters of the front door, you are right on De Leidse Straat, Amsterdam's beautiful shopping street with all famous shops like Ted Baker, Timberland and some famous Cheese Shops. And within 2 min walking you are on De Leidse Plein, the Heart of Amsterdam! If you want to go for a stroll, why do you not keep on walking, and within just ten minutes you are in de Vondel Park, or the Rijksmuseum and the wonderful Van Gogh Museum.  The bedroom offers all the comforts you need during a great stay in Amsterdam: - Double bed - Bed room has its own door to 9 m2 terrace - Shared ","This is a private double room in an apartment located on the first floor  of a beautiful monumental home built in typical Amsterdam architectural style. The building is right around the corner from the famous Flower Market where all your horticultural needs will be met. The flower market is a big outdoor flower market with stalls offering bulbs from all over the world, and many things you didn't know you needed! Within 20 meters of the front door, you are right on De Leidse Straat, Amsterdam's beautiful shopping street with all famous shops like Ted Baker, Timberland and some famous Cheese Shops. And within 2 min walking you are on De Leidse Plein, the Heart of Amsterdam! If you want to go for a stroll, why do you not keep on walking, and within just ten minutes you are in de Vondel Park, or the Rijksmuseum and the wonderful Van Gogh Museum.  The bedroom offers all the comforts you need during a great stay in Amsterdam: - Double bed - Bed room has its own door to 9 m2 terrace - Shared ","This is the heart of Amsterdam, right in de 'grachtengordel' which is a World Heritage Site and also one of the most expensive area's in The Netherlands to live. This is where the Dutch elite lives. Our house is perfectly located in between the busy Leidseplein area where many tourists go and the more quiet area De Jordaan, around de Leidsegracht, one of the most pittoresque areas of Amsterdam. It is within walking distance of the Anne Frank House and you do not need to go inside a museum, just looking at the beautiful 17th Century Houses will make you feel in another world!",There is no need for public transport other than the tram as all main attractions are within walking distance.,"This appartment is so great because it is right in the heart of Amsterdam but very quiet. Its nice to keep it that way, so that the big city life can be enjoyed and we still have a good night rest. The house is quiet and dark after 23.00, and 23.30 in the weekend. If you return late,  its okay, just please be quiet!  , no smoking, also not on the balcony - Bathroom is shared, we provide towels.  - You will get your own key. Coming and going with mutual agreement.  - Let me know what your plans are!  - Communal spaces are: bathroom, toilet (not: living room and kitchen).   - no pets allowed including service animals due to allergies. - I love people with cultural interests, who value the arts: the lovely galleries, musea, theatre and music of Amsterdam.  - late check out fee of 20 euro applies PS I really don't like the Red Light district and drugs, so if you like that, this is not a place for you!"
