This apartment is located in the heart of the Jordaan district. Just 10 minutes  from Central Station by bus and in walking distance of the Anne Frank museum and other tourist hotspots. The apartment is recently fully renovated.,"The apartment has a modern, open-plan living area with a comfy couch, flat screen TV, fully-equipped kitchen and a lovely canal view! This is a perfect place to retreat and recharge after a day out and about. Moreover, the apartment features a cosy bedroom with a soft double bed, perfectly made for relaxation after a long day of sight-seeing. Next to the bedroom there is a sunny balcony! Last but not least the apartment has a super-modern bathroom with a shower and a bath and a separate toilet.","This apartment is located in the heart of the Jordaan district. Just 10 minutes  from Central Station by bus and in walking distance of the Anne Frank museum and other tourist hotspots. The apartment is recently fully renovated. The apartment has a modern, open-plan living area with a comfy couch, flat screen TV, fully-equipped kitchen and a lovely canal view! This is a perfect place to retreat and recharge after a day out and about. Moreover, the apartment features a cosy bedroom with a soft double bed, perfectly made for relaxation after a long day of sight-seeing. Next to the bedroom there is a sunny balcony! Last but not least the apartment has a super-modern bathroom with a shower and a bath and a separate toilet. Guests are invited to enjoy the whole apartment. Make yourself at home! If you have any questions about the apartment or if you need recommendations or neighbourhood tips, please feel free to contact us during your stay.  We're always happy to help! Jordaan is a lively n","Jordaan is a lively neighbourhood located next to the city centre. You can find here everything you need for an enjoyable stay in Amsterdam: old Dutch cafes, great restaurants and brick oven pizzerias; boutique design shops, local supermarkets and sight-seeings, such as Westerkerk and Anne Frank House.  Nice to know: each of the streets is named after a flower.",,"We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
