"This furnished spacious (1,420 sq ft), family apartment with canalview is situated at the Da Costakade, at the edge of the oldcentre. Featuring high ceilings and large windows, comes with a lovely sunny 452 sq. ft. roofdeck. Its is the perfect quiet hide out to come home to and to fully enjoy all the city has to bring, incuding all musea at walking distance, the hallen around the corner & the boats in the canals. Relax on the gorgeous terras.","Situated on one of the nicest canals of Amsterdam, it is a heaven of rest but still within walking distance the famous Vondelpark and Amsterdams 9 little streets. Named the hottest neighbourhood of Amsterdam, all facilities, including  several playgrounds, cool bars and intimate restaurants are right around the corner. 1st Floor: - Spacious living room with high ceilings and windows - Optional Play Pen, kitchenette, and tipi tent to keep the kids busy while you enjoy the rest of the house  - Fully equipped open kitchen (cooker, refrigerator, freezer, 5 pit stove, dishwasher,   espresso machine) with entrance to roofdeck - Sunny roofdeck (452 sq. ft ) with electric blinds, Weber outdoor BBQ/kitchen, Sandbox and lounge set. 2e Floor: - Spacious corridor with separate toilet and 4 meter closed space with washing machine and dryer build in - 3 bedrooms (masterbedroom with open vintage bath, bedroom according to your needs, kids rooms will be closed off  if you are not travelling with kids)","This furnished spacious (1,420 sq ft), family apartment with canalview is situated at the Da Costakade, at the edge of the oldcentre. Featuring high ceilings and large windows, comes with a lovely sunny 452 sq. ft. roofdeck. Its is the perfect quiet hide out to come home to and to fully enjoy all the city has to bring, incuding all musea at walking distance, the hallen around the corner & the boats in the canals. Relax on the gorgeous terras. Situated on one of the nicest canals of Amsterdam, it is a heaven of rest but still within walking distance the famous Vondelpark and Amsterdams 9 little streets. Named the hottest neighbourhood of Amsterdam, all facilities, including  several playgrounds, cool bars and intimate restaurants are right around the corner. 1st Floor: - Spacious living room with high ceilings and windows - Optional Play Pen, kitchenette, and tipi tent to keep the kids busy while you enjoy the rest of the house  - Fully equipped open kitchen (cooker, refrigerator, freez",The house is situated in an old beer brewery,Trams and busses around the corner,"We are very respectful of our house, and ask you to treat the house as you would do your own."
