,"Hello!  Occasionally, when I'm off traveling, I'll be renting my fabulous apartment to those who want to experience the BEST of Amsterdam while staying in one of the BEST neighborhoods! The apartment is located just a few minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station in a beautiful dutch canal house with windows that look out onto one of the most famous canals in the city. Within one block you can reach some great shops, restaurants, cafes and coffee shops. On Saturdays, a popular organic farmers’ market and flea market is held at the Noordermarkt only 5 minutes walk from the apartment. You are only a few blocks from the tram station which can take you anywhere and everywhere in Amsterdam! Or, if you're feeling adventurous, you are a very short walk from several bike rental shops where you can rent bikes by the hour or for the day! The apartment itself is large and bright....with a wall of windows that looks out onto one of the most prestigious canals in Amsterdam. It has one bedroom wit","Hello!  Occasionally, when I'm off traveling, I'll be renting my fabulous apartment to those who want to experience the BEST of Amsterdam while staying in one of the BEST neighborhoods! The apartment is located just a few minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station in a beautiful dutch canal house with windows that look out onto one of the most famous canals in the city. Within one block you can reach some great shops, restaurants, cafes and coffee shops. On Saturdays, a popular organic farmers’ market and flea market is held at the Noordermarkt only 5 minutes walk from the apartment. You are only a few blocks from the tram station which can take you anywhere and everywhere in Amsterdam! Or, if you're feeling adventurous, you are a very short walk from several bike rental shops where you can rent bikes by the hour or for the day! The apartment itself is large and bright....with a wall of windows that looks out onto one of the most prestigious canals in Amsterdam. It has one bedroom wit",,,"No smoking, please. No loud music after 10pm in respect to the neighbors.  Please do dishes and start load of wash (linens and towels) before you leave. Thank you!"
