"Come and enjoy a bit of luxury and class, located in the historic Jordaan area, this apartment has wonderful features such as a beautiful hard-wood floor, exposed brick walls, quality furnishings, a gorgeous kitchen and a roof terrace",The house is 160 m2. The entrance is in the souterrain (basement) where the kitchen is based. The kitchen is the place where you will spend most of your time. It's the heart of the house. There are hardly any doors in the apartment; everything is open en connected. When you go up the stairs you enter the livingroom. The livingroom is spacious en comfortable. You can watch tv here but there's a also big working desk. The bedroom and the bathroom are in the back of the house. It's very quiet here and you'll sleep like a rose. The bathroom has a rain shower and a bath. The house has a large and sunny roof terrace. There's sun on the terrace from 11am till 7pm so you can enjoy the sun the whole day. Lot's of space for two persons. A great house where you will feel at home right away!,"Come and enjoy a bit of luxury and class, located in the historic Jordaan area, this apartment has wonderful features such as a beautiful hard-wood floor, exposed brick walls, quality furnishings, a gorgeous kitchen and a roof terrace The house is 160 m2. The entrance is in the souterrain (basement) where the kitchen is based. The kitchen is the place where you will spend most of your time. It's the heart of the house. There are hardly any doors in the apartment; everything is open en connected. When you go up the stairs you enter the livingroom. The livingroom is spacious en comfortable. You can watch tv here but there's a also big working desk. The bedroom and the bathroom are in the back of the house. It's very quiet here and you'll sleep like a rose. The bathroom has a rain shower and a bath. The house has a large and sunny roof terrace. There's sun on the terrace from 11am till 7pm so you can enjoy the sun the whole day. Lot's of space for two persons. A great house where you will","On Saturday there's the market in front of the house from 09 am till 4 pm. You can buy everything you need here from food to clothing. Around the corner on the Noordermarkt there's a organic market, also on Saturday.  There's a nice second hand market on Monday mornings on the Noordermarkt as well. It's a lovely place to go to and a typical Amsterdam experience. At Cafe Winkel around the corner you can eat the best apple pie ever! The neighbourhood is beautiful, filled with historic buildings that bring you back to the old days. Great restaurants, cool shops and bars. You can wander around and never get bored. Also it's very close to the city center. Amsterdam is small big city so you can explore everything by foot and by bike.",From the Jordaan you can take buses or trams to every direction in town. There is no tram or bus in front of the door but stops are all in walking distance. The best is to rent a bicycle or to walk. The bicycle rental is around the corner. Central Station is only 10 minutes walking distance,"No smoking inside, outside on the patio is no problem. Dogs are allowed."
