"Our wonderful, modern houseboat is on a great location in the centre of Amsterdam, right on the beautiful Amstel river.  It is in the popular area De Pijp, and close to the Amstel Hotel, the Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum and Museum of Modern Art.","This spacious houseboat is over 200m2, and provides a typical Amsterdam way of living. In all seasons it is a real treat to live here. With a big lounge terrace right on the Amstel and also a roof terrace for dining you can enjoy the Amsterdam atmosphere to the max. With hot weather you can jump right in the Amstel river for refreshment! A swim ladder is located on the lounge terrace to get out of the water again. The water villa is build only a couple of years ago and has a very playful design with different living levels. From the open kitchen/living area you have a beautiful view on the Amstel river. Swans, ducks and al kind of other water birds are passing by right in front of you.    Downstairs are three small children's bedrooms and a bathroom with shower,bath and two sinks. The washing machine and dryer are here also at your disposal. Also there is a toilet a this floor. Upstairs is the master bedroom with bathroom ensuite (shower only, two sinks and a toilet). Right next to the","Our wonderful, modern houseboat is on a great location in the centre of Amsterdam, right on the beautiful Amstel river.  It is in the popular area De Pijp, and close to the Amstel Hotel, the Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum and Museum of Modern Art. This spacious houseboat is over 200m2, and provides a typical Amsterdam way of living. In all seasons it is a real treat to live here. With a big lounge terrace right on the Amstel and also a roof terrace for dining you can enjoy the Amsterdam atmosphere to the max. With hot weather you can jump right in the Amstel river for refreshment! A swim ladder is located on the lounge terrace to get out of the water again. The water villa is build only a couple of years ago and has a very playful design with different living levels. From the open kitchen/living area you have a beautiful view on the Amstel river. Swans, ducks and al kind of other water birds are passing by right in front of you.    Downstairs are three small children's bedrooms and a bat","Since our boat is located very central, everything is nearby. The famous Albert Cuyp market in the charming De Pijp area is just around the corner at walking distance and all the big musea are at about 15 minute walk distance.",All kinds of transport are just around the corner. There are trams in any direction at a 3 minute walk from the boat. The Amstel train station is also close just in case you might want to visit the Dutch beach in Zandvoort or Bloemendaal go and see the Keukenhof (flowershow)  or travel to any other city.,We do NOT rent our watervilla to young groups of friends that come to Amsterdam to explore the nightlife together. This boat is our home and not a commercial renting object. We live here very happily with our children and we prefer to rent it to families and couples. We expect our guests to enjoy everything our boat has to offer but also that they treat our belongings with respect. Our boat is not suitable for guests with pets.
