"An authentic 17th Century monument, right in the City Center of Amsterdam. This recently renovated and stylishly furnished family house is comfortably situated between the Rembrandtplein and Leidsplein and on walking distance from the Rijksmuseum.     ","Beautiful and spacious family house in city center of Amsterdam, with a lovely garden, 2 bathrooms and luxury kitchen. A small historic stair leads up from street level to the ground floor, where you’ll find a hall, leading to a spacious living room connected to a dining room with open kitchen, equipped with ‘ Gagenau’  appliances. The dining room/kitchen faces the porch and garden where you can sit and have diner.  On the first floor you’ll find 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, in the basement there is a fully equipped second living room and an additional bedroom and toilet.  The garden faces south, has a terrace and lawn.   ","An authentic 17th Century monument, right in the City Center of Amsterdam. This recently renovated and stylishly furnished family house is comfortably situated between the Rembrandtplein and Leidsplein and on walking distance from the Rijksmuseum.      Beautiful and spacious family house in city center of Amsterdam, with a lovely garden, 2 bathrooms and luxury kitchen. A small historic stair leads up from street level to the ground floor, where you’ll find a hall, leading to a spacious living room connected to a dining room with open kitchen, equipped with ‘ Gagenau’  appliances. The dining room/kitchen faces the porch and garden where you can sit and have diner.  On the first floor you’ll find 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, in the basement there is a fully equipped second living room and an additional bedroom and toilet.  The garden faces south, has a terrace and lawn.   You will have access to the house and garden. Only on arrival and departure. This is the perfect location when you are vi","This is the perfect location when you are visiting Amsterdam. Noorderstraat is in the canal district, the 17th 18th century part of Amsterdam. From the house you practically go everywhere by foot: - 700 meters to museum district with Rijksmuseum (you can actually hear the bells), Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum (modern art) -Around the corner one of the most beautiful canals of Amsterdam, the ‘ Reguliersgracht’ .  - 900 meters to the ‘ Negen Straatjes’  a well-known shopping area with lots of interesting small shops.  - The house is between Leidseplein (900 meter) and Rembrandtsplein (800 meters) Around the corner at the Vijzelstraat and the Utrechtsestraat you will find a nice selection of cafes, restaurants and supermarkets. There are many more museums around the corner, like the Hermitage. The Waterlooplein flee- and Albert Cuyp streetmarkets, the Pijp, bustling Rembrandtsquare, Concertgebouw and National Opera, cinema's, good choice of (international) restaurants. Just str","The city center of Amsterdam is not that huge. From the house you can practically walk everywhere. Or if you want to do as the locals do, you can rent a bike. Public transport is right around the corner. The nearest tram stop is 150 meters from the house (lines 16 and 24 to Central Station).",Check in: after 15.00 (3 AM) Smoking is not allowed. Pets are not allowed.
