"Our apartment is overviewing the beautiful Westerpark. A  cultural location with bars, movietheater, festivals, markets and a 5 min walk to the lively Jordaan. A big livingspace with open kitchen and  south-facing balcony with bedroom. ","The renovated apartment (65m2) is situated on the third and half of the fourth floor. The open kitchen with big eating table (8 persons) is on the quiet back of the apartment. and has a south facing balcony for sunny breakfasts. The bright livingroom with comfortable couch at the front of the apartment has a beautiful view of the Westerpark. A bathroom with a shower, toilet and washbasin, washing machine and dryer. The bedroom with big bed is on the top floor and accessible via the outdoor stairs. There is also an craddle for a baby. The apartment is ideal for 2-3 persons. one person can sleep on the big couch. The Westerpark is across the water and there are lots of bars, restaurants, movietheater, galleries, festivals, (food) markets and boat rental service! You can play tennis, bbq, go jogging etc. with a 5 minute walk you are in the historic and lively Jordaan with many bars, restaurants, galleries and Anne Frank's house. Also nearby is the award winning shopping street ""Haarlemmer","Our apartment is overviewing the beautiful Westerpark. A  cultural location with bars, movietheater, festivals, markets and a 5 min walk to the lively Jordaan. A big livingspace with open kitchen and  south-facing balcony with bedroom. The renovated apartment (65m2) is situated on the third and half of the fourth floor. The open kitchen with big eating table (8 persons) is on the quiet back of the apartment. and has a south facing balcony for sunny breakfasts. The bright livingroom with comfortable couch at the front of the apartment has a beautiful view of the Westerpark. A bathroom with a shower, toilet and washbasin, washing machine and dryer. The bedroom with big bed is on the top floor and accessible via the outdoor stairs. There is also an craddle for a baby. The apartment is ideal for 2-3 persons. one person can sleep on the big couch. The Westerpark is across the water and there are lots of bars, restaurants, movietheater, galleries, festivals, (food) markets and boat rental se","Nice neigborhood with nice cafe's, cinema, and of course the beautifull Westerpark.",Busses and trams are nearby,
