"I was already in love with this neighbourhood when I bought the apartment a few of years ago. It's completely renovated and has all modern facilities, so you'll feel right at home and ready to explore the city. The area is one of the nicest in Amsterdam - a surprisingly quiet street but a huge selection of shops, bars, restaurants, bike rental, parking space and more just around the corner, with all main tourist attractions at walking distance or a short tram ride away.","The apartment is located 3 stairs up the building, and is divided into 2 floors.  The master bedroom, the bathroom and a secondary guest room (which it doesn't have a door) are located on the top floor. There's a 1.60m wide bed with a mosquito net and a balcony inside the master bedroom. The bathroom is equipped with a big rain shower head and dim lights, for an extra-easy hot wake up shower. There's two sinks as well, so no need to take turns brushing your teeth.  On the bottom floor you'll find the kitchen, the toilet and the living room. The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking gear that you can use. There's a professional knife set, a triply bonded stainless steel pan, skillets, a blender, 6-pit gas burner, a big stove, dishwasher, a big refrigerator with ice compartment, and a variety of fresh kitchen herbs.","I was already in love with this neighbourhood when I bought the apartment a few of years ago. It's completely renovated and has all modern facilities, so you'll feel right at home and ready to explore the city. The area is one of the nicest in Amsterdam - a surprisingly quiet street but a huge selection of shops, bars, restaurants, bike rental, parking space and more just around the corner, with all main tourist attractions at walking distance or a short tram ride away. The apartment is located 3 stairs up the building, and is divided into 2 floors.  The master bedroom, the bathroom and a secondary guest room (which it doesn't have a door) are located on the top floor. There's a 1.60m wide bed with a mosquito net and a balcony inside the master bedroom. The bathroom is equipped with a big rain shower head and dim lights, for an extra-easy hot wake up shower. There's two sinks as well, so no need to take turns brushing your teeth.  On the bottom floor you'll find the kitchen, the toilet","The Utrechtsestraat is right around the corner, which features everything from small, local boutiques to fancy brands. If you crave more mainstream shopping, head to the Kalverstraat. If you have an expensive taste, go the PC Hooftstraat (or Pieter Cornelisz Hooftstraat). For one-off stores, head into the 9 streets. Rembrandt Square, Leidse Square, Museum Square and the Vondelpark are at a 5-15 minute walking distance.","It's easy to get around by foot, almost any area within the main city centre within 15-30 minutes walking. There's a bike rental place in the street parallel to mine. If you're not used to cycling or cyclists, be warned, they're at the top of the food chain and the experience is not unlike taking a rickshaw in India! :-) There are multiple tram stops just around the corner which will take you anywhere you need to go, although most areas are just within walking or biking distance (and you'll see a lot more!).  Parking is expensive in Amsterdam, but if you come by car, the cheapest 24/7 parking area is called the Q-Park. You'll find it in the Marnixstraat 250, two tramstops from the apartment (or about 1km of walking).","You'll have the place to yourself but please treat it as you would your own :)  Please mind the neighbours; keep the noise down and don't play loud music after 22.00. Also, if you have high heels or dirty shoes, please take them off inside the house."
