"Our houseboat is a very authentic houseboat, very close by the city centre of Amsterdam. Amazing view on the water, very close to the hotspots of the Jordaan but also very relaxed and quiet.  A typical family boat! Living room with sitting area, TV (netflix!), fireplace, and acces to the terrace in front of the boat. Kitchen, sitting table for 6-8, acces to the second terrace in front, sundeck!1 large bedroom, with double bed. Other bedroom with 2 separate beds. bathroom wth shower and WC.","Our boat is a family boat! since we lived here, in 2013, we just started to rent out the captains cabin, the B&B. As we are fond of traveling we also rent out our own space, and it is nice to have guests over and meet new people. The boat is a boat, not a house or apartment, so whenever it's windy and stormy, the boat rocks! When entering the boat, you'll have a private, indoor terrace. It's nice to sit there in the evening, we like to sit there and have diner with my family. On the ground floor there's the living room, kitchen and dining area. From the dining area you can enter the sundeck in front. Jump in the water if you dare! Eltjo does ;-) Downstairs the bedrooms and bathroom.","Our houseboat is a very authentic houseboat, very close by the city centre of Amsterdam. Amazing view on the water, very close to the hotspots of the Jordaan but also very relaxed and quiet.  A typical family boat! Living room with sitting area, TV (netflix!), fireplace, and acces to the terrace in front of the boat. Kitchen, sitting table for 6-8, acces to the second terrace in front, sundeck!1 large bedroom, with double bed. Other bedroom with 2 separate beds. bathroom wth shower and WC. Our boat is a family boat! since we lived here, in 2013, we just started to rent out the captains cabin, the B&B. As we are fond of traveling we also rent out our own space, and it is nice to have guests over and meet new people. The boat is a boat, not a house or apartment, so whenever it's windy and stormy, the boat rocks! When entering the boat, you'll have a private, indoor terrace. It's nice to sit there in the evening, we like to sit there and have diner with my family. On the ground floor ther","The neighbourhood is very quiet, because it's a Dam you don't have the go-through travel. Very close to the Jordaan area and to the Central Station. Plenty of options to eat/shop/visit! In the beginning of the street: fresh croissants and the coffeespot. In the weekend there'a a truck-bakery from 8:30 till 9:30 for fresh bread.","Parking: at the IJ-dock parking you can park your car closet to the boat From the airport the train brings you in 10 minutes to the central Station. by foot in 10 minutes to our boat, by bus (48, in front of the Central Sation, get off at busstop Barentzplein) in 3 minutes. turn to your right and you will enter the Silodam","On top of the boat we also have a B&B. It's rented out separate from our own home. They have their own space and private terrace, so they won't bother you.But just keep in mind there is the possibility that there are other guests when you stay with us!"
