"Fantastic room available, particularly for mid- to longer term rentals. Please send me a note to enquire if you are interested! Long term pricing applies, enquire for details if it is not clear.","Luxurious bright room, minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. A tram to Leidseplein and other areas of Amsterdam also stops within steps of the builing, and you can easily get anywhere in town. It is a lovely neighbourhood with a lot of amenities; like a shopping plaza with large supermarkets and drugstores just a 4 min walk away. The room has one double bed. The room features spectacular views, a TV. Highspeed wifi, kitchen, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs), kitchen appliances, washing machine. No smoking allowed. Also, you are welcome to use the microwave to prepare meals but we do not allow elaborate cooking in the kitchen. No meal prep after 9pm.  the neighborhood is well connected with 24 hour transit available with both bus and tram. this is a famous touristy (yet quiet) part of town because of the spectacular architecture in the area. we have modern canal ho","Fantastic room available, particularly for mid- to longer term rentals. Please send me a note to enquire if you are interested! Long term pricing applies, enquire for details if it is not clear. Luxurious bright room, minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. A tram to Leidseplein and other areas of Amsterdam also stops within steps of the builing, and you can easily get anywhere in town. It is a lovely neighbourhood with a lot of amenities; like a shopping plaza with large supermarkets and drugstores just a 4 min walk away. The room has one double bed. The room features spectacular views, a TV. Highspeed wifi, kitchen, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs), kitchen appliances, washing machine. No smoking allowed. Also, you are welcome to use the microwave to prepare meals but we do not allow elaborate cooking in the kitchen. No meal prep after 9pm.  the neighborhood is we","the neighborhood is well connected with 24 hour transit available with both bus and tram. this is a famous touristy (yet quiet) part of town because of the spectacular architecture in the area. we have modern canal homes that are reminiscent of the old style, but very modern and interesting architecture! lots of tour buses come by to see the area, you can experience modern amsterdam for yourself by staying here. Notable architecture includes four small canals with post-modernist canal houses from various architects, cycle and pedestrian bridges by Guy Rombouts and Monica Droste, and at the Azartplein two building by the Swiss architectural firm Diener & Diener. The water is safe for swimming and lots of locals make use of this in the summer!",yes! lots of buses and trams right in front of the building from the city center and directly from the central station as well.,"Washing machine is available, maximum 1x per week. When receiving guests the AirBnB policy of EUR25/night per guest applies. No drug use of any kind"
