"Spacious and bright apartment, close to all amenities. Available for a minimum term of 3 months or longer. The nightly price is only set because there is no way around it, what counts is the long term pricing. Contact for details if it is not clear.","Great bright room minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes.  The room has one double bed, and a large cupboard. Luxurious bright room, minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. A tram to Leidseplein and other areas of Amsterdam also stops right there, and you can easily get anywhere in town. It is a lovely neighbourhood with a lot of amenities; like a shopping plaza with large supermarkets and drugstores just a 4 min walk away.  There are no pets in the apartment, and there never have been pets in the apartment so it is a great choice if you have allergies.  Highspeed wifi, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs),  washing machine, microwave and small kitchen counter. No smoking allowed. Also, you are welcome to use the microwave to prepare meals but we do not al","Spacious and bright apartment, close to all amenities. Available for a minimum term of 3 months or longer. The nightly price is only set because there is no way around it, what counts is the long term pricing. Contact for details if it is not clear. Great bright room minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes.  The room has one double bed, and a large cupboard. Luxurious bright room, minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. A tram to Leidseplein and other areas of Amsterdam also stops right there, and you can easily get anywhere in town. It is a lovely neighbourhood with a lot of amenities; like a shopping plaza with large supermarkets and drugstores just a 4 min walk away.  There are no pets in the apartment, and there never have been pets in the apartment so it",,24 hour transit links right outside the apartment building. both busses and trams. Direct bus to Central Station.,"just be respectful of the space. Obviously no drugs of any kind are allowed. No smoking indoors either. If you are bringing over guests please check first. If you are staying longer term the occassional overnight guest is OK, but extensive overnight extra guests are not.  While you are welcome to use the kitchen and there will be space for you in the fridge, extensive late night cooking (after 8pm) is not OK.  Washing machine is available for stays longer than 1 week."
