"Available for mid to long term let, inquire for minimum terms.  Great bright room minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes.","Great bright room minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes.  The room has one double bed, a desk and large closet. There are no pets in the apartment, and there never have been pets in the apartment so it is a great choice if you have allergies.  Highspeed wifi, kitchen, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs), washing machine. No smoking allowed. Also, you are welcome to use the microwave to prepare meals but we do not allow elaborate cooking in the kitchen so please do not use the stove top (it malfunctions). No meal prep after 9pm.","Available for mid to long term let, inquire for minimum terms.  Great bright room minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes. Great bright room minutes away from the city center of Amsterdam. take a bus or tram right in front of the door and be at Amsterdam central station within about ten minutes.  The room has one double bed, a desk and large closet. There are no pets in the apartment, and there never have been pets in the apartment so it is a great choice if you have allergies.  Highspeed wifi, kitchen, bathroom, communal garden (downstairs), washing machine. No smoking allowed. Also, you are welcome to use the microwave to prepare meals but we do not allow elaborate cooking in the kitchen so please do not use the stove top (it malfunctions). No meal prep after 9pm. communal areas, and kitchen to use the microwave and washing machine. Please do not use the stovetop as it m","the neighborhood is well connected with 24 hour transit available with both bus and tram. this is a famous touristy part of town because of the spectacular architecture in the area. we have modern canal homes that are reminiscent of the old style, but very modern and interesting architecture! lots of tour buses come by to see the area, you can experience modern amsterdam for yourself by staying here.",yes! lots of buses and trams right in front of the building,"Just be respectful of the space. If you are bringing over guests please check first. While you are welcome to use the kitchen and there will be space for you in the fridge, extensive late night cooking (after 8pm) is not OK.  Washing machine is fine to use if you are staying a week or longer. If you stay just 1-2 nights it is not accessible. Use maximum 1x per week."
