"Welcome to Amsterdam Aqua. My bright and spacious appartment  is located about 10 to 15 minutes to the city center by bicycle, bus or tram, bus and tram stops are very near.  It's really easy to get around town from here.. Eastern islands is a nice area with lots of light and water, and interesting architecture. Shops, supermarkets and some nice restaurants and cafe-terraces  are in the area at minutes walking distance,","The guest room is equiped  with a king-size waterbed, plus  a wall size window with a lovely view over the the mini marina, there are boats and often many birds are here; swans, geese, seagulls, ducks etcetera. You can access the large balcony. There is also TV, DVD, player, many movies, a wardrobe, hairdryer, clean towels and bedlinen. Hi speed fibre optic internet/WIFI. The balcony, bathroom and toilet are shared. See you soon at Amsterdam Aqua !","Welcome to Amsterdam Aqua. My bright and spacious appartment  is located about 10 to 15 minutes to the city center by bicycle, bus or tram, bus and tram stops are very near.  It's really easy to get around town from here.. Eastern islands is a nice area with lots of light and water, and interesting architecture. Shops, supermarkets and some nice restaurants and cafe-terraces  are in the area at minutes walking distance, The guest room is equiped  with a king-size waterbed, plus  a wall size window with a lovely view over the the mini marina, there are boats and often many birds are here; swans, geese, seagulls, ducks etcetera. You can access the large balcony. There is also TV, DVD, player, many movies, a wardrobe, hairdryer, clean towels and bedlinen. Hi speed fibre optic internet/WIFI. The balcony, bathroom and toilet are shared. See you soon at Amsterdam Aqua ! You can relax on the large balcony and enjoy the view.  The balcony is shared. Don't make noise on the balcony, Keep silent","The neighbourhood is calm, with a lot of light, water, trees, birds, and some great architecture around the ""islands"", make for nice walking around. Shops and supermarkets at minutes walking distance,  and some nice restaurants and cafe-terraces are in the area.","It is well located, good public transport to the center and other parts of town; Find the ""9292"" transport website online, Airbnb hides URL's. The central station is at about 10 minutes by bus or tram. You can also rent bicycles or a car nearby.","House rules for bed and breakfast. Check in:   flexible, after 13PM Check out: 10 AM Breakfast is served between 8 and 10 AM, so if you want to eat after 10AM, you can find many nice places in town. >You may make some tea or coffee, but not cook in the kitchen,    >The washing and drying machine is not to be used by the guest. >>No visitors; DO NOT let any other people into our home. >Animals are not allowed.  >Please don't ask things from our neighbours, or make noise in the staircase or balcony. >A copy of the guest's passport is to be made upon check-in,    >You may smoke on the balcony (tobacco only), not in the room. >No Drugs. No Drunks.  Some people believe drugs are legal in The Netherlands, they are wrong;  there is a policy of ""tolerance"" in some places, NOT legality. If you use or are going to use any kind of drugs on your visit to Holland,  book your stay somewhere else; People that use any kind of drugs will not be allowed into my home !!  There is so many good things to e"
