"Large 80m2 fully furnished apartment on Amstel River. Private bathroom, full kitchen, large bedroom, extra sleeping couch. Wifi, tv, coffeemaker, oven, washer, dryer). Entrance shared with family that lives on ground + first floor.","We are on the river, in a very quiet walking & biking boulevard lined with houseboats. We have a quiet garden and veranda at the back of the house. The B&B–room (private bathroom, WIFI, non-smoking) is at the back downstairs. In 2012 we have renovated the room: now larger and has an extra bed-sofa: 4 adults can sleep here. This garden side b&b with river front is a family friendly and offers the following amenities; cable TV and wireless internet We have all the city- and biking information. We can arrange bikes if you need, or you can rent them at the Amstel station. We have books on Amsterdam and region in: English, en Francais, en Espagnol, al Italiano. The Metro is at 150m (4 stops from Central Station, exit at Wibautstraat Station), and Amstel Station is at walking distance, or 1 subway - stop. Cars can be parked (paid, no charge on Sundays!) in front.","We are on the river, in a very quiet walking & biking boulevard lined with houseboats. We have a quiet garden and veranda at the back of the house. The B&B–room (private bathroom, WIFI, non-smoking) is at the back downstairs. In 2012 we have renovated the room: now larger and has an extra bed-sofa: 4 adults can sleep here. This garden side b&b with river front is a family friendly and offers the following amenities; cable TV and wireless internet We have all the city- and biking information. We can arrange bikes if you need, or you can rent them at the Amstel station. We have books on Amsterdam and region in: English, en Francais, en Espagnol, al Italiano. The Metro is at 150m (4 stops from Central Station, exit at Wibautstraat Station), and Amstel Station is at walking distance, or 1 subway - stop. Cars can be parked (paid, no charge on Sundays!) in front. We are available for help, we have been receiving guests since 2004. We are on the river, in a very quiet walking & biking bouleva","We are on the river, in a very quiet walking & biking boulevard lined with houseboats. Hardly any cars, rowing boats in front of the house, yet near to the centre.  We have all the city- and biking information. We can arrange bikes if you need, or you can rent them at the Amstel station. We have books on Amsterdam and region in: English, en Francais, en Espagnol, al Italiano.","Metro Wibautstraat is at 200m, Amstel Trainstation is at 800m.","We're flexible, but please arrive before 23PM and please don't smoke.... checkout is at 10 AM"
