"Super-spacious apartment for seven guests in the best of all locations at Nieuwmarkt Square. Decorated in a contemporary style, the 100m2 space comprises four bedrooms, living room, well-equipped kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet.","Short Description Nieuwmarkt Court Apartments, eight spacious apartments all in the same building. The apartments include kitchen, living room, one or more bedrooms, bathroom with bath/shower and separate toilet. The surface from the apartments are 50 to 100 square meters. Big groups, large families and stags and hens welcome. If you want to give your Amsterdam visit something special, choose to stay at the Nieuwmarkt Court apartments right in the heart of Amsterdam city centre. They offer apartments catering for all size groups from 1 to 40 guests and Amsterdam stag and hen parties are welcome. , Neighbourhood/Location Nieuwmarkt (New Market) one of the mains squares of Amsterdam and a great location for your Amsterdam stay All our properties are located on Monnikenstraat or just off Nieuwmarkt (New Market) one of the best squares in Amsterdam. Not far from China Town, Red light district, Dam Square and central station. A great central location offering all of Amsterdam on your door s","Super-spacious apartment for seven guests in the best of all locations at Nieuwmarkt Square. Decorated in a contemporary style, the 100m2 space comprises four bedrooms, living room, well-equipped kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Short Description Nieuwmarkt Court Apartments, eight spacious apartments all in the same building. The apartments include kitchen, living room, one or more bedrooms, bathroom with bath/shower and separate toilet. The surface from the apartments are 50 to 100 square meters. Big groups, large families and stags and hens welcome. If you want to give your Amsterdam visit something special, choose to stay at the Nieuwmarkt Court apartments right in the heart of Amsterdam city centre. They offer apartments catering for all size groups from 1 to 40 guests and Amsterdam stag and hen parties are welcome. , Neighbourhood/Location Nieuwmarkt (New Market) one of the mains squares of Amsterdam and a great location for your Amsterdam stay All our properties are located",,,"Big groups, large families and stags and hens welcome."
