"Our house is especially suitable for families. It was completely renovated by us in 2009. The 180 m2 of the house is spread over three levels: ground, first and second. On these levels you'll find a living room, kitchen, garden, 3 bedrooms ( 1 adult room with large double bed, one room with 1 adult bed, one room with a double bed) 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets. Depending on the need we can expand easily with an extra adult bed or provide smaller children bed or babycod.",A spacious Amsterdam family house (180m2) with garden. Preferably for families.,"Our house is especially suitable for families. It was completely renovated by us in 2009. The 180 m2 of the house is spread over three levels: ground, first and second. On these levels you'll find a living room, kitchen, garden, 3 bedrooms ( 1 adult room with large double bed, one room with 1 adult bed, one room with a double bed) 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets. Depending on the need we can expand easily with an extra adult bed or provide smaller children bed or babycod. A spacious Amsterdam family house (180m2) with garden. Preferably for families. You may use our bikes. Free acces to Amsterdam Zoo? Amsterdam Oost-Watergraafsmeer, only 20 minutes from Amsterdam Centre by bike. Around the corner you will find all necessary grocery shops, flowershop, fresh fishstore, toysshop and more. The beautiful Frankendaelpark with its nice and famous two restaurants is located on walking distance. Several playgrounds near by available. We love this part of Amsterdam for its cultural mix, great parks an","Amsterdam Oost-Watergraafsmeer, only 20 minutes from Amsterdam Centre by bike.","Around the corner you will find all necessary grocery shops, flowershop, fresh fishstore, toysshop and more. The beautiful Frankendaelpark with its nice and famous two restaurants is located on walking distance. Several playgrounds near by available. We love this part of Amsterdam for its cultural mix, great parks and markets. it is fast becoming 1 of Amsterdam hippest neighborhoods, with new restaurants, original shops and bars. within 20 minutes by bike you reach amsterdam central station and damsquare; Rijksmuseum is less.",
