,"Close to site-seeing attractions, great public transport links (trams, buses, night buses and a taxi rank within walking distance) and also within short walking distance from shops, restaurants, and tourist sites (Anne Frank House, Westerkerk, Jordaan, Leidseplein). Main features: comfortable apartment, conveniently located. The apartment is located on a bustling street, with many amenities close by. Downstairs is a night shop/delicatessen that has anything your heart may desire, there are restaurants across the street and 3 large grocery stores a couple of minutes walk.  The building has a typical Amsterdam steep staircase, and the apartment is located on the third floor, this is the top floor of the building. The apartment has a decent sized bedroom, with a double bed and a new mattress. From the main hallway there is a door to the bedroom, and there is also a sliding door between the bedroom and the livingroom. There is also sufficient wardrobe space in case you need it.  The living","Close to site-seeing attractions, great public transport links (trams, buses, night buses and a taxi rank within walking distance) and also within short walking distance from shops, restaurants, and tourist sites (Anne Frank House, Westerkerk, Jordaan, Leidseplein). Main features: comfortable apartment, conveniently located. The apartment is located on a bustling street, with many amenities close by. Downstairs is a night shop/delicatessen that has anything your heart may desire, there are restaurants across the street and 3 large grocery stores a couple of minutes walk.  The building has a typical Amsterdam steep staircase, and the apartment is located on the third floor, this is the top floor of the building. The apartment has a decent sized bedroom, with a double bed and a new mattress. From the main hallway there is a door to the bedroom, and there is also a sliding door between the bedroom and the livingroom. There is also sufficient wardrobe space in case you need it.  The living",,,"Please note that this is a residence, so its very important that you respect our neighbours by being considerate and keeping the noise-level within reasonable limits."
