"Short Description Nieuwmarkt Court Apartments C, is one of eight apartments all in the same building located at Nieuwmarkt Square This very large one bedroom apartment , 5 minutes walk from Central Station and Dam Square can sleep up to 4 guests","The square is surrounded by bars, cafes, coffee shops and , great local shops selling cakes, Thai food, Indonesian snacks, wafels and hot dogs. During the summer all of the bars and coffeeshops have terraces which are great to just sit and watch the world go by The living are is spacious with 2 leather sofas, coffee table, flat screen TV, iPod docking station and entrance to balcony. There is also a sleeping space here for one person, with 4 walls but no door. There is one large bedroom with a double bed and another single in a sleeping space with 4 walls but no door.The room also has fitted wardrobes , bedside tables and lamps. The apartment comes with a lovely fully fitted kitchen including stove, oven, large fridge, microwave, coffee maker, toaster and dish washer  Nieuwmarkt Court also come equipped with Iron and ironing board, Hair dryer, Towels,  TV / DVD, Music system, Bed Linen, Excellent security, use of fax , high speed WiFi. There are 7 apartments in the same building so it ","Short Description Nieuwmarkt Court Apartments C, is one of eight apartments all in the same building located at Nieuwmarkt Square This very large one bedroom apartment , 5 minutes walk from Central Station and Dam Square can sleep up to 4 guests The square is surrounded by bars, cafes, coffee shops and , great local shops selling cakes, Thai food, Indonesian snacks, wafels and hot dogs. During the summer all of the bars and coffeeshops have terraces which are great to just sit and watch the world go by The living are is spacious with 2 leather sofas, coffee table, flat screen TV, iPod docking station and entrance to balcony. There is also a sleeping space here for one person, with 4 walls but no door. There is one large bedroom with a double bed and another single in a sleeping space with 4 walls but no door.The room also has fitted wardrobes , bedside tables and lamps. The apartment comes with a lovely fully fitted kitchen including stove, oven, large fridge, microwave, coffee maker, ","The apartment is located at Nieuwmarkt (New Market), one of the main squares of Amsterdam, and a great location for your Amsterdam stay Nieuwmarkt is one of the best locations in the city, being around the corner from both the Red light District and C, and a mere 5 minutes walk from Dam Square and Central station.",,Smoking is ONLY allowed in the balcony No Damage deposit required. Earlier check-in can be possible; call upon arrival to verify.
