"Welcome to a spacious, sun filled corner apartment with view on water (canal) and long balcony. It is located in trendy 'Hoofddorpplein buurt' next to Amsterdam Vondelpark, and you'll be in immediate proximity to stores, cafe's and restaurants. Tram stop right in front of my place and takes 10-20 min to the center. My guests have said it is an oasis in the middle of the city.","Welcome to my apartment. It is sun-filled and looks out on the green trees surrounding the house, feeling like you are in nature. It has a little nook, with view on water (canal) with boats. The long balcony is on the sunny side during the entire day. I live close to neighbourhood stores, traiteurs, cafe's and restaurants which I indicate on Airbnb neighborhood map.  The interior is a mix of vintage Scandinavian and modern design, street-art and things I bring from my travels.  GOOD for: ideal for couple. 1 bedroom. Situated on the first floor with staircase. I do not accept more than 2 guests. The sofa is not for sleeping. No pets. Not suitable for young children.  INTRODUCE yourself :) I am interested in who I am hosting. Before I accept your request please tell me a bit about yourself: _your name and age _what do you do in your country?  _likes, interests, hobby besides your work _purpose of visit to Amsterdam _reason to choose our place _arrival time at the airport/the apartment PR","Welcome to a spacious, sun filled corner apartment with view on water (canal) and long balcony. It is located in trendy 'Hoofddorpplein buurt' next to Amsterdam Vondelpark, and you'll be in immediate proximity to stores, cafe's and restaurants. Tram stop right in front of my place and takes 10-20 min to the center. My guests have said it is an oasis in the middle of the city. Welcome to my apartment. It is sun-filled and looks out on the green trees surrounding the house, feeling like you are in nature. It has a little nook, with view on water (canal) with boats. The long balcony is on the sunny side during the entire day. I live close to neighbourhood stores, traiteurs, cafe's and restaurants which I indicate on Airbnb neighborhood map.  The interior is a mix of vintage Scandinavian and modern design, street-art and things I bring from my travels.  GOOD for: ideal for couple. 1 bedroom. Situated on the first floor with staircase. I do not accept more than 2 guests. The sofa is not for","You will be staying in a residential and up- and coming Amsterdam neighbourhood with staples and current new concepts opening all the time. Its close to the central park, which is lovely to ride through on your way to the city, get out for a run, or summer time. Within a 5 minute walk, there is everything you would need. Directly on the corner with outside- and indoor seating is a cosy Belgian/Dutch cafe for the best afternoon hang to get a taste of our culture. They offer various beers on the tab and serve it with a smile.  Not too far away from there is a sit down restaurant run by a some young locals. They change the menu quite often and it never disappoints. For your morning coffees and a quick check-in on emails and perhaps doing some work, visit quirky Cafenation.  Their coffee will get you going and its a five minute walk to the park or next tram from there.  Right around the corner is a Australian place called Drovers Dog, which does a real nice breakfast roll, and a lovely blo","Tram stop is right in front of the house and takes you into the center with 10-20 minutes. Busses and trains in close proximity to take you to the airport. I also arrange a personal chauffeur on request.  Furthermore, there is a bike rental place around the corner. Walking to the center through the central park Vondelpark is also an option. And there are plenty of cafes, restaurants and shops in walking distance.","Japanese house rules, please take off your shoes indoors.  Strictly non-smoking indoors. You can have a cigaret or two on the balcony, if you must :-) No more then 2 guests allowed. Would you want to have someone else over, please discuss beforehand.  No pets. No children. Cleaning services may be planned on days of visit, and will be communicated up front.  The place is well isolated, but please mind the neighbours. There are two other apartments in this building entrance, and they are friendly nice people."
