"Clean, crisp and fully equipped. Perfect base for exploring Amsterdam, museums and city center nearby. Also possible for 3 or 4 people and flexibel check in and checkout times. Parking is avalailable in the street.","Two bedrooms, one has a king size bed (160 cm x 220 cm) and wardrobe. The other room is equipped with a comfortable sofa bed (140 cm x 200cm). Both bedrooms are located at the back of the building where the gardens are located, so no noises from the street. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (4th US) and has been renovated from top to bottom. Kitchen (fully equipped) separate toilet and spacious bathroom are brand new. There's a balcony which can be accessed from both bedrooms. The apartment has a lot of privacy and is well insulated.","Clean, crisp and fully equipped. Perfect base for exploring Amsterdam, museums and city center nearby. Also possible for 3 or 4 people and flexibel check in and checkout times. Parking is avalailable in the street. Two bedrooms, one has a king size bed (160 cm x 220 cm) and wardrobe. The other room is equipped with a comfortable sofa bed (140 cm x 200cm). Both bedrooms are located at the back of the building where the gardens are located, so no noises from the street. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (4th US) and has been renovated from top to bottom. Kitchen (fully equipped) separate toilet and spacious bathroom are brand new. There's a balcony which can be accessed from both bedrooms. The apartment has a lot of privacy and is well insulated. I can  provide you with the latest hotspots! If during your stay you have any questions or a problem please don't hesitate and give me a call! Within walking distance are numerous great bars, restaurants, shops and supermarkets. All the ","Within walking distance are numerous great bars, restaurants, shops and supermarkets. All the tourist attractions are easy to reach by public transport or rental bike.","This area is conveniently located near the city center and the Museum district. Public transport (tram and bus stop) is a minute walk from the apartment and travel time from airport Schiphol with public transport takes about half an hour. Ask at Schiphol for a Amsterdam Travel Ticket, you can travel with all public transport in Amsterdam for only €20. Within walking distance there are a numerous great bars, restaurants and coffeehouses. A supermarket, bakery, butcher and the famous Albert Cuyp market are also nearby.  I can provide you with the latest Hotspots! Parking is available in the street in front of the house,  prices are per: hour €3/ 24-hours €27 (excluding Sundays and official holidays). Cheap long term parking is available at RAI and Olympic stadium (check the website from P+R Amsterdam).    But the best way to travel in Amsterdam like a local is by bike.","Smoking inside the apartment s not allowed, you can use the balcony. Please mind the neighbors."
