"Located 7 mins walk from Central Station, 2 mins walk from Dam Square & kitted out with modern fittings. There are two floors. Bedroom/Bathroom upstairs with a open plan kitchen/living area (sofa-bed). Public transport is a stone’s throw away, allowing you to see all of Amsterdam conveniently.","This apartment is a classic example of Amsterdam architecture. High ceilings give a nice openness to the apartment. You cannot get much more central, with the Jordaan 5 mins away, Dam square 2 mins away (all walking). Ams Centraal Station is 7mins walk away allowing to get out of the city and experience some less  touristic attractions.","Located 7 mins walk from Central Station, 2 mins walk from Dam Square & kitted out with modern fittings. There are two floors. Bedroom/Bathroom upstairs with a open plan kitchen/living area (sofa-bed). Public transport is a stone’s throw away, allowing you to see all of Amsterdam conveniently. This apartment is a classic example of Amsterdam architecture. High ceilings give a nice openness to the apartment. You cannot get much more central, with the Jordaan 5 mins away, Dam square 2 mins away (all walking). Ams Centraal Station is 7mins walk away allowing to get out of the city and experience some less  touristic attractions. You will have access to the entire apartment. It is a very safe area, with all neighbors respecting each others piece and quiet.  You cant get a much better location for getting around the city!","It is a very safe area, with all neighbors respecting each others piece and quiet. ",You cant get a much better location for getting around the city!,"As I will be out of Amsterdam during your stay I will connect you with a friend who will be there for you when you arrive & leave. With that said, it is vital that you arrange an appropriate time of your arrival so that i can forward the time and dates to my friend. On airbnb most people fill in a phone number. Make sure that's the number on which I can reach you. If you are not reachable; make sure you stick to the time we agreed to meet at my apartment. Please feel at home, I will do everything to make your stay a pleasant one, but it is not a hotel."
