Second and third floor apartment with very steep stairs,"Just a few minutes walking from Central Station , very well located . 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms . The apartment is situated in the Jordaan, a very popular and exclusive area of Amsterdam. You will be in the very heart of this historic city exploring it's small streets offering a diverse variety of boutiques, antiques and speciality stores.  The Jordaan is well known for it's tiny backstreets laced with twisting canals, fresh produce markets and old fashioned cafés and bars capturing the spirit of Amsterdam like nowhere else.  The apartment is arranged over two floors (first and second) and features a combined open plan kitchen, living and dining room, providing a fully fitted kitchen, a dining room table and six chairs, a range of comfortable seating and an entertainment system complete with TV, CD & DVD player.  On the first floor is the kitchen which is fully fitted with microwave, oven ,gas hob, fridge freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, kettle, coffee maker, and all ","Second and third floor apartment with very steep stairs Just a few minutes walking from Central Station , very well located . 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms . The apartment is situated in the Jordaan, a very popular and exclusive area of Amsterdam. You will be in the very heart of this historic city exploring it's small streets offering a diverse variety of boutiques, antiques and speciality stores.  The Jordaan is well known for it's tiny backstreets laced with twisting canals, fresh produce markets and old fashioned cafés and bars capturing the spirit of Amsterdam like nowhere else.  The apartment is arranged over two floors (first and second) and features a combined open plan kitchen, living and dining room, providing a fully fitted kitchen, a dining room table and six chairs, a range of comfortable seating and an entertainment system complete with TV, CD & DVD player.  On the first floor is the kitchen which is fully fitted with microwave, oven ,gas hob, fridge freezer, dishwasher, washi","Lovely area , lot of stores, restaurant , very busy street , weekends it can be noisy .",,
