.,"Nice cozy and luxurious (80 square meters!) 3 rooms apartment next to the Famous Vondelpark, and  walking distance to city center and museum quarter. Very clean, possibility to sleep 4 in a typical Amsterdam street. Build in the 1930's. Two floors, with a toilet on each floor. And a giant roof-terrace, looking out over the Vondelpark! Please watch the video, you can virtually walk around! The apartment is located In a very nice neighborhood, with lots of  restaurants and shops. Central, but in a nice and quiet street. Close to the Vondelpark, walking distance to the famous Leidse square, museum square.  (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum)  There is very good public transport. Anne Frank house is easily reached by tram.  The Dam, Red Light District is 10 minutes by tram.   Amsterdam Schiphol airport is 20 minutes by car, 15 minutes by train and the train station is 5 minutes by tram Living room with comfy sofa,  and chairs, TV, DVD, DVD's available. With a pretty view in th",". Nice cozy and luxurious (80 square meters!) 3 rooms apartment next to the Famous Vondelpark, and  walking distance to city center and museum quarter. Very clean, possibility to sleep 4 in a typical Amsterdam street. Build in the 1930's. Two floors, with a toilet on each floor. And a giant roof-terrace, looking out over the Vondelpark! Please watch the video, you can virtually walk around! The apartment is located In a very nice neighborhood, with lots of  restaurants and shops. Central, but in a nice and quiet street. Close to the Vondelpark, walking distance to the famous Leidse square, museum square.  (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum)  There is very good public transport. Anne Frank house is easily reached by tram.  The Dam, Red Light District is 10 minutes by tram.   Amsterdam Schiphol airport is 20 minutes by car, 15 minutes by train and the train station is 5 minutes by tram Living room with comfy sofa,  and chairs, TV, DVD, DVD's available. With a pretty view in ","The apartment is located In a very nice neighborhood, with lots of  restaurants and shops. Central, but in a nice and quiet street. Close to the Vondelpark, walking distance to the famous Leidse square, museum square.  (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum)  There is very good public transport. Anne Frank house is easily reached by tram.  The Dam, Red Light District is 10 minutes by tram.   Amsterdam Schiphol airport is 20 minutes by car, 15 minutes by train and the train station is 5 minutes by tram",tram or train,Smoking is allowed on the balcony and roof terrace There is an extra very good mattress available for 2 guests at 40 Euro per guest per night To put wherever you want. There are curtains in the whole house to blind the lights.
