,"Looking for a nice place to stay in the centre of Amsterdam? Located between the infamous canals and minutes walking from the zoo, City hall, opera house and underground.  Our apartment is located in the city centre of Amsterdam in a peaceful neighbourhood called the Plantage because of the  green environment.  You will be staying in your own apartment, with a bedroom (double bed), bathroom and a separate living room. Airbed can be provided for one or two an additional guests.  Ample public transport in the vicinity being metro and tram (lines 9,7,6,10) with stops 100 meters from our building. Closest supermarket is a 3 minute walk. The apartment is fully outfitted with a complete kitchen including fridge and dishwasher. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions and do not hesitate to make a reservation. We are looking forward to welcoming you to Amsterdam! IMPORTANT INFORMATION Please let us know in advance When You Want to check in so we can plan our day around it. You can ch","Looking for a nice place to stay in the centre of Amsterdam? Located between the infamous canals and minutes walking from the zoo, City hall, opera house and underground.  Our apartment is located in the city centre of Amsterdam in a peaceful neighbourhood called the Plantage because of the  green environment.  You will be staying in your own apartment, with a bedroom (double bed), bathroom and a separate living room. Airbed can be provided for one or two an additional guests.  Ample public transport in the vicinity being metro and tram (lines 9,7,6,10) with stops 100 meters from our building. Closest supermarket is a 3 minute walk. The apartment is fully outfitted with a complete kitchen including fridge and dishwasher. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions and do not hesitate to make a reservation. We are looking forward to welcoming you to Amsterdam! IMPORTANT INFORMATION Please let us know in advance When You Want to check in so we can plan our day around it. You can ch",,,"No smoking in the appartement No parties. Be considerate with the neighbours, you do share the staircase from the front door to your own front door."
