"You have found a deluxe and very special 155m2 apartment on one of the most beautiful and centrally located spots of Amsterdam, along the Amstel river. This newly renovated suite offers a grand living space with an open kitchen and a view to die for.","Have you ever dreamt of visiting the exciting city of Amsterdam with its beautiful canals and historic architecture? Can you imagine the breath taking view on the Amstel river from the balcony of your very own apartment - with your loved one, with friends or just relaxing after a busy day? Your dream has just come true; you have found a deluxe, very special and centrally located 155m2 apartment on one of the most beautiful spots of Amsterdam, along the Amstel river. This high end, newly renovated suite offers a grand living space with an open kitchen and a view to die for. It once functioned as a dependance of the famous Amstel Continental Hotel and was originally designed by the same architect as Amsterdam’s grand concert house (Van Gendt). Our house is located in the city centre, surrounded by canals, galleries, café’s, restaurants, various markets and near the museum square. We will show you how easy it is to travel by bike, tram or taxi to every important location in the city. For ","You have found a deluxe and very special 155m2 apartment on one of the most beautiful and centrally located spots of Amsterdam, along the Amstel river. This newly renovated suite offers a grand living space with an open kitchen and a view to die for. Have you ever dreamt of visiting the exciting city of Amsterdam with its beautiful canals and historic architecture? Can you imagine the breath taking view on the Amstel river from the balcony of your very own apartment - with your loved one, with friends or just relaxing after a busy day? Your dream has just come true; you have found a deluxe, very special and centrally located 155m2 apartment on one of the most beautiful spots of Amsterdam, along the Amstel river. This high end, newly renovated suite offers a grand living space with an open kitchen and a view to die for. It once functioned as a dependance of the famous Amstel Continental Hotel and was originally designed by the same architect as Amsterdam’s grand concert house (Van Gendt","Our home is a green oasis in the heart of Amsterdam. We love the amazing view of the river Amstel and often go jogging there or just stroll along the water. You will have the best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is a lovely, classy shopping street, with boutiques and trendy café’s and restaurants. This lovely neighborhood also borders the famous, historical Canals on one side, and the vibrant Pijp area on the other. All can be easily navigated by foot. The popular Albert Cuyp daily market is nearby, as is the Waterlooplein flea market. Along the Amstel River you’ll also find a few of Amsterdam’s most prestigious buildings, such as the Carre Theatre and the Hermitage museum, with its impressive art collection and exhibitions. If we feel like a  funky night out we go to Trouw on the Wibautstraat. There are lots of wonderful restaurants and pubs, grand café's and so much more. We have a hand out specially for you with more details. We want to make sure you will enjoy the ","Public transport, be it tram, subway or busses are all within 3 to 5 minutes walking distance. The Central Station and the Amstel Station can be reached easily by subway. There are also bikes available. And to be honest almost everything is within walking distance from the apartment.",We love guests that treat our home as if it were their own. No smoking No pets
