"Charming apartment in the vibrant area Old West. Located on a nice and quiet street through the canal in one of the most bustling neighborhoods of Amsterdam. The kitchen is fully furnished for visitors who enjoy cooking. If not, there are many excellent restaurants within walking distance. You will stay in the middle of Amsterdam but will have a good night sleep as the neighborhood is very peaceful. This apartment is on the first floor of the building.","My apartment is 65m2. I life alone in this apartment, with no pets. The apartment is in front of the canal, see photo for the view. Five minutes away from the center. The apartment comes with a comfy double bed, a couch, television, table and chairs and a wasmachine. The apartment also has a toilet and bathroom. There is free wifi available. Amsterdam has the best tap water in the world, so you can enjoy that for free! :)","Charming apartment in the vibrant area Old West. Located on a nice and quiet street through the canal in one of the most bustling neighborhoods of Amsterdam. The kitchen is fully furnished for visitors who enjoy cooking. If not, there are many excellent restaurants within walking distance. You will stay in the middle of Amsterdam but will have a good night sleep as the neighborhood is very peaceful. This apartment is on the first floor of the building. My apartment is 65m2. I life alone in this apartment, with no pets. The apartment is in front of the canal, see photo for the view. Five minutes away from the center. The apartment comes with a comfy double bed, a couch, television, table and chairs and a wasmachine. The apartment also has a toilet and bathroom. There is free wifi available. Amsterdam has the best tap water in the world, so you can enjoy that for free! :) Most likely we will be travelling when we rent out the apartment. Marianne and her hosts are taking care of my apartm","Old West is one of the most diverse neighbourhoods in town. You find almost everything here. There are a lot of stores and many restaurant hotspots, the foodhallen and you will find a nice eatery at almost every corner. Located pretty close to some the famous Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Melkweg and Museumplein.",Very well connected with the center by bus and tram. You can also rent a bike. The city center is a 5 minute bike ride away. There are (paid) parking places in front of the door.,"House rules - Check in: 3.00 PM (unless agreed otherwise) - Check in after 8:00 PM: we charge €20 extra to cover our expenses - Check out: 11.00 AM We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down. We kindly ask you to respect your neighbours; - No loud music after 10.00 PM;  - No house parties;  - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - No smoking inside the apartment; - No drugs. The use of drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - We provide you with clean bedsheets and one medium sized towel (140x70 cm) per person at no additional charge. Please leave them after check out; - Extra towels are available for rent for €2 per towel. - Please do not use any other towels and/or bedlinen you might find in the house. We will charge you €25,- for dry cleaning services. - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mailman, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - We guarantee a cle"
