"We are an international family that loves to travel and visit friends and family around the world. We love our city, for its rich history, beautiful architecture and breathtaking beauty. Our busy lives, always makes us appreciate holidays, adventures and new discoveries and we like the thought that others are seeking to enjoy the same pleasures. Hope you enjoy staying in our home and take good care of it.","The 2nd floor apartment, which was formerly a mine studio, converted into a family home over 20 years ago, can be accessed by elevator. It is high- ceilinged and the numerous oversized windows look onto neighboring gardens and trees. The apartment is situated at the back of the building and therefore very quiet and gives you the feeling of living in the country. The semi closed kitchen opens onto a spacious living and dining area. There are two bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with two single beds and each bedroom has its own bathroom. There is also a separate toilet in the entrance. There is a small closed off office space, looking over the living room for working or reading. The apartment has a comfortable and contemporary feel to it.","We are an international family that loves to travel and visit friends and family around the world. We love our city, for its rich history, beautiful architecture and breathtaking beauty. Our busy lives, always makes us appreciate holidays, adventures and new discoveries and we like the thought that others are seeking to enjoy the same pleasures. Hope you enjoy staying in our home and take good care of it. The 2nd floor apartment, which was formerly a mine studio, converted into a family home over 20 years ago, can be accessed by elevator. It is high- ceilinged and the numerous oversized windows look onto neighboring gardens and trees. The apartment is situated at the back of the building and therefore very quiet and gives you the feeling of living in the country. The semi closed kitchen opens onto a spacious living and dining area. There are two bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with two single beds and each bedroom has its own bathroom. There is also a separate toilet in t","Our home is located on the picturesque Keizersgracht, one of Amsterdam’s famous canals. You are a walking distance away from the cities most popular areas and main attractions such as, Dam Square, The Museum District, Vondelpark and The Anne Frank house. The popular “nine streets” which are a stepping stone away, offers travelers an endless possibility to discover fashionable boutiques, bars, restaurants, galleries and cafes. An evening stroll in the historical heart of Amsterdam’s canal area is always a magical end to any day!",,
