"We are happy to share our home in the area we love.  Our apartment is in the lively neighborhood of Amsterdam Oost, within easy reach of the city center. You can chill on the comfy chairs in the lounge, hang around the bar in the open kitchen (with all amenities), relax in the bath tub, and get a good nights rest in the quiet bedroom (full double bed).","Living room: this is an open space with kitchen, bar, comfy chairs, and a big table used for office space. Big screen TV and WiFi.  The kitchen is fully equipped, we want you to feel free to use supplies (such as tea, spices and our homemade elderflower cordial), but there are also plenty of places in the area to dine in or take-out.   Bedroom: with a comfortable double bed and open doors to the balcony facing the south (with a table and two chairs).  Bathroom: with walk-in shower and bath tub, to wind down after a long day sightseeing.","We are happy to share our home in the area we love.  Our apartment is in the lively neighborhood of Amsterdam Oost, within easy reach of the city center. You can chill on the comfy chairs in the lounge, hang around the bar in the open kitchen (with all amenities), relax in the bath tub, and get a good nights rest in the quiet bedroom (full double bed). Living room: this is an open space with kitchen, bar, comfy chairs, and a big table used for office space. Big screen TV and WiFi.  The kitchen is fully equipped, we want you to feel free to use supplies (such as tea, spices and our homemade elderflower cordial), but there are also plenty of places in the area to dine in or take-out.   Bedroom: with a comfortable double bed and open doors to the balcony facing the south (with a table and two chairs).  Bathroom: with walk-in shower and bath tub, to wind down after a long day sightseeing. You will have access to the entire apartment. Make yourself at home! Our super friendly sister-in-law ",Amsterdam Oost is a real upcoming neighborhood with new hip places opening up every week around the corner. We will provide your with a list of tips around the area.,"Tram 9 stops around the corner (100 meters), bringing you straight to the city center. Also, trains are near (closest stations Muiderpoort and Amstel).",
