"Amstel Nest is a stylish guest room for those who are looking for a quality accommodation.  Located in the neighborhood of the Amstel river, adjacent to the popular district de Pijp, you can easily taste the authentic Amsterdam life and enjoy the great connectivity.","Amstel Nest is designed and crafted with care and love - all by ourselves! There are few special features of Amstel Nest:  - An en-suite bathroom with a shower.  - Direct access to your room after entering the house.  - Toilet is located in the hallway which is private for the guests during the nighttime, only during the day it's shared. From the guest room, you can access directly to the toilet without passing our living space.","Amstel Nest is a stylish guest room for those who are looking for a quality accommodation.  Located in the neighborhood of the Amstel river, adjacent to the popular district de Pijp, you can easily taste the authentic Amsterdam life and enjoy the great connectivity. Amstel Nest is designed and crafted with care and love - all by ourselves! There are few special features of Amstel Nest:  - An en-suite bathroom with a shower.  - Direct access to your room after entering the house.  - Toilet is located in the hallway which is private for the guests during the nighttime, only during the day it's shared. From the guest room, you can access directly to the toilet without passing our living space. After main entrance, you have direct access to your room without passing other parts of the house. We do our best to provide you a relaxed, private experience.  We respect if you need more privacy.  We welcome you if you'd like to make a chat and share a moment with us! From our place, you can easil","From our place, you can easily take a stroll (20-25 minutes) or bike (8-10 minutes) along the Amstel river to the waterlooplein & center area.  Located in the neighborhood of the Amstel river, adjacent to the popular district de Pijp, you can easily taste the authentic Amsterdam life and enjoy the great connectivity.","Our place is also easily accessible with public and private transport. Metro station Wibaustraat is around the corner (5-6 minutes walk) which is the 4th stop from the Central Station. Another tram station (#3) is in close proximity to our house and connect to interesting districts such as De Pijp, Museum quarter and Jordan. Two motorway exits S112 (Gooiseweg) & S116 (IJtunnel) connect you easily to our street (via Wibaustraat). Fancy cycling around Amsterdam? Let us know and we will provide you tips and info about bike rental and etc.",
