"My home is in north part of Amsterdam, really quiet, spacious and safe, a nice place to take a good rest after a busy day of sightseeing. It takes 18 minutes by bus (runs 24hours) or bike from the central station, where the absolute centre of A'dam.","My apartment is commodious and clean, 85 m2, situated in a white quiet residential building with 11 floors. There are 2 elevators available. The bus stop is 200 meters away. The big shopping center is just a few minutes walk. There are enough free parking places around the building (see one of the pic's).  I have 2 bedrooms. The small room (12 m2) is with a single bed (real high quality Boxspring), the big room (20m2) is with a double bed (electrical adjustable at head and foot) with two separate mattresses. One of these two bedrooms will be rent to you - the small room for one person and the big room for two or three (in this case a extra foldable single bed will be placed) persons. High speed Wifi is available. 24 hours warm water. Free car parking. Flexible check-in and check-out times in consultation with owner.  Rental includes use of the pivate bedroom and (shared) bathroom (if there is other guest). The bathroom with floor heating is new, luxurious and spacious. You are welcome ","My home is in north part of Amsterdam, really quiet, spacious and safe, a nice place to take a good rest after a busy day of sightseeing. It takes 18 minutes by bus (runs 24hours) or bike from the central station, where the absolute centre of A'dam. My apartment is commodious and clean, 85 m2, situated in a white quiet residential building with 11 floors. There are 2 elevators available. The bus stop is 200 meters away. The big shopping center is just a few minutes walk. There are enough free parking places around the building (see one of the pic's).  I have 2 bedrooms. The small room (12 m2) is with a single bed (real high quality Boxspring), the big room (20m2) is with a double bed (electrical adjustable at head and foot) with two separate mattresses. One of these two bedrooms will be rent to you - the small room for one person and the big room for two or three (in this case a extra foldable single bed will be placed) persons. High speed Wifi is available. 24 hours warm water. Free c","The neighborhood is very green, quiet, safe and specious. You will see the wild rabbits running around, while just about 18 minutes to the absolute centre (centre station) by bus.  It's just a few minutes walk to the Dutch countryside, where you have a great view of cows, fields and villages...","From Amsterdam airport Schiphol you take the train (15 minutes) to Amsterdam central station where is the absolute centre of the city. From central station you take bus33 direction Nieuwendam, about 18 minutes you will be at my place.  If you come by car, there are enough FREE parking places around the building.","Respectful and quiet. You may come and go as demand. Smoking is only allowed at balcony, it's forbidden inside. Please treat the apartment as if it were your own, and keep in mind that you have neighbours.  The apartment is a regular home, not a hotel nor an afterparty place - so no parties, no loud music, etc. The owner reserves the right to remove you from the apartment if you do not follow these guidelines."
