"At first you will be surprised with how quiet and peaceful it is on the inside of the boat. On a good day there will be a lot of boats active on the water and you'll feel you are at the most central point of Amsterdam. Living on a boat like this gives you all the comfort (central heating, airconditioning, cable tv, et cetera), but also a feeling best described as 'freedom'. The boat is fixed of course, but the slight movements give you the feeling you are not attached to the rest of the world.","You enter the houseboat from the square directly in front of the 'Stopera'. Down about 5 steps you can go left to a small bedroom (sleeps 2), straight ahead to the rather large bathroom with toilet, seperate bath and shower. If you go right you enter the fully equipped kitchen and the living room. At the dining table you can sit and enjoy the view over the most central bit of the river Amstel. Of course there is also a comfortable couch and a sofa-bed to sleep 2. From the living room you enter the master bedroom with a nice double bed. If the weather is good you can also enjoy the terrace which has sun whenever it shines! From the terrace you'll see the river Amstel, the famous Blauwbrug (Blue bridge) and the Opera. At first you will be surprised with how quiet and peaceful it is on the inside of the boat. On a good day there will be a lot of boats active on the water and you'll feel you are at the most central point of Amsterdam. Living on a boat like this gives you all the comfort (c","You enter the houseboat from the square directly in front of the 'Stopera'. Down about 5 steps you can go left to a small bedroom (sleeps 2), straight ahead to the rather large bathroom with toilet, seperate bath and shower. If you go right you enter the fully equipped kitchen and the living room. At the dining table you can sit and enjoy the view over the most central bit of the river Amstel. Of course there is also a comfortable couch and a sofa-bed to sleep 2. From the living room you enter the master bedroom with a nice double bed. If the weather is good you can also enjoy the terrace which has sun whenever it shines! From the terrace you'll see the river Amstel, the famous Blauwbrug (Blue bridge) and the Opera. At first you will be surprised with how quiet and peaceful it is on the inside of the boat. On a good day there will be a lot of boats active on the water and you'll feel you are at the most central point of Amsterdam. Living on a boat like this gives you all the comfort (c","Being as much central as you can get there is A LOT to do in the neighbourhood. The Utrechtsestraat with the best restaurants, Rembrandt square entertainment area, Waterloo square flee market, Nieuwmarkt cafés, red ligth district, Hermitage museum, the Rembrandt house, et cetera - everything is there! Next to boat a a night store is located, which is open from 8 pm to 2 am.","If you want to visit other areas in the city, the metro and tram are just a few steps away (subway services 51, 53 and 54, trams 9 and 14, and many (night)buses). Amsterdam Central station takes about 3 minutes and in just a few minutes you can get to the Jordaan or, in the other direction, Artis ZOO.",
