,"A nice, sunny and spacious apartment in the center of Amsterdam, in the  Jordaan neighborhood: one of the most characteristics neighborhood of Amsterdam. Apartment consists of 2 rooms (bedroom + living room) . There is a modern kitchen with full appliances, and a toilet & bathroom in the apartment. It is very nearby to the central station and other public transportation. Easy to travel to the all hot spots within 10 minutes. There are many nice cafe's, restaurants, bars, art galleries and shops at walking distance. Anne Frank's house and Wester Church are just 5 minutes away. There are also many supermarkets and restaurants for your convenience. The apartment is fully furnished. Amenities: Washing machine, dishwasher, combi-microwave, espresso machine, big flat screen tv, stereo system, cable TV and Free WIFI. It is available for 2 people for short term. Any other questions, please let me know.","A nice, sunny and spacious apartment in the center of Amsterdam, in the  Jordaan neighborhood: one of the most characteristics neighborhood of Amsterdam. Apartment consists of 2 rooms (bedroom + living room) . There is a modern kitchen with full appliances, and a toilet & bathroom in the apartment. It is very nearby to the central station and other public transportation. Easy to travel to the all hot spots within 10 minutes. There are many nice cafe's, restaurants, bars, art galleries and shops at walking distance. Anne Frank's house and Wester Church are just 5 minutes away. There are also many supermarkets and restaurants for your convenience. The apartment is fully furnished. Amenities: Washing machine, dishwasher, combi-microwave, espresso machine, big flat screen tv, stereo system, cable TV and Free WIFI. It is available for 2 people for short term. Any other questions, please let me know.",,,"The bed sheets will be clean and fresh when you checked-in. Also clean towel will be provided.  We'll clean the apartment including bathroom before your arrival. When you are checking-out please leave the apartment the way you've found it: clean & tidy.  Left-over food, bottles, cans should be thrown away in the trash bin. You can use all kitchenware but when you are leaving please make sure that kitchen and all kitchenware are clean & tidy."
