,"A beautiful houseboat, in the center of Amsterdam.  Well maintained, cozy houseboat moored on a common center located in the Plantage district of Amsterdam, a stone's throw from Artis Zoo, the Amstel and Waterloo square with several terraces and restaurants within easy reach. The ship was recently on both the interior and exterior painted and fitted a new bathroom, new electrical system and new heating system. From the deck you have a nice view over the water of the New Achtergracht. The format is as follows: Entrance from the quay through generous aft stairs to hold former vv hall, bathroom with shower, bright living room lined with large windows, open kitchen, two bedrooms and storage room for functions. The bed rooms have each a not so wide bed which is suitable for one person or a couple. The  bed is 120cm wide and 2m long. In the living room there is a large sleeping sofa for 2 persons. The apartment has a 2 inch flat screen Smart TV. You can sit on the front deck and back deck.  ","A beautiful houseboat, in the center of Amsterdam.  Well maintained, cozy houseboat moored on a common center located in the Plantage district of Amsterdam, a stone's throw from Artis Zoo, the Amstel and Waterloo square with several terraces and restaurants within easy reach. The ship was recently on both the interior and exterior painted and fitted a new bathroom, new electrical system and new heating system. From the deck you have a nice view over the water of the New Achtergracht. The format is as follows: Entrance from the quay through generous aft stairs to hold former vv hall, bathroom with shower, bright living room lined with large windows, open kitchen, two bedrooms and storage room for functions. The bed rooms have each a not so wide bed which is suitable for one person or a couple. The  bed is 120cm wide and 2m long. In the living room there is a large sleeping sofa for 2 persons. The apartment has a 2 inch flat screen Smart TV. You can sit on the front deck and back deck.  ","The Plantage, or ""plantation"" is one of Amsterdam's first suburbs, and is named after the botanical and herb gardens that were popular here in the 1800s. The Artis Zoo has been one of the area's star attractions since it opened in 1838 , as the first-ever zoo in continental Europe. Nature lovers will also want to check out the Hortus Botanicus Amsterdam (Amsterdam Botanical Garden) established in 1682. The Jewish Historical Museum (Joods Historisch Museum) traces Jewish spirituality, history and culture over the millennia with exhibits spread over three former shuln (temples), retrofitted and adjoined into one masterful museum.  Another family favorite,  is the Tropics Museum (Tropenmuseum). The University of Amsterdam has many buildings around the Plantage, and as a result, many student cafes and bars are in the neighborhood. The Kriterion is a place where intellectuals meet for coffee or to play some of the many board games scattered around the café. Most importantly, the Kirterion i",,"Check-in is at 14:00 o'clock. Earlier check-ins are not possible.  A security or key deposit is applicable which is returned to guests upon their departure as long as the apartment is left in a suitable state without any damages. This amount is 200 euros  Please note that there is a cleaning fee of 60 euros per stay. The guest will have clean towels and bed linen. Also the is a cost for late check in. Our Check in time is at 14:00 till  18:00 after that time the cost is 25 euros up until 22:00 hrs, after that time the cost is 50 euros. The sewage systems in the Houseboats work with pumps, it is prohibited to throw toilet paper or any kind of objects down the toilet.  Failure to obey the house rules will result in the immediate charge of the damage deposit. Cleaning fee and Security deposit are paid through Airbnb."
