"My home is in north part of Amsterdam, really quiet, spacious and safe, a nice place to take a good rest after a busy day of sightseeing. It takes 20 minutes by metro/bus (runs 24hours) or bike from the central station, where the absolute centre of A'dam.","My apartment is commodious and clean, 85 m2, situated in a white quiet residential building with 11 floors. There are 2 elevators available. The bus stop is 200 meters away. The big shopping center is just a few minutes walk. There are enough free parking places around the building (see one of the pic's).  I have 2 bedrooms. The small room is with a single bed (real high quality Boxspring), the big room is with a double bed with two separate mattresses. One of these two bedrooms will be rent to you - the small room for one person and the big room for two or three (in this case a extra foldable single bed will be placed) persons. High speed Wifi is available. 24 hours warm water. Free car parking. Flexible check-in and check-out times in consultation with owner.  Rental includes use of the pivate bedroom and (shared) bathroom (if there is other guest). The bathroom with floor heating is new, luxurious and spacious. You are welcome to stay at the livingroom and feel free to use the refri","My home is in north part of Amsterdam, really quiet, spacious and safe, a nice place to take a good rest after a busy day of sightseeing. It takes 20 minutes by metro/bus (runs 24hours) or bike from the central station, where the absolute centre of A'dam. My apartment is commodious and clean, 85 m2, situated in a white quiet residential building with 11 floors. There are 2 elevators available. The bus stop is 200 meters away. The big shopping center is just a few minutes walk. There are enough free parking places around the building (see one of the pic's).  I have 2 bedrooms. The small room is with a single bed (real high quality Boxspring), the big room is with a double bed with two separate mattresses. One of these two bedrooms will be rent to you - the small room for one person and the big room for two or three (in this case a extra foldable single bed will be placed) persons. High speed Wifi is available. 24 hours warm water. Free car parking. Flexible check-in and check-out times ","The neighborhood is very green, quiet, safe and specious. You will see the wild rabbits running around, while just about 20 minutes to the absolute centre (centre station) by bus.  It's just a few minutes walk to the Dutch countryside, where you have a great view of cows, fields and villages...","From Amsterdam airport Schiphol take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (15 minutes). From central station take the metro 52 to Amsterdam Noord (2 minutes). From Station Amsterdam Noord take bus37 direction Amstelstation, after 4 minutes get off bus at the stop ""Beemsterstraat"". Walk back 50 meters along the road where the bus comes from, another side of the road there are 4 white high buildings (exactly the same with 11 floors). On the 3rd floor of the last building, at the end of the gallery is my apartment. You can just take the odd elevator or the stairs to my apartment DIRECTLY, and ring the bell next to the door. The total trip is about 50 minutes. If you come by car, there are enough FREE parking places around the building.","Respectful and quiet. You may come and go as demand. Smoking is only allowed at balcony.  Please treat the apartment as if it were your own, and keep in mind that you have neighbours.   The apartment is a regular home and not an after-hours club - so no parties, no loud music, etc. The owner reserves the right to remove you from the apartment if you do not follow these guidelines."
