"Sunny apartment in Bos en Lommer, build in 2012, completely furnished. The apartment is situated on the 10th floor, so the view is magnificent. A park directly in front of you, a daily market around the corner. Affordable per week, cheap per month!","The groundplan measures 3.79 meters x 7.86 meters (gross floor 30 m2, net floor 28 m2) and is furnished according to a plan by a professional architect. Despite the small surface, you will experience a spacious apartment. There are two sleeping places: a folding bedstead (200 x 140 centimeters) and a folding couch (200 x 70 centimeters). Duvet, pillows and sheets are available. Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, oven, pots & pans & everything else you need to make a quick lunch or a complete dinner. Private bath room with toilet and shower. ","Sunny apartment in Bos en Lommer, build in 2012, completely furnished. The apartment is situated on the 10th floor, so the view is magnificent. A park directly in front of you, a daily market around the corner. Affordable per week, cheap per month! The groundplan measures 3.79 meters x 7.86 meters (gross floor 30 m2, net floor 28 m2) and is furnished according to a plan by a professional architect. Despite the small surface, you will experience a spacious apartment. There are two sleeping places: a folding bedstead (200 x 140 centimeters) and a folding couch (200 x 70 centimeters). Duvet, pillows and sheets are available. Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, oven, pots & pans & everything else you need to make a quick lunch or a complete dinner. Private bath room with toilet and shower. In the basement there is a laundry, that only costs €2,50 to €3,00 including washing powder. You can make a reservation for one of the machines from your studio. There is a fast internet","Bos en Lommer is an upcoming neighborhood in the western part of Amsterdam, just inside the ring road. It was built in the beginning of the 20th century, it is multicultural, exiting and happening.  And if you like the canals and the 17the century, well, it is just 15 minutes cycling to Dam Square. A good overview of the amenities in Bos en Lommer is to be found on the website of boloboost. The website is in Dutch, but that should be no problem when you know that groenvoorziening means park, horeca means eating and drinking, kunst en cultuur means art and culture (Dutch isn’t that difficult), winkel means shop and overig means remaining. Some of my personal favourites: Shopping • Daily market (don’t forget to taste the raw herring, the seafood stall is perfect), Bos en Lommerplein (Tuesday till Saturday) • Estafette (biological super market), Bos en Lommerweg 261 • De Marokkaan (Moroccan super market), Hoofdweg 642 Coffee • Patisserie Shukran (Turkish sweets and coffee), Bos en Lommerw","How to get there by public transport: • From Central Station: take bus 21, get out on the stop Bos en Lommerplein (be careful: don't take bus-stop Bos en Lommerweg) • From Schiphol Airport: take the train to station Amsterdam Sloterdijk, there you take bus 15, get off on the stop Bos en Lommerplein (again: don't take bus-stop Bos en Lommerweg) How to get there by car: Take the A10-West, get out on exit 4 (warning: coming from the south, you take exit 5, at the traffic lights you go straight on and then you automatically will get on exit 4)","I expect you to use the studio in a decent and proper way. You are submitted to the bylaws of the home owner association, which guarantee mutual interests like no hammering and loud music between 10 pm and 7 am."
