"Beautiful and light apartment in the West of Amsterdam with lots of restaurants and bars nearby. The apartment has two balconies and everything you need. The public transport into the city center is around the corner, it takes about 10 minutes to get to Dam Square. If you go by bike, you will be in the Jordaan in 5 minutes. Also, Station Sloterdijk is just 5 minutes away. There is Wifi and Netflix, a dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso etc. Everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam!","A characteristic modern city appartment with plenty of sunshine and enough living space for 2. It's equipped with everything you need, including dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso machine, 2 tv's, Netflix and Wifi internet. I have a 1.60m very comfy boxspring and another TV in the bedroom. Also, there are two cats in the apartment called Toet and Lara. They are reaaally sweet! If you stay at my place you should be aware that you have to take care of them too :)) They only need food and water, I will make sure their litterbox is cleaned and leave another (clean) one for you to switch.","Beautiful and light apartment in the West of Amsterdam with lots of restaurants and bars nearby. The apartment has two balconies and everything you need. The public transport into the city center is around the corner, it takes about 10 minutes to get to Dam Square. If you go by bike, you will be in the Jordaan in 5 minutes. Also, Station Sloterdijk is just 5 minutes away. There is Wifi and Netflix, a dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso etc. Everything you need for a great stay in Amsterdam! A characteristic modern city appartment with plenty of sunshine and enough living space for 2. It's equipped with everything you need, including dishwasher, washing machine, nespresso machine, 2 tv's, Netflix and Wifi internet. I have a 1.60m very comfy boxspring and another TV in the bedroom. Also, there are two cats in the apartment called Toet and Lara. They are reaaally sweet! If you stay at my place you should be aware that you have to take care of them too :)) They only need food and water,","Oud-West is the city’s snug living room. Quiet, handsome residential areas alternate with bustling shopping streets. This is an area where Amsterdam residents from all walks of life live alongside one another in fraternal harmony. Here, you'll find street markets as well as elegant mansions, cultural meeting points and great terraces.","My home is close to Amsterdam Sloterdijk Trainstation (5 minutes by tram) so you can get anywhere you want from there outside of Amsterdam. If you only want to stay in Amsterdam, you can just take a tram or bus into the city center. Tram station is a 1 minute walk away! But I would advise to rent a bike :) Also, I live 1 minute away from a very nice parc, the Erasmus parc, where you can enjoy a picnic or a walk and there are tons of nice restaurants and bars within walking distance.",Please don't smoke inside. You can smoke on the balconies :)
