"Recently renovated, light city apartment in Westerpark, walking distance from the canals (Prinsengracht, Keizersgracht, Herengracht) and the Jordaan area. Only a 25 minutes walk to the Anne Frank house, Dam square and Amsterdam Central station. Right along one of Amsterdam's most beautiful parks, close (walking distance) to the boutique shopping streets Haarlemmerstraat & Haarlemmerdijk, where also the oldest cinema of Amsterdam is located.","The apartment, located on the first floor, consists of one bedroom, an ensuite bathroom and a living room. There is a kingsize bed and an airbed for the third person. Apartment  The 1-bedroom apartment has its own facilities as in bathroom, toilet, kitchen, spacious living room with dining area and a French balcony.  There is one kingsize bed and an airbed for the third person.  Location The apartment is located next to the Westerpark and around the corner of Haarlemmerplein. The Jordaan is on a 5 minutes walking distance. Central Station is only 5 minutes away by bike. Hotspots around Anne Frank house Westerpark Haarlemmerplein Haarlemmerdijk Haarlemmerstraat  Jordaan  Noordermarkt Westergasfabriek North Sea Jazz club  Mossel & Gin Café Walvis Bar Mick Morgan & Mees Public transport From Amsterdam Central Station bus 22 takes you to the apartment in 7 minutes (stop Assendelftstraat).  Please feel free to contact me for any inquiries!","Recently renovated, light city apartment in Westerpark, walking distance from the canals (Prinsengracht, Keizersgracht, Herengracht) and the Jordaan area. Only a 25 minutes walk to the Anne Frank house, Dam square and Amsterdam Central station. Right along one of Amsterdam's most beautiful parks, close (walking distance) to the boutique shopping streets Haarlemmerstraat & Haarlemmerdijk, where also the oldest cinema of Amsterdam is located. The apartment, located on the first floor, consists of one bedroom, an ensuite bathroom and a living room. There is a kingsize bed and an airbed for the third person. Apartment  The 1-bedroom apartment has its own facilities as in bathroom, toilet, kitchen, spacious living room with dining area and a French balcony.  There is one kingsize bed and an airbed for the third person.  Location The apartment is located next to the Westerpark and around the corner of Haarlemmerplein. The Jordaan is on a 5 minutes walking distance. Central Station is only 5 ",It is city centre but still not that crowded. I love the park and the cafés and shops nearby.,"Rent a bike or get a public transport card from GVB: 24 hours / EUR 7,50 48 hours / EUR 12,50 72 hours / EUR 17,00  96 hours / EUR 22,00 You can buy these at book stores (AKO) and GVB service points. For tours by bike or canal tours I would highly recommend the guys from (URL HIDDEN) They offer tours in English and French.","Please don't trash the place, don't bring anyone home, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
