"Great light 2 room apartment, walking distance from Vondelpark, Museum square, Van Gogh museum. Easy acces to my great roof terrace with view on the water. Enjoy my cosy place! Easy acces to metro and tram. ","Nice apartment 5 min walk from vondelpark. It is lovely to walk around there, watch people have a bbq or in summer visit one of the many performances in the open-air theater.  Easily access to tram. 10 min on bike to city center. Internet available. Roofterras (yes, I live on the 4th floor), with sun from 7am until 1600pm You have the apartment for yourself. One bedroom with double bed. Living room with big dinner-table. I just redecorated my bathroom. Toilet is separated. Van Gogh museum, Albert Cuypmarket and other big sightseeing attractions/museums are really close to my place. Leidseplein also, great for nightlive and clubbing. Also possible to take a bikingboat. Great way to explore the cannels of Amsterdam! My neighbours are really relax. You do not see them that much, but they will help you out if you need them. I will check you in myself and will be at your full disposal during your stay. Should you need advice, help of any kind just feel free to ask me.  If you have any quest","Great light 2 room apartment, walking distance from Vondelpark, Museum square, Van Gogh museum. Easy acces to my great roof terrace with view on the water. Enjoy my cosy place! Easy acces to metro and tram.  Nice apartment 5 min walk from vondelpark. It is lovely to walk around there, watch people have a bbq or in summer visit one of the many performances in the open-air theater.  Easily access to tram. 10 min on bike to city center. Internet available. Roofterras (yes, I live on the 4th floor), with sun from 7am until 1600pm You have the apartment for yourself. One bedroom with double bed. Living room with big dinner-table. I just redecorated my bathroom. Toilet is separated. Van Gogh museum, Albert Cuypmarket and other big sightseeing attractions/museums are really close to my place. Leidseplein also, great for nightlive and clubbing. Also possible to take a bikingboat. Great way to explore the cannels of Amsterdam! My neighbours are really relax. You do not see them that much, but t","Great neighbourhood, close to the park! Save area!","Yes, very easy and close. Tram 2 and 16. Different busses (from airport 197) Metro 51/54","Please respect the neighbors, they will respect you to Do not throw things down from my roof-terrace   For the rest I am very flexible and you can just enjoy! Just treat the place if it was your own, you know how you would like people to treat your home don't you : ) Please smoke on the roofterras"
