"You want to stay in a new apartment (built 6 years ago), clean, spacious, with bathtub and shower in a quiet area and very close to the city centre? Your host Josien speaks English, Spanish, German, French, some Russian; Come and STAY at this place","Welcome to Amsterdam and to my wonderful apartment! :) Enjoy my beautiful apartment, in a quiet neighborhood near the city center and the famous Vondelpark (15 minutes walk or 5 minutes by bicycle). The apartment is 100m2 on the 5th floor (Yes, there are elevators!) and it is recently built (well isolated). When entering the house you will have immediately the bedroom on your left with access to the bathroom with bathtub, toilet, shower and 2 sinks. Towels are provided! The bedroom has a large bed (180x200cm) with two NEW separate mattresses (90x200cm each). As I find it important that my guests feel at home in a clean beautiful place and location; I bought most things new to start with Air B&B such as mattresses, bed linnen, office desk and Smart Television (with many International Channels) with Internet (Wifi) to check your email and keyboard. I have travelled a lot internationally and speak 8 languages (Dutch, English, Spanish, German, French, Bahasa Indonesian, and some Portugese ","You want to stay in a new apartment (built 6 years ago), clean, spacious, with bathtub and shower in a quiet area and very close to the city centre? Your host Josien speaks English, Spanish, German, French, some Russian; Come and STAY at this place Welcome to Amsterdam and to my wonderful apartment! :) Enjoy my beautiful apartment, in a quiet neighborhood near the city center and the famous Vondelpark (15 minutes walk or 5 minutes by bicycle). The apartment is 100m2 on the 5th floor (Yes, there are elevators!) and it is recently built (well isolated). When entering the house you will have immediately the bedroom on your left with access to the bathroom with bathtub, toilet, shower and 2 sinks. Towels are provided! The bedroom has a large bed (180x200cm) with two NEW separate mattresses (90x200cm each). As I find it important that my guests feel at home in a clean beautiful place and location; I bought most things new to start with Air B&B such as mattresses, bed linnen, office desk and",,,No smoking in the apartment
