"Great spacious and light apartment in the lively ""De Pijp"" neighbourhood. It is only a 10 minutes walk to the museum district (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh), so the perfect starting point of your Amsterdam trip. The apartment offers everything you need.","The Space: The living room is spacious; there is a dining table as well as a very comfortable sofa (with ""chaise longue"") and a TV corner. There is Wifi, and you can also use the (wireless) Sonos music system.  The kitchen contains everything you need; dish washer, gas stove, oven, toaster, and a high end (Jura) coffee machine.  The bedroom side is at the back of the building so amazingly quiet and it has a balcony to chill out. In addition to the bedroom there is a second extra room (which I normally use to work) you could use to put your suitcases and of course you may use the desk should you need one. There is also an ironing board here. The bathroom has a combined bath and shower. A hair dryer is available. This is also where the washing machine / dryer is.","Great spacious and light apartment in the lively ""De Pijp"" neighbourhood. It is only a 10 minutes walk to the museum district (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh), so the perfect starting point of your Amsterdam trip. The apartment offers everything you need. The Space: The living room is spacious; there is a dining table as well as a very comfortable sofa (with ""chaise longue"") and a TV corner. There is Wifi, and you can also use the (wireless) Sonos music system.  The kitchen contains everything you need; dish washer, gas stove, oven, toaster, and a high end (Jura) coffee machine.  The bedroom side is at the back of the building so amazingly quiet and it has a balcony to chill out. In addition to the bedroom there is a second extra room (which I normally use to work) you could use to put your suitcases and of course you may use the desk should you need one. There is also an ironing board here. The bathroom has a combined bath and shower. A hair dryer is available. This is also where the washing m","The Neighborhood: The De Pijp neighborhood is one of the most popular districts of Amsterdam with lots of shops and many restaurants and bars. It is perfectly situated directly south of the city centre and close to all popular museums. The Sarphatipark, not so crowded as the better known Vondelpark, is also very close. I like the area particularly because of the dynamic vibe. It is an urban area with facilities that you would expect, but at the same time De Pijp also consists of quiet rather residential streets with a great mix of young families, students and people with all kinds of nationalities and backgrounds.","Public transport: Although a lot of places where you will want to go in Amsterdam are easily within walking distance, public transport is all around. The train station South / World Trade Centre is very close (which train station in turn is a 5 minutes train ride from Schiphol Airport). There are also several trams accessible within minutes walking that will take you through the city centre (tram 3, 5, 12, 16 and 24).",No smoking please. You can do so on the balcony.
