"This full of light apartment is in the best area from Amsterdam, just easy  to walk to the main museums - Stedelijk Museum, van Gogh Museum and Rijksmuseum and just 100 meter from Leidsesquare.","This full of light apartment is in the heart of the city. Our apartment is on the first floor. It is just renovated with a new kitchen, bathroom and toilet. It has really nice old Amsterdam style ceilings. A modern spacious living room, 1 bedroom with a double bed and cupboards, fresh bathroom with bathtub and a seperate new full kitchen. Total of 90 m2. There is a very good wifi connection.  In only 5 minutes walking you will be at the Concertgebouw, van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Leidsesquare, P.C. Hooftstraat, Museum square and Vondelpark.","This full of light apartment is in the best area from Amsterdam, just easy  to walk to the main museums - Stedelijk Museum, van Gogh Museum and Rijksmuseum and just 100 meter from Leidsesquare. This full of light apartment is in the heart of the city. Our apartment is on the first floor. It is just renovated with a new kitchen, bathroom and toilet. It has really nice old Amsterdam style ceilings. A modern spacious living room, 1 bedroom with a double bed and cupboards, fresh bathroom with bathtub and a seperate new full kitchen. Total of 90 m2. There is a very good wifi connection.  In only 5 minutes walking you will be at the Concertgebouw, van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Leidsesquare, P.C. Hooftstraat, Museum square and Vondelpark. Should it be necessary , you can always call me for tips or other questions. I love to help you in this nice city. This full of light apartment is in the heart of the city. Close to the Leidseplein and the Vondelpark. The Leidseplein is onl","This full of light apartment is in the heart of the city. Close to the Leidseplein and the Vondelpark. The Leidseplein is only 200 meters away and the Vondelpark is a 50 meters walk. Our location combines the peace and quiet of a lustrous park and the liveliness of the city.  In only 5 minutes walking you will be at the Concertgebouw, van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Leidsesquare, P.C. Hooftstraat and Museum square.  Walk to the canals in a couple of minutes, take a boot-tour around the corner. Also the famous Albert Cyup Market is a 15 minute walk.  You'll find plenty places for children to play in the neighbourhood. Nice restaurants:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb)","• Access to and from Schiphol in 20 minutes by train or taxi  • Amsterdam Central Train Station is 15 minutes by tram or 30 minutes by feet • Public transport is really good, from the nearby Leidseplein you can connect to all trams that take you into different directions from the city.","After 10pm no loud (website hidden) smoking inside, you can smoke outside . No pads."
