,"I'd like to welcome you to my wonderful top floor appartment in the upcoming neighborhood Old-West, just a few blocks from the beautiful Vondelpark. The 60 m2 apartment is on the fourth floor. It has a spacious living room with lots of daylight. A third person could sleep on the couch, which is actually quite comfortable. The bathroom has a rainshower and a nice bath for relaxing. The cozy bedroom has a double bed, and a small roof terrace of 10 m2. Small with respect to the roof terrace on the fifth floor. This roof terrace has sun from sunrise to sunset, is about 25 m2, where you can have a barbeque, and lounge on the big benches I made, while you can enjoy some good sounds from the outside soundsystem. In the middle of it is a small top room for doing laundry and an extra fridge. Furthermore you can make use of other standard facilities, like Wi-Fi, cable TV, a well supplied kitchen with dishwasher, and a washing machine. Of course you don't go to Amsterdam for just staying in my ho","I'd like to welcome you to my wonderful top floor appartment in the upcoming neighborhood Old-West, just a few blocks from the beautiful Vondelpark. The 60 m2 apartment is on the fourth floor. It has a spacious living room with lots of daylight. A third person could sleep on the couch, which is actually quite comfortable. The bathroom has a rainshower and a nice bath for relaxing. The cozy bedroom has a double bed, and a small roof terrace of 10 m2. Small with respect to the roof terrace on the fifth floor. This roof terrace has sun from sunrise to sunset, is about 25 m2, where you can have a barbeque, and lounge on the big benches I made, while you can enjoy some good sounds from the outside soundsystem. In the middle of it is a small top room for doing laundry and an extra fridge. Furthermore you can make use of other standard facilities, like Wi-Fi, cable TV, a well supplied kitchen with dishwasher, and a washing machine. Of course you don't go to Amsterdam for just staying in my ho",,,"Always properly lock doors and windows and turn off the lights when leaving the house. The door to the apartment, and in the bedroom and the roof terrace door upstairs must also be locked. Don't forget to turn of outside music switch when leaving roof terrace. Leave the house as you first saw it. Think twice when drinking red wine on the white couch. Don't forget the presence of my neighbors. This means no loud music and parties, and definitely not during the late hours. Smoking outside. There's an ashtray on the roof terrace. Enjoy your stay!"
