"This 90m2 renovated traditional penthouse with huge bed (180 x 220) and roof terrace (south!) is situated next to the Museumsquare (Rijksmuseum and van Gogh Museum) and 50m from the Heineken Brewery. (EDIT: the wall between living and bedroom as been removed to make a loft space, pictures will follow soon)","The Penthouse is situated at the 4th floor (962 sq ft) of an old pastry baking school. Seven years ago the whole apartment was renovated with many wooden elements and an old stone chimney in the kitchen. The kitchen and a huge living room are next to the 12m2 roof terrace which gives a lot of light. (EDIT: the wall between living and bedroom as been removed to make a loft space, pictures will follow soon)","This 90m2 renovated traditional penthouse with huge bed (180 x 220) and roof terrace (south!) is situated next to the Museumsquare (Rijksmuseum and van Gogh Museum) and 50m from the Heineken Brewery. (EDIT: the wall between living and bedroom as been removed to make a loft space, pictures will follow soon) The Penthouse is situated at the 4th floor (962 sq ft) of an old pastry baking school. Seven years ago the whole apartment was renovated with many wooden elements and an old stone chimney in the kitchen. The kitchen and a huge living room are next to the 12m2 roof terrace which gives a lot of light. (EDIT: the wall between living and bedroom as been removed to make a loft space, pictures will follow soon) While the house has no elevator you should be able to walk up 4 stairs. At arrival, when I am in the house, I like to offer you a coffee, show you around in the apartment and (if you like) tell you about the neighborhood and nice places to visit. I can imagine that you like to keep ","Just around the corner there are lost of small restaurants (3 really good italian places!) and pubs with special beers (more then 100!) and wines. The 'Pijp' is a very save neighbourhood (also at night) where many students used to live. Now these students have jobs, live together (and sometimes have kids) :) which makes the neighborhood young and lively with a mixture of small trendy shops, older shops and a  traditional big street market. Only 2 minutes walking from the Museum square art-district with Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum and Concert building.","From the Airport you can take the train to the Central Station. When coming from the Central Station its 5 stops with the Tram number 16 or 24. Then a 50 meter walk to the house. In front of the house there are parking places and at 100 meter there is a car-park. Like everywhere in Amsterdam, parking is expensive! (€5,-/ hour).",Please respect my house the way you would me like to respect yours. Read my books and use the sound installation. Cook as much and as nice as you like and imagine how nice it is to live in Amsterdam :) Please respect my house the way you would me like to respect yours. Read my books and use the sound installation. Cook as much and as nice as you like and imagine how nice it is to live in Amsterdam :) - Be silent between 10 pm and 8 am - No partying in the Studio/Apartment - Close windows if you are making music. - Close windows if you are talking after 10 pm. - Never pound the door or ring all doorbells - Don’t use drugs in the house - No smoking in the studio’s - If you like to smoke don’t stand at the front door but go to the café next door otherwise the smell and the sound of talking hinders the people in the house
