"This apartment is only four years ago completely renovated! The location itself is worth the stay: a stone's throw from the Vondelpark, the most famous park of Amsterdam, and the Leidsesquare!","In a cozy street, next to the lovely Vondelpark, you find my atmospheric and spacious 2-room apartment. This unique apartment of 55m2 is situated on the first floor of a characteristic house. The house is build around 1900. The apartment is completely renewed three years ago! The apartment is has the following facilities:  * Modern kitchen with large stove and Quooker  * Dishwasher  * Coffee and tea  * Fridge with seperate large freezer  * Washing machine  * Dry cleaner * 2-persons Kingsize quality bed  * Spacious Shower  * Free towels  * Free Shampoo & shower gel  * TV and DVD player  * Free WIFI","This apartment is only four years ago completely renovated! The location itself is worth the stay: a stone's throw from the Vondelpark, the most famous park of Amsterdam, and the Leidsesquare! In a cozy street, next to the lovely Vondelpark, you find my atmospheric and spacious 2-room apartment. This unique apartment of 55m2 is situated on the first floor of a characteristic house. The house is build around 1900. The apartment is completely renewed three years ago! The apartment is has the following facilities:  * Modern kitchen with large stove and Quooker  * Dishwasher  * Coffee and tea  * Fridge with seperate large freezer  * Washing machine  * Dry cleaner * 2-persons Kingsize quality bed  * Spacious Shower  * Free towels  * Free Shampoo & shower gel  * TV and DVD player  * Free WIFI The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, very close to the canal zone. Its not too touristy and very much like ""local Amsterdam"". At night it is very quiet! Close to the apartment you will find:","The apartment is located in a nice neighborhood, very close to the canal zone. Its not too touristy and very much like ""local Amsterdam"". At night it is very quiet! Close to the apartment you will find: - 2 minutes from a variety of shops  - 2 minutes from (breakfast) pubs (smoking and non-smoking)  - 2 minutes from a laundromat  - 2 minutes from (lunch) cafe's and bars  - 5 minutes from a lot of restaurants (Italian, Indian, Greek, African, Indonesian, Thai)  - 10 minutes from the city center by tram  - 10 minutes from Leidseplein  - 20 minutes from Central Station  - 20 minutes from Schiphol Airport",The following attractions are in the neighbourhood:   - 5 minutes walk from the amazing Vondelpark  - 5 minutes by tram from world known Van Gogh Museum  - 5 minutes by tram from the world known Rijksmuseum  - 10 minutes by bus from gorgeous Amsterdam Forest  - 10 minutes by tram from the Diamand Museum  - 10 minutes by tram from age old House of Bols  - 15 minutes by tram from the exciting Heineken Experience  - 15 minutes by tram from romantic Canal Cruises  - 15 minutes by tram and walking from the amazing Anne Frank House  - 15 minutes by tram from the cozy Jordan Area,Enjoy the city of Amsterdam!  Handle the house and the stuff in it with respect  All the Facilities in the house may be used.
