"Our two floor, historic apartment is comfortable, stylish and fully equipped. You're in the centre of Amsterdam, near the Vondelpark and Amsterdam's beautiful canals. Public transport is in front of the appartment.","In the centre of Amsterdam you will find my luxury apartment. There are many things to do in Amsterdam off course, so you can also use my bike :) (2 bikes available, additional costs). It's by far the easiest way to move in the city. Also the subway is a 1 minute walk, which also works great to travel the city. Close by are many restaurants, Care (theater), many good bars, and the Utrechtsestraat (known for little shops and restaurants).  Also the dam, red light district, and the nightlife areas are all walking distance. Well, actually most things are because my apartment lies in the city centre :):) My place is ideal to relax and enjoy the city with most stuff closeby. Also I have a 40 inch flatscreen with cable in the living room if you want to catch a movie or something and free wifi is available as well. If you have any other questions, please contact me :) Regards, Menno","Our two floor, historic apartment is comfortable, stylish and fully equipped. You're in the centre of Amsterdam, near the Vondelpark and Amsterdam's beautiful canals. Public transport is in front of the appartment. In the centre of Amsterdam you will find my luxury apartment. There are many things to do in Amsterdam off course, so you can also use my bike :) (2 bikes available, additional costs). It's by far the easiest way to move in the city. Also the subway is a 1 minute walk, which also works great to travel the city. Close by are many restaurants, Care (theater), many good bars, and the Utrechtsestraat (known for little shops and restaurants).  Also the dam, red light district, and the nightlife areas are all walking distance. Well, actually most things are because my apartment lies in the city centre :):) My place is ideal to relax and enjoy the city with most stuff closeby. Also I have a 40 inch flatscreen with cable in the living room if you want to catch a movie or something a",,,"Please respect the neighbor's. Amsterdam buildings are sensitive for noise. At time of departure: Make sure the apartment is tidy, the dishes are done, the garbage is bagged and the oven, hob and fridge/freezer are clean. In case of lost keys or damage or defects, you must immediately inform the host. Failure to do so will incur additional fees."
