"This comfartable appartment is situated in the recreational area ""Tuinen van West"" and on the crosspoint of Amsterdam-Zandvoort and Alkmaar-Aalsmeer. It has a bedroom with adjacent Bathroom with big Bath and powerfull shower. The living room has a fireplace, a kitchen and garden doors.  Families are welcome! Parking is free! Bikes are free! Since the B&B is under construction, everything will be fully furnushed and have new beds! I have three appartments so check when this is booked, just ask.","The appartment is modern, with a wink at the traditional dutch farmhouse. It is situated in the recreational area ""Tuinen van West"" (Gardens of the West). Here you can play tennis, visit local shops, farms and catering. Amsterdam is best visited by bike and on the free bikes the centre isn't far. Also Zandvoort (at the beach) is reachable within an hours cycling. Ofcourse you can also bike to the trainstation (3 km) and take the train.Ook Zandvoort aan zee ligt op een klein uur fietsen. From the farmhouse open water that is swimable is easy to reach. The appartment has a terras and a big garden so barbecue or making a fire is possible. Relaxing in an easy chair or hammock is also possible. In the summermonths I blow up the inflatable pool so you can cool down and chill on an airbed. Supermarkets, a postoffice etc. are reachable within 5 and ten minutes by bike. At your arrival you will find a fridge full with breakfaststuff, after that you can shop and cook yourself in the appartment. ","This comfartable appartment is situated in the recreational area ""Tuinen van West"" and on the crosspoint of Amsterdam-Zandvoort and Alkmaar-Aalsmeer. It has a bedroom with adjacent Bathroom with big Bath and powerfull shower. The living room has a fireplace, a kitchen and garden doors.  Families are welcome! Parking is free! Bikes are free! Since the B&B is under construction, everything will be fully furnushed and have new beds! I have three appartments so check when this is booked, just ask. The appartment is modern, with a wink at the traditional dutch farmhouse. It is situated in the recreational area ""Tuinen van West"" (Gardens of the West). Here you can play tennis, visit local shops, farms and catering. Amsterdam is best visited by bike and on the free bikes the centre isn't far. Also Zandvoort (at the beach) is reachable within an hours cycling. Ofcourse you can also bike to the trainstation (3 km) and take the train.Ook Zandvoort aan zee ligt op een klein uur fietsen. From the ","The farmhouse is located in a green area of Amsterdam. On the west and east side there are small fields with my goats and sheep. North is the Haarlemmerweg, the exit road to Amsterdam, Haarlem, Alkmaar and The Hague. The nature reserve ""De Bretten"" is also to the north. To the south is the sports park where you can play tennis and there are annual rugby matches held at a global level. De Farmhouse is located in  ""Tuinen van West"" nature and recreation area. This area is located in a regional greenstructure and is therefore particularly animal and plant species rich. In the Tuinen van West there are various restaurants and accesable fruit and vegetable growers as well as an organic supermarket. The recreation area is connected with various surrounding nature and recreational areas such as Spaarnwoude and Het Amstelland. From here you can cycle out of the city into the green. If you want more Nature then a trip to the North Holland dune area is recommended or to the Oostvaardersplassen. ","Parking on site is free of course, also outside parking is free. You pay 5 euros per hour in the city center! Taking a (Uber) taxi is often very profitable. At 800 meters from the farmhouse there is a bus stop for busses 21 and 62. These often run to Sloterdijk or Centraal station. There is also a night bus. At a 5-minute bike ride you can take tram 13 into the city center. But, do as the Dutch and by bike! This is the fastest means of transport and will take you anywhere. Most city dwellers do not own a car because that is more of a burden than a lust. Zwanenburg station is 3 kilometers away, from there the train goes to Haarlem and Zandvoort (15 kilometers). This is by far the fastest way to get to Haarlem or Zandvoort. for further away locations, the farmhouse is ideally located near roads.","- Unless the whole farmhouse is rented to a group, quietness is recquierd after 22.00 hours. Since smaller children are also welcome we expect our guests to accept and respect their wake-sleeprithm. Smoking or any other type of open fire is not allowed inside the house, the terras is the best place for that. The appartment is accessable from the backdoor or gardendoors. The rest of the house is not accessable for guests since we live there. We are openminded and loving people with respect of other peoples views and background. We therefore do not tolerate any type of behaviour that makes us or our guests feel uncomfortable. We have the right to terminate the stay without delay or explanation. We welcome everyone!"
