Very central location Close to all major attractions Short tram ride Central Station Next to Vondel park Well equiped kitchen Awesome roofterrace Cozy Apartment,"My place is a cozy 45m2 appartment with an amazing 120m2 roof terrace in one of the friendliest neighbourhoods in Amsterdam. It's situated next to the vondelpark and in walkingdistance of the city center. If you are here with good weather, you can hang your hammock and have a barbecue on our top attraction of the appartment: the roof terrace.  Within minutes you can choose from a list of nice bars and restaurants. By bike you can reach all major Amsterdam attractions within 5-10 minutes. Walking takes you about 20 minutes.  The appartment is easily reachable by public transport. You can catch a tram from Central Station and it stops in front of my door.  The appartment is located at the 4th floor and has no elevator. Parking is a problem, as it is in the whole of Amsterdam. It's not as expensive as in the city center but it still costs you 24 euro's/day. In contrary to the city center, here you will find a place to park your car. But it's better to leave your car at home and come by tr","My place is a cozy 45m2 appartment with an amazing 120m2 roof terrace in one of the friendliest neighbourhoods in Amsterdam. It's situated next to the vondelpark and in walkingdistance of the city center. If you are here with good weather, you can hang your hammock and have a barbecue on our top attraction of the appartment: the roof terrace.  Within minutes you can choose from a list of nice bars and restaurants. By bike you can reach all major Amsterdam attractions within 5-10 minutes. Walking takes you about 20 minutes.  The appartment is easily reachable by public transport. You can catch a tram from Central Station and it stops in front of my door.  The appartment is located at the 4th floor and has no elevator. Parking is a problem, as it is in the whole of Amsterdam. It's not as expensive as in the city center but it still costs you 24 euro's/day. In contrary to the city center, here you will find a place to park your car. But it's better to leave your car at home and come by tr","Currently Amsterdams most popular neighborhood. Beautiful architecture, bars and restaurants everywhere. You'll get a good look at local Amsterdam living. Still not too touristy, but a nice busy vibrant city feeling. De Hallen are next to our house, the museum square is a 15min walk/5 min bike ride, the canals/Jordaan is about 7 minutes by tram or 15 min walking.",Trams 7 and 17 stop in front of my door. They can take you to all places of interest in Amsterdam. From the airport you can be in my apartment within 25 minutes.,We live here with very friendly and relaxed neighbours. Off course it's still expected that you treat this appartment as if it was your own. Don't be too noisy after 23.00 during weekdays and don't break down my house :).
