"Modern boutique apartment (155m2), beautiful decorated, with amazing rooftop terrace (75m2).  Prime location in prestigious area 'old South', very close to Vondelpark, museums, shops and restaurants. Trams&Buses within 1 minute. Bikes&boat optional.","We have a private entrance that leads to the second floor hallway, toilet, light L-shaped living room (65m2) with (French) balconies at the front and rear and an open kitchen with all modern facilities. Upstairs are three (spacious) bedrooms, two with a double bed ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) cm) and one with amazing bunk beds, a separate dressing room, the second separate toilet and a bathroom with shower and separate design bath. An extra folding bed with slatted frame and very comfortable mattress can placed in one of the rooms upon request.  Another stairway leads to the rooftop terrace (75m2) including a roof house, which also can be used as an extra bedroom upon request.  The rooftop is fully furnished with lounge sofa, cushions, bean bags, hammock, fireplace and BBQ. Part of roof is decorated as a garden of herbs and fruit plants.","Modern boutique apartment (155m2), beautiful decorated, with amazing rooftop terrace (75m2).  Prime location in prestigious area 'old South', very close to Vondelpark, museums, shops and restaurants. Trams&Buses within 1 minute. Bikes&boat optional. We have a private entrance that leads to the second floor hallway, toilet, light L-shaped living room (65m2) with (French) balconies at the front and rear and an open kitchen with all modern facilities. Upstairs are three (spacious) bedrooms, two with a double bed ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) cm) and one with amazing bunk beds, a separate dressing room, the second separate toilet and a bathroom with shower and separate design bath. An extra folding bed with slatted frame and very comfortable mattress can placed in one of the rooms upon request.  Another stairway leads to the rooftop terrace (75m2) including a roof house, which also can be used as an extra bedroom upon request.  The rooftop is fully furnished with lounge sofa, cushions,"," Our neighbourhood - ‘Oud Zuid’.  It’ a prestigious residential area in the Amsterdam’s Old South neighbourhood.  We are steps away from the Vondelpark (the city’s largest and most popular park, with cafés, ponds and English gardens).  Within walking distance of the Museumsquare (Van Gogh, Stedelijk Museum and RijksMuseum). Near fashionable streets like PC Hoofdstraat, Beethovenstraat and Cornelis Schuytstraat and more charming shops plus daily all groceries just around the corner. There is also plenty nice cafes and very good restaurants nearby (around 150 restaurants and take-a-ways within a 1/2 mile radius).  Other attractions like Concert Hall, Anne Frank House, Rembrandt House, Heineken Brewery, Squares (Dam, Leidse, Rembrandt) and Canals are within 2.5 miles.","Transport Several Buses within 1 minute walk. Amsterdam Airport Express bus (197) goes directly to the Schiphol Airport in 25 minutes. Tram 2 & 16 within 1 minute walk. They take you to city center and central station. Bus 15 takes you in 6 minutes to Train station Zuid, connecting to al major cities & airport. There is a taxi stand just around the corner (1 minute walk). ","We care about our neighbors.The apartment is in a residential area and not suitable for party people and/or stag parties. Therefore this apartment can host maximum 4 male guests or a total of 6 adults! Please do note that we will ask full names, addresses, passport numbers, gender and birth days of all members of your party after booking. At check-in host will guide you through apartment. No smoking  No visitors  No pets No noise from 22:00 till 9:00 hrs. Infants under 2 are free. We do expect you leave the apartment in a clean state at check out At check-out host  will meet you for a smooth transfer Early check in or late check out can be requested, subject to availability, for an additional fee and can be confirmed only 48 hours before arrival we do not accept any liability for lost or damaged belongings or personal injuries experienced by our guest while staying in our apartment Thanks you and have fun"
