"Comfortable and cosy 2 room apartment with a big sunny garden. The apartment has a spacious living room, bedroom and kitchen and is conveniently located in the trendy ""Pijp"" area with excellent public transport options to all of the city highlights.","Apartment: Comfortable and cosy 2 room apartment (70m2) with a big sunny garden. The apartment has a spacious living room, bedroom and kitchen.  All the rooms are connected to a spacious entrance hall. The bathroom is small but practical with a toilet and rainshower. The bedroom has a large 180x210 bed and the living room has a comfortable sofa and dining table. The apartment has free WiFi. The kitchen is well equipped with a big fridge, dishwasher, oven, microwave and washing machine. You can also make use of a nespresso machine.  The apartment is very clean and perfect for a lovely stay in Amsterdam or for a business trip.  I provide: - Bed linen  - Towels  - All necessary kitchen equipment  - Coffee machine including some coffee for your stay  - Basic foods: olive oil, vinegar, salt and pepper, dried herbs, sugar, tea  - Dishwasher  - Oven - Microwave - Washing Machine - WiFi - Cable TV & Netflix","Comfortable and cosy 2 room apartment with a big sunny garden. The apartment has a spacious living room, bedroom and kitchen and is conveniently located in the trendy ""Pijp"" area with excellent public transport options to all of the city highlights. Apartment: Comfortable and cosy 2 room apartment (70m2) with a big sunny garden. The apartment has a spacious living room, bedroom and kitchen.  All the rooms are connected to a spacious entrance hall. The bathroom is small but practical with a toilet and rainshower. The bedroom has a large 180x210 bed and the living room has a comfortable sofa and dining table. The apartment has free WiFi. The kitchen is well equipped with a big fridge, dishwasher, oven, microwave and washing machine. You can also make use of a nespresso machine.  The apartment is very clean and perfect for a lovely stay in Amsterdam or for a business trip.  I provide: - Bed linen  - Towels  - All necessary kitchen equipment  - Coffee machine including some coffee for your","Location: The apartment is located in ""de Pijp""/""Rivierenbuurt"". Close to a shopping street, Rijnstraat, were you have supermarkets, drugstores, ATM's, cafes, take away food and lovely lunchrooms. It is situated between RAI (5min) train station and Amstel train station (5min). The city center is near and easy to reach by public transport, tram 4 (10min). As well as the museum district, tram 12 leaves around to corner and goes there directly (10min).  ""De Pijp"" is walking distance were you have a market (Albert Cuyp market), lots of bars and restaurants.  It is close to the lovely Beatrix Park and Luther King park and to a swimming pool were you can swim outside in the summer called Mirandabad.","Transportation: If you come from the airport Schiphol you can take the train to RAI station. It is easy to reach and goes multiple times every hour. From Schiphol it takes 10 minutes to RAI station were you take tram 4 direction Central Station and get of at the stop Victory plein (10 minutes).  If you arrive at Central station you can also take tram 4 but in the direction of Station RAI and get of at the stop Victory plein (20 minutes).  You can easily take buses and trams and buy your tickets inside. A train ticket you need to buy at the station before you take it.  The apartment is located near the high way A4 and A2 and you can park the car in front of the house. However you pay 3,50 EUR every our so it is better to come by public transport. It is cheaper to park your car outside the city and then take public transport back to the apartment.",Please take care of the house and all the things in it. Clean up after yourself and please do not smoke inside. Keep the loud music to a minimum and bear in mind the neighbors.
