"On the top floor of our typical Amsterdam house we offer a spacious and comfortable room with a double bed. We live only minutes away on foot from Museum Quarter, Vondelpark, Leidseplein the city centre,  and 10 minutes by tram to Central Station.","On the top floor of our typical Amsterdam house we offer a spacious and comfortable room with a double bed. We live only minutes away on foot from Museum Quarter, Vondelpark, Leidseplein and the city centre. The room has a private bathroom and toilet. In the room you can make your own coffee or tea. You will have direct access to the sunny roof garden with splendid view of the city. We are Ange en Carel. We live on the two floors directly below the room we let. The floor you are on used to be our children's, who have now gone to study outside Amsterdam. Our house is in a small building block in a quiet residential quarter that is only a few streets big. In the enclosed gardens there are trees with blackbirds and chickadees. We still often amaze ourselves at the peace and quiet of our house, while at the same time being so centrally located. In our neighbourhood you'll find lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. It is a perfect base from which to explore the city and its surroundings. Pu","On the top floor of our typical Amsterdam house we offer a spacious and comfortable room with a double bed. We live only minutes away on foot from Museum Quarter, Vondelpark, Leidseplein and the city centre. The room has a private bathroom and toilet. In the room you can make your own coffee or tea. You will have direct access to the sunny roof garden with splendid view of the city. We are Ange en Carel. We live on the two floors directly below the room we let. The floor you are on used to be our children's, who have now gone to study outside Amsterdam. Our house is in a small building block in a quiet residential quarter that is only a few streets big. In the enclosed gardens there are trees with blackbirds and chickadees. We still often amaze ourselves at the peace and quiet of our house, while at the same time being so centrally located. In our neighbourhood you'll find lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. It is a perfect base from which to explore the city and its surroundings. Pu","Our house is in a small building block in a quiet residential quarter that is only a few streets big. In the enclosed gardens there are trees with blackbirds and chickadees. We still often amaze ourselves at the peace and quiet of our house, while at the same time being so centrally located.In our neighbourhood you'll find lots of shops, cafés and restaurants. It is a perfect base from which to explore the city and its surroundings.",Public transport into and out of the city are very close by. ,No smoking allowed in the house
