"Very quiet, light and spacious design apartment in the center. Westerpark and Jordaan are just 500 meter away and public transport takes you everywhere in the city. If you stay in: 100's of books and magazines about art and design for you to enjoy.","BRAND NEW APARTMENT in a creative, young neighborhood within 500 meter from the center/Jordaan. Supermarkets, restaurants, public transport and a lovely park are all around the corner. Central station, the museum district, shopping areas and Amsterdam's bustling nightlife are all easy accessible by foot, bike or public transport. This brand new apartment, 65 m2 in total, is located on the 3rd and 4th floor. Hundreds of fashion, design & photography books and magazines available to read. Very bright and sunny living room with a large lounge sofa which can also be used as a second bed (110x200cm). You can use the fully equiped kitchen and enjoy your dinner on the flowery balcony (please only smoke outside!). One floor up you'll find a spacious and typical Amsterdam bed room with wooden beams, comfortable double bed and enough space to store your luggage and clothes. It's just a 2 minute walk to the park 'Westerpark'. This big green area with a theater, a cinema, an exhibition space and a","Very quiet, light and spacious design apartment in the center. Westerpark and Jordaan are just 500 meter away and public transport takes you everywhere in the city. If you stay in: 100's of books and magazines about art and design for you to enjoy. BRAND NEW APARTMENT in a creative, young neighborhood within 500 meter from the center/Jordaan. Supermarkets, restaurants, public transport and a lovely park are all around the corner. Central station, the museum district, shopping areas and Amsterdam's bustling nightlife are all easy accessible by foot, bike or public transport. This brand new apartment, 65 m2 in total, is located on the 3rd and 4th floor. Hundreds of fashion, design & photography books and magazines available to read. Very bright and sunny living room with a large lounge sofa which can also be used as a second bed (110x200cm). You can use the fully equiped kitchen and enjoy your dinner on the flowery balcony (please only smoke outside!). One floor up you'll find a spacious",,,"- If your check in date is today, tomorrow or the day after please check availability before completing the booking via a direct message. - The apartment is not suitable for children (0-10 year) or pets. - There's a double bed and a single bed, so if you book the apartment for 4 persons, one of you will sleep on an aerobed, which will be provided by me. - The marble kitchen and wooden floor can only be cleaned with water or green soap, no chemicals please. - Please don't invite other people over. - Smoking is not allowed in the apartment, only on the balcony. - Please respect the neighbors and don't make too much sound after 10PM. - Please water the plants if you book for longer than a week."
