,"This is a comfortable, charming and quiet apartment 70 m2 fully equipped with internet, cable television, washing machine and dryer and just about everything you'll need for a longer stay. Tastefully decorated in the vibrant Pijp area, where you can indulge in the restaurants and cafes till late after a visit to the famous Albert Cuypmarket. 10 minutes from downtown and 5 from the Amsterdam highway and the metro. In front, a garden full sun, behind a large garden with a nice sitting area. The bedrooms are not huge but both can have a double bed or possibly a bunk. One bathroom and a toilet. The entire house has just been painted and the bathroom and toilet are provided with new furniture and toilet. A rent a bike sits close to house. For the car there is plenty of space in the street but that's paid parking. Music connection for smartphone or MP3 player in kitchen and living room. All in all a comfortable option for a affordable stay in  fantastic Amsterdam!","This is a comfortable, charming and quiet apartment 70 m2 fully equipped with internet, cable television, washing machine and dryer and just about everything you'll need for a longer stay. Tastefully decorated in the vibrant Pijp area, where you can indulge in the restaurants and cafes till late after a visit to the famous Albert Cuypmarket. 10 minutes from downtown and 5 from the Amsterdam highway and the metro. In front, a garden full sun, behind a large garden with a nice sitting area. The bedrooms are not huge but both can have a double bed or possibly a bunk. One bathroom and a toilet. The entire house has just been painted and the bathroom and toilet are provided with new furniture and toilet. A rent a bike sits close to house. For the car there is plenty of space in the street but that's paid parking. Music connection for smartphone or MP3 player in kitchen and living room. All in all a comfortable option for a affordable stay in  fantastic Amsterdam!",twee top restaurants direct om de hoek!,,"Dit is een rustige woning voor zowel de huurders als voor de buren. Veel objecten in de woning zijn uniek en / of zelf gemaakt en daarom van waarde, een respectvolle behandeling hiervan wordt op prijs gesteld."
