"Beautiful and colourful artist's home in a quiet environment in Amsterdam South.  The apartment oozes creativity. This home has a *no shoes inside* policy, to keep the Feng Shui of this house pure. The canal in front of the house is a joy to watch. ","Before you read any further, please note that:  * During the weekends it is a 2 night minimum stay.  * During the holidays it's a 3 night minimum stay. * 2 matrasses are inflatables, this apartment is better for 4 then for 6 people.  * I only rent the apartment to people with a COMPLETE Airbnb profile, including profile picture and description of who you are. As off september 2013, my  2 bedroom canalview apartment will be available for travellers when I am travelling myself (or working on a project in my studio :) Expect a home, fully decorated with mosaics, it's a typical artist's den with a touch of Zen. I have 2 bedrooms, one master bedroom with a double bed (160 x 210 cm), a childrens bedroom with 2 beds (90 x 200 cm). Kitchen with balcony, bathroom and livingroom. This rental is perfect for a couple or a family. All basic amenities are available.  There are 2 inflatable single matrasses , making the accommodation suitable for 6 people if necessary.  Nonetheless, it is best suitab","Beautiful and colourful artist's home in a quiet environment in Amsterdam South.  The apartment oozes creativity. This home has a *no shoes inside* policy, to keep the Feng Shui of this house pure. The canal in front of the house is a joy to watch.  Before you read any further, please note that:  * During the weekends it is a 2 night minimum stay.  * During the holidays it's a 3 night minimum stay. * 2 matrasses are inflatables, this apartment is better for 4 then for 6 people.  * I only rent the apartment to people with a COMPLETE Airbnb profile, including profile picture and description of who you are. As off september 2013, my  2 bedroom canalview apartment will be available for travellers when I am travelling myself (or working on a project in my studio :) Expect a home, fully decorated with mosaics, it's a typical artist's den with a touch of Zen. I have 2 bedrooms, one master bedroom with a double bed (160 x 210 cm), a childrens bedroom with 2 beds (90 x 200 cm). Kitchen with bal","I love about my neighborhood that it's quiet, yet from walking distance from restaurants and that the center is just 10 minutes away. I especially love the view to the canal in front and all the waterbirds and the fact that it's a fairly green area.","Bus and tramstation is a 2 minute walk from the house, there is a number of buses and trams that head into the citycenter or airport.","Please respect the neighbours, no noise after 12.  The airbnb community in Amsterdam is under scrutiny of the City Council. This apartment has a no-shoes-inside practice. As for cooking: you are allowed to use my kitchen, but please don't eat the food that's in the cupboards or use my condiments and oils. It's not included in the price. In my opinion this kinda goes without saying however I noticed that people have helped themselves with the foods present in my kitchen. Please don't, it's rude and there is a supermarket around the corner ;)"
