"The appartment is spacious yet cosy. 2 bedrooms, a nice bathroom and kitchen,separate toilet! Not more than 7 minutes by bike from centre of Amsterdam in the West, You can enjoy the local atmosphere, relax in the Westerpark, Erasmuspark and shop in a wide range of local stores. ","the appartment is light and spacious. It's perfect for 3 guests, but more sleeping places can be created so more people can also have a perfect stay in this appartment. The appartment is childfriendly if you are travelling with children.  It has a cosy atmosphere with a lot of personal touches. The neighbourhood is right outside the busy centre what makes it quiet and very local. the bathroom is spacious and the toilet is seperate from the bathroom.","The appartment is spacious yet cosy. 2 bedrooms, a nice bathroom and kitchen,separate toilet! Not more than 7 minutes by bike from centre of Amsterdam in the West, You can enjoy the local atmosphere, relax in the Westerpark, Erasmuspark and shop in a wide range of local stores.  the appartment is light and spacious. It's perfect for 3 guests, but more sleeping places can be created so more people can also have a perfect stay in this appartment. The appartment is childfriendly if you are travelling with children.  It has a cosy atmosphere with a lot of personal touches. The neighbourhood is right outside the busy centre what makes it quiet and very local. the bathroom is spacious and the toilet is seperate from the bathroom. You can use the whole appartment, which also includes the washingmachine. You can also use the kitchen with all it's utilities. I will meet you when you arrive to give you the keys to the house and give you a tour of the house. I will also try to be in the appartmen","Close to the appartment is a shopping street with a supermarket. A 5 minute walk westward you also have a nice biological supermarket. Behind the appartment is a park, called the Erasmuspark. There are also some turkish supermarkets and bakerys.","The are two trams going trough the street, tram number 12 and 14. There is room in the street to park a bike if you rent one. The bikeride to the centre of Amsterdam is 7 minutes, 10 minutes to Damsquare for example. When you travel by airplane, you can take a train to Sloterdijk station wich is very close to my house. On Sloterdijkstation you can take tram number 12 that will lead you straight to my house.(7 minutes)","No smoking inside the house be quiet after ten if you are smoking outside for the neighbours Please do not use the  musical instrument unless you know how to! Be nice to my cat!!:) Turn of all the lights, the computer, the heater and candles/incense when you leave the house."
