"Beautiful apartment in the peaceful ""Amsterdamse School"" Style neighbourhood. Close to everything Amsterdam has to offer and next to the RAI congress building.","The apartment is situated in the classic Amsterdam-Style housing area, the Rivierenbuurt, 10 minutes walk away from the hippest area of Amsterdam “de Pijp” and the most famous market of Holland, the Albert Cuyp market and 10 minutes on bicycle or public transport from center and Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum. Situated 300 metres to the RAI - exhibition Center with public car parking. In 15 minutes by bicycle direction south, you are at the Amstel river and in the Dutch countryside, with its cows and windmills, and the statue, where Rembrandt used to paint. The apartment is on the second floor with windows all around and has 1 bedroom with double bed 160x200cm  and one  bedroom with a bunk bed with two 90x200cm mattrasses. - Bicycle rent next-door. - Supermarket in front Amenities include: - Linen, towels, duvets - Fully-equipped kitchen incl. oven, dishwasher, coffeemaker, waterboiler.. - Closet space - Free Wireless Fast Internet - Big screen television and DVD This apartment is off","Beautiful apartment in the peaceful ""Amsterdamse School"" Style neighbourhood. Close to everything Amsterdam has to offer and next to the RAI congress building. The apartment is situated in the classic Amsterdam-Style housing area, the Rivierenbuurt, 10 minutes walk away from the hippest area of Amsterdam “de Pijp” and the most famous market of Holland, the Albert Cuyp market and 10 minutes on bicycle or public transport from center and Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum. Situated 300 metres to the RAI - exhibition Center with public car parking. In 15 minutes by bicycle direction south, you are at the Amstel river and in the Dutch countryside, with its cows and windmills, and the statue, where Rembrandt used to paint. The apartment is on the second floor with windows all around and has 1 bedroom with double bed 160x200cm  and one  bedroom with a bunk bed with two 90x200cm mattrasses. - Bicycle rent next-door. - Supermarket in front Amenities include: - Linen, towels, duvets - Fully-equipp","Beautifull and peacefull ""Amsterdamse School"" Style neighbourhood. Close to everything Amsterdam has to offer and next to the RAI congress building.",Tram Nr. 4 Maasstraat to the center just from the corner.,"Welcome. This is a authentic Amsterdam apartment from 1928, please take care of it as if it would be your own. HOUSERULES *  Please take of your shoes *  Smoking not allowed, but you can smoke on the balcony. I hope you enjoy your stay!"
