"Lovely light and bright, fully furnished and well equipped 1st floor apartment in the chic Old South neighbourhood of Amsterdam, close to local shops, public transport and conveniently located for Schiphol airport. Prices vary subject to # of guests. Preferably two individuals (couples, colleagues or friends) or a family. Sorry no unrelated groups / groups of friends due to bad experience with groups of friends in the past.","Beautifully decorated, large (105m2) classic 1920’s style apartment with high ceilings and many original features including wood flooring, corniced ceiling etc.","Lovely light and bright, fully furnished and well equipped 1st floor apartment in the chic Old South neighbourhood of Amsterdam, close to local shops, public transport and conveniently located for Schiphol airport. Prices vary subject to # of guests. Preferably two individuals (couples, colleagues or friends) or a family. Sorry no unrelated groups / groups of friends due to bad experience with groups of friends in the past. Beautifully decorated, large (105m2) classic 1920’s style apartment with high ceilings and many original features including wood flooring, corniced ceiling etc. Dining room with table that comfortably seats 8 people, connected to living room by original glass sliding doors.  Living room in turn connects to the study which can be fully closed off and turned into a 2nd bedroom with double sofa bed if required.   Master bedroom with extremely comfortable Californian King Size bed located at the back of the property. Please note the bed in the master bedroom and the sof","While Old South is a classic residential neighbourhood, local supermarkets (Marqt & Albert Heijn), a green grocer, cobbler, Amsterdam’s famous French bakery (Le Fournil), and a cheese and delicatessen shops (L’Amuse), flower stalls, a Bookshops (Ako) and bike rental can all be found within a few hundred yards of the flat.  The apartment is also located within easy walking distance of the up market shops in the Beethovenstraat and the Vondelpark.  Follow us and find more tips for Amsterdam on (Website hidden by Airbnb)","Tram 24 (2 mins walk) provides access to the centre, Amsterdam Zuid’s train station can be reached with bus 15 (2 mins walk, 5 mins journey) or on foot (10 mins walk). Regular trains from Amsterdam Zuid take you to Schiphol airport in 7 minutes.",I expect guests to treat my home as their home - enjoy the comforts but take care with my belongings and mind the neighbours - as you would do at home :-)
