"Our charming apartment (70m2) with historic details and sunny balcony is located on the first floor in a quiet street in the trendy and desirable 'De Pijp' area. The neighbourhood is known for its abundance of restaurants & bars and the famous Albert Cuyp market is within 5mins walking distance. We have an extra baby room with bed, changing area and all the stuff you need for a baby or toddler (our daughter is 1 year old). Toys and a lot of books. Photo's will follow.","The living area has a comfortable couch, a mantelpiece, a ceiling decorated with ornaments, bookcases around the glass stained doors and a wooden dinner table. There is a television with international channels, stereo with ipod dock and free wifi. The semi-open kitchen is fully equiped with oven, stove, dishwasher, fridge/freezer and a nespresso coffee-machine (also an italian caffetiere for the experts) . There's a large balcony (12m2) where you can enjoy the sun in the summer on the 2 lounge chairs from morning till around 17:00. On the other side of the apartment there is a small balcony which fits 2 chairs where you can drink a glass of wine in the evening sun. The bedroom has a large king size Auping bed (180x200cm) with clean linen and an empty closet for you to use.  The bathroom contains a bath, a separate shower, 2 sinks and a toilet. There are clean towels at your disposal. Seperate baby room with bed and all the amenities you need.","Our charming apartment (70m2) with historic details and sunny balcony is located on the first floor in a quiet street in the trendy and desirable 'De Pijp' area. The neighbourhood is known for its abundance of restaurants & bars and the famous Albert Cuyp market is within 5mins walking distance. We have an extra baby room with bed, changing area and all the stuff you need for a baby or toddler (our daughter is 1 year old). Toys and a lot of books. Photo's will follow. The living area has a comfortable couch, a mantelpiece, a ceiling decorated with ornaments, bookcases around the glass stained doors and a wooden dinner table. There is a television with international channels, stereo with ipod dock and free wifi. The semi-open kitchen is fully equiped with oven, stove, dishwasher, fridge/freezer and a nespresso coffee-machine (also an italian caffetiere for the experts) . There's a large balcony (12m2) where you can enjoy the sun in the summer on the 2 lounge chairs from morning till aro","The apartment is in walking distance to the Albert Cuyp market, a wide variation of retaurants and bars, the Heineken Brewery, Amstel river, several parks and more. Public transportation is around the corner and a quick tram ride or a slightly longer walk will bring you to the museumplein with all the major museums. The best way to explore Amsterdam is of course by bike, and all the major destinations are within easy biking distance. There are a couple of bike-rental shops in the neighbourhood. A small supermarkt is around the corner, a big one (Albert Heijn) is only 5 min on foot. We speak dutch, english and Eva also spanish. We have a map of Amsterdam and a document with information about the area to get you started. ",,Smoking only on the balconies.
