"Living on a housebout is a special feeling. It feels free and relaxing, living on the water. It's a unique spot in one of the most beautiful canals. Very close to cosy cafe's, restaurants, squares and all the Amsterdam hot spots.  Because of the many","Living on a housebout is a special feeling. It feels free and relaxing, living on the water. It's a unique spot in one of the most eautiful canals. Very close to cosy cafe's, restaurants, squares and all the Amsterdam hot spots.  ","Living on a housebout is a special feeling. It feels free and relaxing, living on the water. It's a unique spot in one of the most beautiful canals. Very close to cosy cafe's, restaurants, squares and all the Amsterdam hot spots.  Because of the many Living on a housebout is a special feeling. It feels free and relaxing, living on the water. It's a unique spot in one of the most eautiful canals. Very close to cosy cafe's, restaurants, squares and all the Amsterdam hot spots.  Two bedrooms, both double beds (one big, one small). One bathroom, separate toilet.  Little boat to explore the Amsterdam canals. Two bikes. We will be in touch by phone and email. And we will provide you with a contact in case of questions or emergencies. The Nieuwmarktbuurt is a village in the city. At the Nieuwmarkt you'll find cafes, restaurants and lots of terraces. Every saturday a biological market. The red light district around the corner but far enough not to be disturbed by drunken tourists and noise. It","The Nieuwmarktbuurt is a village in the city. At the Nieuwmarkt you'll find cafes, restaurants and lots of terraces. Every saturday a biological market. The red light district around the corner but far enough not to be disturbed by drunken tourists and noise.","It's only a (at most) 10 minutes walk to the central station, metro and tram system. Next to the station you'll find the ferries to the hip and happening Amsterdam Noord. ","As long as you treat our houseboat like it's your own, we are happy!  You can smoke in the steering cabin, where you can sit inside with an 'outside' feeling."
