,"Spacious comfortable stay 100m2 for maximum 12 guests.  Authentic sailing ship, in rural area of Amsterdam Waterland, Durgerdam, near the center of Amsterdam. Amsterdam Waterland Golf Course 5 km Central Station 7 km. You have access to a spacious and cozy living room with TV / DVD / audio equipment and air conditioning system. Open kitchen with plenty of amenities, including microwave, oven, fridge / freezer, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer. Kitchenware is sufficiently present. Bathroom with shower, separate toilet and three cozy cabins with  comfortable double and single bunk beds, the larger cabins also  have their own air conditioning system. Our rates are without catering and sailing, if you want to receive an offer for catering and / or sailing, let us know. Our ship is easily accessible by bike, public transport and car, parking is free. If you would like to rent bicycles or scooters, we can help you to organize that and have the bicycles/scooters at the ship when you arri","Spacious comfortable stay 100m2 for maximum 12 guests.  Authentic sailing ship, in rural area of Amsterdam Waterland, Durgerdam, near the center of Amsterdam. Amsterdam Waterland Golf Course 5 km Central Station 7 km. You have access to a spacious and cozy living room with TV / DVD / audio equipment and air conditioning system. Open kitchen with plenty of amenities, including microwave, oven, fridge / freezer, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer. Kitchenware is sufficiently present. Bathroom with shower, separate toilet and three cozy cabins with  comfortable double and single bunk beds, the larger cabins also  have their own air conditioning system. Our rates are without catering and sailing, if you want to receive an offer for catering and / or sailing, let us know. Our ship is easily accessible by bike, public transport and car, parking is free. If you would like to rent bicycles or scooters, we can help you to organize that and have the bicycles/scooters at the ship when you arri",,,
