"My ship is an authentic freighter from the thirties. She is fully equipped for a pleasant stay in our beautiful city of Amsterdam. Experience how it is to live on a ship. There is a central heating system for a comfortable stay and if you want you can use the fireplace, your place is completely private.","Be amazed by this beautiful houseboat, located in a unique area in Amsterdam. The boat is cozy and romantic. Drink a glass of wine with your loved one in the living room, which is very open and bright. The wood stove makes the evening even more romantic. Take a look in one of the many authentic windows in the morning. When it's hot in the city, do not hesitate to take a refreshing dip in the canal, which is very clean. If it is not sunny, you can rent two bicycles, provided by the owner of the boat. You do not have to cycle far to see great places in Amsterdam: the area is known for its modern architecture and the historic city center is only about 15 minutes away. The authenticity of the houseboat is well preserved, but the modern look in the furniture creates a homely and special atmosphere. The first part of the boat, fully equipped, is completely for you, inside and out. You have your own access.","My ship is an authentic freighter from the thirties. She is fully equipped for a pleasant stay in our beautiful city of Amsterdam. Experience how it is to live on a ship. There is a central heating system for a comfortable stay and if you want you can use the fireplace, your place is completely private. Be amazed by this beautiful houseboat, located in a unique area in Amsterdam. The boat is cozy and romantic. Drink a glass of wine with your loved one in the living room, which is very open and bright. The wood stove makes the evening even more romantic. Take a look in one of the many authentic windows in the morning. When it's hot in the city, do not hesitate to take a refreshing dip in the canal, which is very clean. If it is not sunny, you can rent two bicycles, provided by the owner of the boat. You do not have to cycle far to see great places in Amsterdam: the area is known for its modern architecture and the historic city center is only about 15 minutes away. The authenticity of t","Zeeburg is conveniently located in the east of Amsterdam, it is the former port of the city where herbs and coffee were transported by the ship in the old days. Almost every ship that is now in the port area is a houseboat. Zeeburg is now known for its modern architecture. It is a quiet neighborhood and 10 minutes away from the historic city center by bus or tram or bicycle. There is a shopping center 5 minutes by bike.","Travel directions: Here you can buy your public transport card online: (Website hidden by Airbnb)  If you are on the airport, just pick a train to the Central Station. From Central Station take bus 48 towards Borneo Island from platform C. Get off at the last bus stop Fortyunplein, after 15 min. From there it is 100 meters to the Reussi on Borneokade 66. Travel directions: Park: From 09:00 to 00:00 parking in our neighborhood is chargeable, here you can already buy a parking ticket:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Another option is to park the car at P + R Zeeburg:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  There, take tram 26 in the direction of the main station. After one station get off (Rietlandpark) It is a 15-minute walk to Borneokade 66 Travel time: 18 minutes","Respect the boat and the neighborhood. No smoking inside. The last part of the boat is my private space, also outside, please respect my privacy. No pets. Enjoy your stay"
