"Authentic antique motor yacht with many original Art Deco features. Partly refurbished to modern standards with shower, etc. Situated close to the city center and old Dutch villages. You have your own private entrance and free car parking. In less than 10 minutes by tram you can reach the Central Station and on the (free to use) bikes it's a 10-minute ride to old Dutch villages. In short, the ideal starting point to discover Amsterdam and surroundings.","You are staying in the Irene, one of the few remaining private yachts from the twenties of the last century and now sailing cultural heritage. The Irene is for the most part in its original state with beautiful Art Deco details. The boat is of course modernised to make it as comfortable as possible for our guests. The irene is 10 meters long and 3 meters wide. The space is divided in a cabrio cabin and a closed cabin (the living area).","Authentic antique motor yacht with many original Art Deco features. Partly refurbished to modern standards with shower, etc. Situated close to the city center and old Dutch villages. You have your own private entrance and free car parking. In less than 10 minutes by tram you can reach the Central Station and on the (free to use) bikes it's a 10-minute ride to old Dutch villages. In short, the ideal starting point to discover Amsterdam and surroundings. You are staying in the Irene, one of the few remaining private yachts from the twenties of the last century and now sailing cultural heritage. The Irene is for the most part in its original state with beautiful Art Deco details. The boat is of course modernised to make it as comfortable as possible for our guests. The irene is 10 meters long and 3 meters wide. The space is divided in a cabrio cabin and a closed cabin (the living area). You enter the boat via the cabrio cabin. The convertible top can open up, so you can enjoy breakfast or","The Irene is situated in a lovely place on the dike of the Zeeburgereiland, an upcoming area with new buildings close by. Within armslength reach of beautiful old Dutch villages, nature parks and only 20 minutes from the centre of Amsterdam.  During your stay at the Irene it does not sail. But it is possible to make a day trip with a captain to one of the old fishing villages, Marken for example . Always in consultation and at an additional cost. CITY You can reach the Central Station in the Centre of Amsterdam by public transport within 20 minutes. Walking to the tram is 10 minutes, biking is 4 minutes. The tram then takes you within 10 minutes to the Central Station. (You can also bring the bikes for a small payment in the tram). From there you have easy access to the Palace on the Dam, the Jordan-area, New Market, large and small shopping streets or the red light district. On a bike it takes about 25 minutes to reach the centre. You are also one tram stop away (or 15 minutes by bike",It is just a 10-minute walk to the tram stop. And the tram takes you within 10 minutes to the Central Station.  You can use the bikes we provide for free.  You can also park your car for free on the road next to our boat. The Irene is located within the ring road of Amsterdam and only 5 minutes from the highway.,"The Irene is not suitable for disabled. About using the toilet:  Besides normal use of toiletpaper don't put anything else in like sanitary napkins, facial wipes or otherwise. Then you will destroy the expensive sewerage pump. Quiet and peaceful area, not a party place. In the event that the tenant causes damage to the property and/or the inventory, this must be reported immediately. The tenant accepts liability for all damage caused by him/her, even if such damage is ascertained after his/her departure. The tenant is not permitted to give other people permission to be on the property, except the co-tenants, without asking the lessor. In the event that the tenant does not behave as a good tenant or is a nuisance to the neighbourhood, subsequent access to the property may be denied, and the rental agreement may be considered legally dissolved, without any rights to reimbursement of rent and/or deposit. Tenant is on his own risk on, in and around the property of the lessor. Booking the p"
