"Stylish 3rd & 4th floor apartment is light and bright, split over 2 floors with large stunning roof terrace.  Suitable for a 1 or 2 couples & centrally located in Oud Zuid, convenient for all public transport lines, only 15mins into the city centre. ","Large modern living spaces with high ceilings, oak floors and funky ceiling light fittings. Renovated and fully equipped family size kitchen. Large roof terrace accessed from bedroom offering pleasing view over central internal courtyard. There will be wine and chocolate waiting for guests on arrival. 2 MINUTE WALK FROM OLYMPIC STADIUM - START AND FINISH OF AMSTERDAM MARATHON!!","Stylish 3rd & 4th floor apartment is light and bright, split over 2 floors with large stunning roof terrace.  Suitable for a 1 or 2 couples & centrally located in Oud Zuid, convenient for all public transport lines, only 15mins into the city centre.  Large modern living spaces with high ceilings, oak floors and funky ceiling light fittings. Renovated and fully equipped family size kitchen. Large roof terrace accessed from bedroom offering pleasing view over central internal courtyard. There will be wine and chocolate waiting for guests on arrival. 2 MINUTE WALK FROM OLYMPIC STADIUM - START AND FINISH OF AMSTERDAM MARATHON!! Guests have access to the entire apartment. Someone will be available to hand over the keys and welcome guests to our home, either ourselves or a friend.  If you have any questions during your stay, you can call at any time for help or advice. We are close to everything! Trams and buses to just about all of central Amsterdam are located within less than a five minut",We are close to everything! Trams and buses to just about all of central Amsterdam are located within less than a five minute walk. The central courtyard is full of trees and is very quiet - the quietest night sleep you could wish for! We also have a Dutch bakery directly across from our front door - fresh croissants all day long! The Olympic stadium is close by.,"As already stated, all the buses and trams into central Amsterdam are less than a 5 minute walk away. We also have bicycles that our guests are welcome to use. There are several parks and canals in close proximity too, as well as some excellent restaurants and bars.",Please take note of the following rule - only the BOOKED in number of guests are allowed to stay in the apartment - no additional visitors unless arranged with the owners/hosts. So if 2 or 4 guests are booked then only 2 or 4 can stay. We stay next door so it is obvious when this is being done and we wont allow it as it is basically stealing. Professionals are preferred and no students are allowed due to past problems and disrespectful use of our apartment. Our neighbours must be respected and the noise level must be low when using the communal stairs. This is a family home and NO PARTIES and loud noise are allowed. NO DRUGS at all on the premises. Please stick to the spirit of Airbnb - this is a society of trust and sharing.
