"Great complete apartment on the ground floor in the popular Oud-West neighborhood of Amsterdam, suited for two people. Very close to various bars, restaurants, shops & public transport. Even the city centre is within walking distance.","This apartment consists of approximately 60 square meters living space. What sets this house apart from the rest is the unique layout. This has enabled me to comfortably fit a large dining table (up to 6-8 pers) and a full size sitting area into the living room. This however has not compromised the size of the bedroom, with en-suite bathroom. The seperate toilet is accessed through the hallway.  A full size (open) kitchen is adjacent to the living room, with gas stove, microwave, oven, coffee maker and all the appliances you'll need.  The spacious (50m2) garden has a large table for those long BBQ evenings. Access to the garden is directly from the kitchen/living.","Great complete apartment on the ground floor in the popular Oud-West neighborhood of Amsterdam, suited for two people. Very close to various bars, restaurants, shops & public transport. Even the city centre is within walking distance. This apartment consists of approximately 60 square meters living space. What sets this house apart from the rest is the unique layout. This has enabled me to comfortably fit a large dining table (up to 6-8 pers) and a full size sitting area into the living room. This however has not compromised the size of the bedroom, with en-suite bathroom. The seperate toilet is accessed through the hallway.  A full size (open) kitchen is adjacent to the living room, with gas stove, microwave, oven, coffee maker and all the appliances you'll need.  The spacious (50m2) garden has a large table for those long BBQ evenings. Access to the garden is directly from the kitchen/living. Guests will have full access.  I will reserve a kitchen cupboards, a shelf in the refrigerat","The Oud-West part of Amsterdam (and especially this ""helmersbuurt"" section) is very popular, due to the kind people living there, low crime rates, many shops/bars/restaurants around. Many children still play here in the streets, which I just love :)","Trams 1 and 17 stop within 5 minutes walking distance. These trams can take you to trains tations ""Amsterdam Centraal"" and ""Amsterdam Lelylaan"". From there trains go to all major cities in the Netherlands.  Taxi's are available within 2 minute walk.  Parking your car in front of the house is possible, but very expensive ( 30 euros per day). Cheaper (and free) parking is available if you are willing to travel by tram for a few minutes.",Kids allowed Pets allowed Smoking only allowed if I can't smell it ;)
