,"Large split level room to acc. 3 people ( possible 4 but then a little crowded but cheaper!!)  with fascilities as coffee/tea, radio, fridge,   an ajacent bathroom and own toilet (extra  toilet owner downstairs) ,microwave, wifi  Typical Amsterdamschool of architecture, good connection  ( general transport) with inner city.  Nice breakfast and warm hospitality. Internet available only when necessary otherwise outside nearby.  Quiet, clean, nice neighbourhood,reasonable parking, Accomodation enjoys good privacy.  Vondelpark and many restaurants just around the corner. Finances go to the Gambia Agricultural Project in Gambia !! supporting 25 people ( information at interest).","Large split level room to acc. 3 people ( possible 4 but then a little crowded but cheaper!!)  with fascilities as coffee/tea, radio, fridge,   an ajacent bathroom and own toilet (extra  toilet owner downstairs) ,microwave, wifi  Typical Amsterdamschool of architecture, good connection  ( general transport) with inner city.  Nice breakfast and warm hospitality. Internet available only when necessary otherwise outside nearby.  Quiet, clean, nice neighbourhood,reasonable parking, Accomodation enjoys good privacy.  Vondelpark and many restaurants just around the corner. Finances go to the Gambia Agricultural Project in Gambia !! supporting 25 people ( information at interest). Acces to the bed and breakfast fascility. Owner has his own livingspace. No back yard etc. There is extensive information in several languages available. Host can supply extra supportive information specific to the city such as markets, places to go, uot of the tourisct track things. Nearby restaurants, 2 parks ( Vo","Nearby restaurants, 2 parks ( Vondel) , 4 foodshops, 2 tramlines to the center city, 2 cyclerent places, Amsterdamschool architecture neighbourhood.","Tramlines 1 or 17 to center city or trainstation nearby for airport. Taxi from airport about 35 euro, taxi from Central station about 18. euro. Cycle hire very nearby.","No loud music no hard drugs ( cannabis is possible ) No alcohol abuse Breakfast in accomodation own key, no time acces limit friends may visit/ if sleeping than extra costs."
