"B & B “De 9 Straatjes” welcomes you to your ‘home away from home’.   Located in a monumental historic building in the middle of the famous Jordaan and nine shopping streets. It’s situated in the lively city center of Amsterdam offering a diversity of brown pubs, restaurants and boutiques in the direct area. B & B “De 9 Straatjes” is the most excellent location for a city trip.","B & B “De 9 Straatjes” welcomes you to your ‘home away from home’.   Located in a monumental historic building in the middle of the famous Jordaan and nine shopping streets. It’s situated in the lively city center of Amsterdam offering a diversity of brown pubs, restaurants and boutiques in the direct area. B & B “De 9 Straatjes” is the most excellent location for a city trip, business visit or shopping spree.   B &B “De 9 Straatjes” is only a 15-minute walk from Amsterdam Central Railway Station. Typical Amsterdam sightseeing attractions such as The Dam Square, Red Light District, The Vondelpark, Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, nightlife area and shopping district are within walking distance.  We offer you a spacious, comfortable, recently renovated and newly decorated accommodation with all the comfort and modern luxuries you need nowadays. The B & B has a private entrance and a private bathroom it is also a non-smoking residence.      We very much look forward welcoming you to a uniqu","B & B “De 9 Straatjes” welcomes you to your ‘home away from home’.   Located in a monumental historic building in the middle of the famous Jordaan and nine shopping streets. It’s situated in the lively city center of Amsterdam offering a diversity of brown pubs, restaurants and boutiques in the direct area. B & B “De 9 Straatjes” is the most excellent location for a city trip. B & B “De 9 Straatjes” welcomes you to your ‘home away from home’.   Located in a monumental historic building in the middle of the famous Jordaan and nine shopping streets. It’s situated in the lively city center of Amsterdam offering a diversity of brown pubs, restaurants and boutiques in the direct area. B & B “De 9 Straatjes” is the most excellent location for a city trip, business visit or shopping spree.   B &B “De 9 Straatjes” is only a 15-minute walk from Amsterdam Central Railway Station. Typical Amsterdam sightseeing attractions such as The Dam Square, Red Light District, The Vondelpark, Van Gogh Museum",,,
