"My house (130m2) is situated in the quarter called ‘IJburg'  with a travel distance of nearly 10 minutes by public transport to Amsterdam CS. In my house is a kitchen,living & bedroom available for tourists with a marvelous water view. You're welcome",This free build house is located in a new beautiful area of Amsterdam called Ijburg. Which is only 10 minutes away from Amsterdam Central Station. The house is build on water. Which means that you will have a wonderful water view from all sides of the house. The available room is 15m2. There is a joined livingroom and a luxury kitchen and bathroom that will provide you with all the comfort that you wish for during your stay in this lovely enviroment.,"My house (130m2) is situated in the quarter called ‘IJburg'  with a travel distance of nearly 10 minutes by public transport to Amsterdam CS. In my house is a kitchen,living & bedroom available for tourists with a marvelous water view. You're welcome This free build house is located in a new beautiful area of Amsterdam called Ijburg. Which is only 10 minutes away from Amsterdam Central Station. The house is build on water. Which means that you will have a wonderful water view from all sides of the house. The available room is 15m2. There is a joined livingroom and a luxury kitchen and bathroom that will provide you with all the comfort that you wish for during your stay in this lovely enviroment. As a guest you will have access to the open kitchen, living room and bathroom. The guest room is provided with all that is needed. Free Wifi Internet, a double bed or 2 single beds, a desk ,lounge area and enough space for storage. And not to forget a wonderful view of the lake ""Ijmeer"" As a g","As earlier mentioned this is a nice new area of the city of Amsterdam with houses that are mostly surounded by water. Which gives it a natural open feeling. There is a wonderful beach close by, which is there to enjoy during the winter for a nice walk and ofcourse in the summer for relaxation and some extra sun. As a guest you can explore the diffrent aspects of water sports, due to the fact that this area is surounded by water.","From Central Station you can take the public transportation to Ijburg. The easiest manner to do so is to take the tram nr 26. You need to get out at the stop: ""Steigereiland"". This trip will take you 10 minutes. From the stop its only a 1 minute walk to the listing. There is also close by parking if that is needed. Further there is a shopping area that is a 7 min walk away. There is also a small supermarket on the corner of the street which is only 1 minute away by foot. ",As a young professional I expect my guests to treat my house and the joined areas with respect. Smoking is not aloud in the house.
