,"Stunning impeccably refurbished ground floor apartment minutes from the main train station. The studio apartment is situated in the hart of the old town on a picturesque, very quiet canal and on walking distance to many of the main tourist attractions. The Nieuwmarkt is on your doorstep and hosts numerous pubs, restaurants and cafes. Public transport is around the corner. The studio (37m2) offers a lounge, an open plan kitchen with dining area, twin beds, a modern bathroom with toilet, sink and shower and has its own entrance. The studio is bright and modern with an authentic beam sealing. The furniture consists of design from the 30s, 50s, 60s until now. Should you wish to dine in, the fully equipped kitchen has everything you could possibly wish; -Hob  -Combination microwave -Kettle -Senseo coffee machine -Toaster -Fridge  -Wide range of utensils In the fridge and kitchen you will find everything for a sumptuous breakfast; bread, different types of cheese, eggs, butter, yoghurt, cere","Stunning impeccably refurbished ground floor apartment minutes from the main train station. The studio apartment is situated in the hart of the old town on a picturesque, very quiet canal and on walking distance to many of the main tourist attractions. The Nieuwmarkt is on your doorstep and hosts numerous pubs, restaurants and cafes. Public transport is around the corner. The studio (37m2) offers a lounge, an open plan kitchen with dining area, twin beds, a modern bathroom with toilet, sink and shower and has its own entrance. The studio is bright and modern with an authentic beam sealing. The furniture consists of design from the 30s, 50s, 60s until now. Should you wish to dine in, the fully equipped kitchen has everything you could possibly wish; -Hob  -Combination microwave -Kettle -Senseo coffee machine -Toaster -Fridge  -Wide range of utensils In the fridge and kitchen you will find everything for a sumptuous breakfast; bread, different types of cheese, eggs, butter, yoghurt, cere",,,inchecken vanaf 16.00 uur vertrek voor 10.30 uur
