"B&B with 2 boutique 'Parisian-style' suites in upscale 'Oud Zuid' also known as the Museum district, famous for its shops, restaurants, and of course museums (Rijksmuseum & Van Gogh oa) & lovely Vondelpark. The suites both have a fully equipped kitchen, private bathroom, sitting area, WiFi, iPod dockingstation and TV. ","B&B Petit Paris has two separate suites:  'The Yellow Suite' and 'The Blue Suite'.  The yellow suite is pictured in this listing, for the blue suite please check our other listing: B&B Petit Paris 'The Blue Suite'.  The style in which the B&B is decorated is somewhat like Paris from the old days. The atmosphere is a bit like one of the boutique hotels Paris is famous for and has plenty of. Hence the name...   The yellow suite, pictured in this listing, is a very cosy studio apartment with a comfortable double bed, a fully equipped kitchen with Nespresso machine, sitting area, walk-in-bathroom with rainshower, free Wifi, TV and an iPod docking station with radio & alarm clock.  Breakfast is not included, but there are several options open to you. You can either make it in your own kitchen with a freshly brewed Nespresso in your hand, you can go out to one of the many breakfast places in the neighbourhood (the closest is across the street), or we can make you a full English breakfast, wh","B&B with 2 boutique 'Parisian-style' suites in upscale 'Oud Zuid' also known as the Museum district, famous for its shops, restaurants, and of course museums (Rijksmuseum & Van Gogh oa) & lovely Vondelpark. The suites both have a fully equipped kitchen, private bathroom, sitting area, WiFi, iPod dockingstation and TV.  B&B Petit Paris has two separate suites:  'The Yellow Suite' and 'The Blue Suite'.  The yellow suite is pictured in this listing, for the blue suite please check our other listing: B&B Petit Paris 'The Blue Suite'.  The style in which the B&B is decorated is somewhat like Paris from the old days. The atmosphere is a bit like one of the boutique hotels Paris is famous for and has plenty of. Hence the name...   The yellow suite, pictured in this listing, is a very cosy studio apartment with a comfortable double bed, a fully equipped kitchen with Nespresso machine, sitting area, walk-in-bathroom with rainshower, free Wifi, TV and an iPod docking station with radio & alarm c","Oud Zuid is one of the upscale area's of Amsterdam. It's known for its tree filled lanes, beautiful, spacious houses, lovely restaurants and fancy shops. But also of course for the Vondelpark, that lovely, green haven in the middle of Amsterdam, which is less than 5 min from the B&B. And, not to forget, the Museumplein, where you'll find three of the most famous museums in the world: The Rijksmuseum, 't Stedelijk museum and the Van Gogh museum. It's only a leisurely 15 min walk away (passing by one of the fanciest shopping streets in Amsterdam - the Cornelis Schuytstraat) or 5 min by tram. The Leidseplein (which is where the city centre starts seen from us) is 10 min by bike or tram. And thé most famous shopping street of Amsterdam (if not Holland), the PC Hooftstraat, with shops as Tiffany, Louis Vuitton and Chanel is also in Oud Zuid, next to the Museumplein. Always nice to wander around a bit....","Tram 2 stops practically in front of Petit Paris (nearest stop is 'Amstelveense weg' or else 'Emmaplein'). It will take you to the Museumsquare, PC Hooftstraat, Leidseplein & Leidsestraat, the canals, Damsquare and finally the Central station (or the other way around of course). Besides tram 2 there are several other trams and buses that stop close to the B&B. ",
