"Welcome to my B&B-room! A bright room in my 1930' apartment on a tree lined street in Bos & Lommer (Old-West). - Two minute walk to tram & local shops  - Ten minute tram ride to the center  - 30 minutes to airport The room is suitable for calm and culture minded people. I prefer to host couples or females.  Check-in: Mon-Fri after 6pm | Sat-Sun flexible Check-out: flexible STRICTLY NO SMOKING! Look forward to welcome you to my retro, bright and plant filled house.","THE ROOM  Is comfortably equipped for two guests: with a double bed (1.40 – 2.00), a small sofa, small table and two chairs, coat hangers and a wardrobe. BATHROOM  Renovated to the original 1930ties décor, with rain shower, large sink and spacious toilet.  KITCHEN  You can make coffee & tea and have breakfast in the kitchen or prepare a simple meal.  ---> After 8pm I prefer to keep the kitchen for my private use.  CHECK-IN TIME Weekend: flexible Mon  - Fri: after 6pm  ---> Please consult me if you have questions about the weekday check-in.  CHECK-OUT TIME Flexible STRICTLY NO SMOKING In all areas including the garden.  GARDEN Is not accessible, this is my private sanctuary! Looking forward to meeting you. Any questions you may have, feel free to ask me!","Welcome to my B&B-room! A bright room in my 1930' apartment on a tree lined street in Bos & Lommer (Old-West). - Two minute walk to tram & local shops  - Ten minute tram ride to the center  - 30 minutes to airport The room is suitable for calm and culture minded people. I prefer to host couples or females.  Check-in: Mon-Fri after 6pm | Sat-Sun flexible Check-out: flexible STRICTLY NO SMOKING! Look forward to welcome you to my retro, bright and plant filled house. THE ROOM  Is comfortably equipped for two guests: with a double bed (1.40 – 2.00), a small sofa, small table and two chairs, coat hangers and a wardrobe. BATHROOM  Renovated to the original 1930ties décor, with rain shower, large sink and spacious toilet.  KITCHEN  You can make coffee & tea and have breakfast in the kitchen or prepare a simple meal.  ---> After 8pm I prefer to keep the kitchen for my private use.  CHECK-IN TIME Weekend: flexible Mon  - Fri: after 6pm  ---> Please consult me if you have questions about the wee","Kijkduinstraat is situated on the border of the Westerpark and the up and coming Bos & Lommer area. I enjoy both the calm living environment of my neighborhood as well as the vibrant city life just around the corner Just down my street at a one minute walk you will find several local shops: bakers, butchers and a supermarket for your groceries. As well as a few local eateries.  The neighborhood itself hosts a variety of cultural and artistic venues within walking distabce such as: Podium Mozaïek (restaurant, bar and thearter) & Westergasfabriek (cinema, restaurants, brewery) Westerpark and the smaller but charming Erasmus park. The population is a pleasant mix of young urban’s, older citizens, singles and families. The area is quite green and the shops in the immediate area include a bakery, butchers, various supermarkets, biological food shop, bookshop, chemists and other local shops.","The tram / bus stop is two minutes walking from my house.  Bringing you to the various highlights in town with a 10 to 15 minute ride.  Tram 12 to  -	Vondel park -	Museumplein: Rijksmusum, Van Gogh Museum, Modern art museum -	Concertgebouw area (Oud-Zuid) -	Albert Cuyp Market & de Pijp area  -	Amstel Station Tram 14 to  -	Canaldistrict -	Anne Frank House  -	Jordaan area -	Dam  -	Rembrandtplein   -	Waterlooplein:  for market, Inner city and Jewish Cultural Quarter  -	Artis (zoo) and Hortus Botanicus  -	Tropenmuseum -	Brouwerij ‘t IJ -	Dappermarkt and Javastraat (East-side) Bus 21 to  -	Westergasfabriek and Westerpark -	Jordaan area -	Haarlemmerplein and Haarlemmerstraat  -	Central Station Great transit from the Airport, in less than 30 minutes -	Train to the Sloterdijk Station (10 min)  -	Tram 12 (5 min)  -	Walk to Kijkduinstraat (2 min) Also easy connection from other major arrival stations: Central Station: Bus 21 (12 min) Amstel Station: Tram 12 (25 min) Bus terminal Zeeburg: tram 26",Smoking is allowed but preferred to be kept modest and is absolutely limited to regular tobacco only. This includes the garden: cigaretes only (please consult me on arrival if you have further questions regarding this) My apartment is in a calm neighbourhood and my immediate neighbors have small children therefore please mind the neighbors with respect to noise and smoking. Give them the respect you would wish for yourself and family and you should have a very pleasent stay in my apartment I hope.
