This apartment is an ideal place to relax in complete tranquility and peace  on the top 7th floor and gives you a breath away view of the lake and beach Blijburg. The area has some nice venues like a cosy harbour with nice restaurants and bars.,"Welcome to my penthouse. It's enormously spacious (100 m2), ideal for 2 or 3 and also possible for a family with a small child. Located on the 7th floor and surrounded by nothing but windows, offering breathtaking views of the water, giving you the peace and quiet that a holiday can offer you. Nice quiet area away from the tourist-infested centre of town but just 15 minutes away by tram. The island IJburg near Amsterdam Centre has many restaurants, cafe's, parks, coffee cafe's, Ijburg harbour and shops as well as food and beverage outlets, all just around the block. And ofcourse the city beach(-club) Blijburg with sailing & kite surfing within 25 mtr walking distance. In short, with all the luxury available in this wonderful penthouse.  Including utilities and cable / internet / wifi. Fitted kitchen with all appliances. Flat screen Samsung TV + Sonos sound system and luxury furniture.","This apartment is an ideal place to relax in complete tranquility and peace  on the top 7th floor and gives you a breath away view of the lake and beach Blijburg. The area has some nice venues like a cosy harbour with nice restaurants and bars. Welcome to my penthouse. It's enormously spacious (100 m2), ideal for 2 or 3 and also possible for a family with a small child. Located on the 7th floor and surrounded by nothing but windows, offering breathtaking views of the water, giving you the peace and quiet that a holiday can offer you. Nice quiet area away from the tourist-infested centre of town but just 15 minutes away by tram. The island IJburg near Amsterdam Centre has many restaurants, cafe's, parks, coffee cafe's, Ijburg harbour and shops as well as food and beverage outlets, all just around the block. And ofcourse the city beach(-club) Blijburg with sailing & kite surfing within 25 mtr walking distance. In short, with all the luxury available in this wonderful penthouse.  Includin","Our neighborhood is so lovely because it is really peaceful and quiet on the ""Ijmeer"" but also really close to the city, within 15 minutes you are back in the vibrant city centre of Amsterdam!","Take the train from Schiphol Airport to ""Amsterdam Central Station"". Then take tram 26 towards ""IJburg"" and get out at the endstop called ""Ijburg"", from there the apartment is in walking distance. Furthermore IJburg easily accessible by public transport, bicycle and car. The tram 26 (stop at the door ) takes you in 15 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station (City centre). With the car within a few minutes on the Ring A- 10 .","No smoking inside and please have respect for the house and the building. Enjoy it, but with respect please, thank you very much."
