"120 sq meter, modern apartment in one of Amsterdams nicest area's; the staatsliedenbuurt. The Jordaan and the rest of the city center are just a couple of minutes away on foot or by bike.","On the ground floor are a big living area, a conservatory with dining area, modern kitchen and a little office. You can open the big glass doors from the conservatory to access our nice small garden.  Upstairs you will find one bedroom with a big (180x210cm) double bed and one were we can leave either one or two of our daughters beds or we can place a comfortable single mattress. Not suitable for four adults. Our apartment is suitable for 2 adults and two young children OR 3 adults.","120 sq meter, modern apartment in one of Amsterdams nicest area's; the staatsliedenbuurt. The Jordaan and the rest of the city center are just a couple of minutes away on foot or by bike. On the ground floor are a big living area, a conservatory with dining area, modern kitchen and a little office. You can open the big glass doors from the conservatory to access our nice small garden.  Upstairs you will find one bedroom with a big (180x210cm) double bed and one were we can leave either one or two of our daughters beds or we can place a comfortable single mattress. Not suitable for four adults. Our apartment is suitable for 2 adults and two young children OR 3 adults. After being a 'rough' neighborhood for a long time and being the center for the squatting scene of the 1980's, the Staatsliedenbuurt is now one of the most sought after places to live in Amsterdam. The Westerpark is a 2 minute walk away. This is the site of the city's former gasworks and is now a cultural meeting point whe","After being a 'rough' neighborhood for a long time and being the center for the squatting scene of the 1980's, the Staatsliedenbuurt is now one of the most sought after places to live in Amsterdam. The Westerpark is a 2 minute walk away. This is the site of the city's former gasworks and is now a cultural meeting point where you will find some of the best bars with terraces, a movie theater and a great place to just lay in the grass and relax.","Public transport connections to Central Station (12 min bus ride), all the museums (trams) and the rest of the city centre are quick and easy.",
