"Beautiful 55 square meters apartment with 42 square meters garden. Fully furnished!!! In the bedroom you can find:  WiFi internet,  a comfortable bed for 2 persons and a big wardrobe. From the bedroom you have access to the shared bathroom with a washing machine you can use and a bath tub and shower. No need to bring towels , I have some available for you.","My house is a cozy full of light comfortable apartment with a nice garden! It's near the city center in front of the Erasmus Park. 20 minutes away from Leidseplein (by tram or by bicycle). It has a master bedroom with king size bed and plenty of storage room in a big wardrobe; a chill-out space with a couchbed easy to pull-out and pull-in (you can keep it out if you want, it won't bother as it is placed in a smart spot). The kitchen is fully furnished: five fires, oven, microwave, dishwasher, an island were you will love to have breakfast, to have a meal or a toast with friends! A working area with pc that can get easily cleared and arranged for a formal dinner. The bathroom is big and fits a washing machine and a bath tub. Off course all enriched by fast internet, 5+1 digital audio system. If you like a quiet moment in the open air please read a magazine in the front garden or take your own loved drink in the back-garden. When you can't take it anymore and you want to get lost in Amst","Beautiful 55 square meters apartment with 42 square meters garden. Fully furnished!!! In the bedroom you can find:  WiFi internet,  a comfortable bed for 2 persons and a big wardrobe. From the bedroom you have access to the shared bathroom with a washing machine you can use and a bath tub and shower. No need to bring towels , I have some available for you. My house is a cozy full of light comfortable apartment with a nice garden! It's near the city center in front of the Erasmus Park. 20 minutes away from Leidseplein (by tram or by bicycle). It has a master bedroom with king size bed and plenty of storage room in a big wardrobe; a chill-out space with a couchbed easy to pull-out and pull-in (you can keep it out if you want, it won't bother as it is placed in a smart spot). The kitchen is fully furnished: five fires, oven, microwave, dishwasher, an island were you will love to have breakfast, to have a meal or a toast with friends! A working area with pc that can get easily cleared and ","It's cozy and it's getting more and more young dwellers. New shops are popping up together with bars and clubs: Podium Mozaik (on Monday's nights the offer salsa courses apart from the weekend highlights), The Zurich (local pub restaurants in Mercatorplein), best Thai in Amsterdam west Kratiam Thai and others. Moreover plenty of supermarkets, little ethnic restaurants, gyms (one of them with 25 meters swimming pool, turkisk bath and sauna), public library a hundred meter away. Across the street you find Terrasmus in the Erasmuspark, they serve great breakfast (winter closed) , Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark are just very close by. On the Bos en Lommerplein you can discover our market with 80 market stalls (closed on monday and sunday). You want it you have it!","My neighbourhood is easily accessible by public transport. Tram 7: Less than 100 meter from the doorstep. It brings you to Leidseplein in 20 minutes or to the Oosterpark and the Amstel area in 30 minutes. Bus 15: Same above just a 100 meter away. It brings you to the Zuid WTC in 15 minutes, to Station Sloterdijk in 15 minutes. On Station Sloterdijk you can take many busses, bus 69 drives you to the airport, trains and metro's and it's the stop for flixbus.  With tram 7 and bus 15 you can then commute to any spot in the city with just one change. If you walk a bit further, like one stop, you find tram 13 on the Mercatorplein who will bring you directly to the Central Station. Tram 14 on the Bos en Lommerplein  brings you to the Dam, Rembrandtplein and Waterlooplein. If you arrive at CS you can take Bus 21  ( geuzenveld) It stops opposite Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam. Get off on Bos en Lommerplein. It is a little bit closer than tram 13. Tickets you can buy in the bus.","I like people who love life and they want to live it to the utmost...using their brain! Anybody who knows me says that I am one of the most relaxed and open minded person they ever met. I lived for long periods in more than 6 different countries (so, I am not talking about the 2 weeks vacation in an all-in resort) so I am not one of those grumpy house-lord checking every move you make. Just be smart and respect my property ; )"
