Spacious lovely one bedroom apartment located at the Amstel canal with a great view from the balconies. A lovely quiet neighbourhood right at the center of Amsterdam (walking distance). A gem in Amsterdam..,"If you do not instantly fall in love with the house, the interieur, its location, the brightness of the apartment and the canal view, you will with the super kingsize 200x210cm bed. Seriously, this will probably be more comfortable than your bed at home. The apartment is bright and beautiful with a lot of space and high ceilings. There is a large dining and living room. Surrounded with windows with a stunning view. In the summer you can enjoy the balcony. The bedroom has a kingsize (antibacterial and hypoallergenic memory foam) bed with a balcony.  The apartment is located on the second floor and can accommodate 2 people (or with a child). It has a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine and oven. Free Wifi is included.  Any questions or suggestions needed? Don't hesitate to ask or contact me during your stay, I'll be happy to help and point you to everything you'll need.","Spacious lovely one bedroom apartment located at the Amstel canal with a great view from the balconies. A lovely quiet neighbourhood right at the center of Amsterdam (walking distance). A gem in Amsterdam.. If you do not instantly fall in love with the house, the interieur, its location, the brightness of the apartment and the canal view, you will with the super kingsize 200x210cm bed. Seriously, this will probably be more comfortable than your bed at home. The apartment is bright and beautiful with a lot of space and high ceilings. There is a large dining and living room. Surrounded with windows with a stunning view. In the summer you can enjoy the balcony. The bedroom has a kingsize (antibacterial and hypoallergenic memory foam) bed with a balcony.  The apartment is located on the second floor and can accommodate 2 people (or with a child). It has a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine and oven. Free Wifi is included.  Any questions or suggestions needed? Don't hesitate to ask","The apartment is located at the Weesperzijde with a great with view on the Amstel (Famous canal of Amsterdam). The famous Munt is around the corner and is the start of the shopping-streets of Amsterdam. The famous 9 Street shopping area starts at a 10 minutes cycling distance. Right around the corner there are several places where you can rent bikes, water-bikes, and arrange the canal boats.  The apartment is in a very convenient and near the popular area of Amsterdam, De Pijp. •Situated between 2 tram stops and metro station at walking distance, so it’s quite quick and easy to get to any area of Amsterdam. •Very close to Sarphati Park •Very close to the famous Albert Cuyp Market •Very close to the RAI convention center •Grocery shop on the same the street, more nearby. •A playground just at the corner of the nearest street. •Many shops, restaurants, bars and cafe’s right nearby.",,"No smoking, only guests allowed in the house. Just feel at home and treat the apartment as if it was your own.."
