"Our house is a 7 minute bicycle ride to the centre of Amsterdam, wich can be reached by a free ferry. You get a wonderfull old wooden house wich is suitable for four persons. Staying in our home is like living in a village in Amsterdam!","Our house is situated in one of the most beautiful streets of Amsterdam. It is very suitable for kids. The house has two renovated living rooms on the first floor : The piano room where you can enjoy the silence with a book on the sofa or play piano. The living room with sitting area with television and a cozy open kitchen with a big table for easily six persons if you have guests. Our pride is the garden room which is just renovated. A staircase gets you one level lower . The garden room has folding doors to the garden and gives you a view on a beautiful garden of a little church further on. There are lots of birds to spot. In the cozy garden you can have breakfast in the sun or shadow. There is also a possibility to enter the garden throug the alley. Our house is practically separated and we have no neighbor disturbance.  On the first floor there is also a toilet. Upstairs there are two bedrooms with  double beds. There is a rather big bathroom with toilet, shower and sink. In the ba","Our house is a 7 minute bicycle ride to the centre of Amsterdam, wich can be reached by a free ferry. You get a wonderfull old wooden house wich is suitable for four persons. Staying in our home is like living in a village in Amsterdam! Our house is situated in one of the most beautiful streets of Amsterdam. It is very suitable for kids. The house has two renovated living rooms on the first floor : The piano room where you can enjoy the silence with a book on the sofa or play piano. The living room with sitting area with television and a cozy open kitchen with a big table for easily six persons if you have guests. Our pride is the garden room which is just renovated. A staircase gets you one level lower . The garden room has folding doors to the garden and gives you a view on a beautiful garden of a little church further on. There are lots of birds to spot. In the cozy garden you can have breakfast in the sun or shadow. There is also a possibility to enter the garden throug the alley. ","Amsterdam Noord is at the moment according to Skykenner the 7th trendiest neighborhood of the world. That is because of the festivals, the giant flee market, the new restaurants, the new film museum and all the artist who have their studios here. The most agreable thing of our neighborhood is the calmness and the green with all the flowers! There are two ferryboats who will bring you in 5 minutes to the Central Station if you get fed up with the quietness.  A very good idea is to rent a bike : that’s possible here on the dike. The dike where we live is a very picturesque road with all kinds of wooden and brick stone houses. The oldest are build in the 17th century. The dike borders on the Vliegenbos, an untamed and very quiet wood, where you also can find the tennis loans.  An in- and outdoor swimmingpool you can find at a distance of two kilometers, if you follow the dike to Buiksloot. Most people of the north of Amsterdam however go for a swim in the lakes of the national park Het Tw",In a 7 minute walk you can take two busses that will bring you in 7 minutes to the central station of Amsterdam! They both run every 10 minutes.,
