"In the historic heart of Amsterdam, this ground-floor apartment with great canal view, has all you can wish for. Your own entrance, wifi, great bed, kitchen, rain-shower.  Two minutes away from both Dam Square and Anne Frank-huis.","Singel 141 is part of our beautiful canal house where we live since 2014. Our nice and intimate guest apartment has it's own entrance and all facilities you look for: wifi, great quality Auping bed, living area with nice sofa, TV and dinner-table. Our bathroom has a great rain shower. The kitchenette comes with a Quooker (boiled water from the tap), Nespresso machine and refrigerator .  We love to share our small library with books and magazines with you and, because we love music, we have some of our favorite records and a record player to play some nice tunes (we love Bowie, The Beatles, U2, Dylan but also recent stuff like Arcade Fire to name a few). Our apartment is perfect for  2/3 adults (or 2 adults with 1 kid). The sofa is a design bunk-bed which could be used by one adult. We took a lot of attention in the design of the apartment and hope you feel home away from home!","In the historic heart of Amsterdam, this ground-floor apartment with great canal view, has all you can wish for. Your own entrance, wifi, great bed, kitchen, rain-shower.  Two minutes away from both Dam Square and Anne Frank-huis.","You temporarily live in the historic heart of Amsterdam. The Dam Square, Anne Frank Huis, Jordaan, everything is minutes walk from your doorstep. Our house is at the Singel, the oldest canal in Amsterdam. Good restaurants, nice cafe's and a lot of shopping possibilities (nine streets, Bijenkorf) are around the corner. We live in one of the most visited parts of Amsterdam but in our apartment you can enjoy a quite sleep after a long day strolling through beautiful Amsterdam.","The Central Station is 800 meters from our home (10 minutes walk). Tram 1,2 and 5 stop 200 meters from our apartment. Bicycle rental is possible very close to our house.  We recommend and can arrange your transport from Schiphol or anywhere in or outside Amsterdam (or tours) with our preferred driver Egon Engers who drives a Mercedes S-Series.  Parking is expensive in the city center of Amsterdam, it will cost you €5 per hour. The underground parking-lot 'Q-park de Kolk' is close-by.",The house is available for 2 adults (and 1 or maybe 2 kids).  No smoking allowed. Unfortunately: no pets.  Minimum stay: 2 nights.
