"A great place to stay for couples, friends or a family. Situated in a quiet area with shops, bars and a few great restaurants at walking distance. The city center is a small cycling distance away. Garden with afternoon sun, sunny breakfast up front.","This beautiful apartment in the very pleasant 'Watergraafsmeer' area of Amsterdam, houses up to 4 people. There are two bedrooms, each with a double bed (one double bed can be made into two singles). There is a bathroom with a bath and a seperate shower. The living room is spacious and light and is furnished in a modern and cosy style. The kitchen is open and has all luxury appliances you might want. (dishwasher, fridge, freezer, quooker) We have a sunny garden as well. There is a great terrace to sit at and there is a nice lawn as well. it is possible to sit in the shadow or the sun, have breakfast, a nice BBQ or some drinks in the evening. It is also possible to sit outside in front of our house, its the perfect place for sunny breakfasts.  The city center is on cycling distance (15 mins) and can be easily reached by public transport. Artis, the Amsterdam Zoo is nearby. The nearest shops, restaurants and bars and parks can be reached in 5 mins walk. It's the perfect combination of re","A great place to stay for couples, friends or a family. Situated in a quiet area with shops, bars and a few great restaurants at walking distance. The city center is a small cycling distance away. Garden with afternoon sun, sunny breakfast up front. This beautiful apartment in the very pleasant 'Watergraafsmeer' area of Amsterdam, houses up to 4 people. There are two bedrooms, each with a double bed (one double bed can be made into two singles). There is a bathroom with a bath and a seperate shower. The living room is spacious and light and is furnished in a modern and cosy style. The kitchen is open and has all luxury appliances you might want. (dishwasher, fridge, freezer, quooker) We have a sunny garden as well. There is a great terrace to sit at and there is a nice lawn as well. it is possible to sit in the shadow or the sun, have breakfast, a nice BBQ or some drinks in the evening. It is also possible to sit outside in front of our house, its the perfect place for sunny breakfasts","Although we live in a very quiet neighborhood, all facilities are close. There are great shops, bars and restaurants at walking distance. The real nightlife is short cycling distance or a quick ride with public transport. We personally believe the best Amsterdam experience is had riding a bicycle. A few rental places are at walking distance.",Bus- and tramstops are at a few minutes walk. Amstel train station can be reached by bus in 5 mins. ,"Geen verhuur aan groepen groter dan 4 geen verhuur aan groepen vrienden Het is een woning in een gezinswijk, gedrag dient daarbij te passen Blowen niet toegestaan in tuin en binnen"
