,"Beautiful houseboat located at a quiet and peaceful location in the heart of Amsterdam. There is no better way to stay in Amsterdam than on a typical Amsterdam houseboat right on the canals. Lovely, calm and relaxed place to return to after a long day of sight seeing. Cosy and warm place to spend christmas and new years eve. The houseboat is located next to the vibrant Jordaan area with its nice cafes, good restaurants, plenty of shops and special boutiques. 5 minute walking distance from Anne Frankhouse and the Dam square. 10 minute walk from the Central Station. 15 minute walk from the Leidsche square, Rijksmuseum, Vondelpark and Van Gogh Museum. The houseboat is light and spacious. Wi-fi, cable tv, fireplace, central heating , lounge area, kitchen with high-quality Smeg equipment (6-burner stove, large oven, microwave, large fridge/freezer, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine). Spacious bedroom with a kingsize bed. Adjacent bathroom with separate shower and bathtub. In the front is","Beautiful houseboat located at a quiet and peaceful location in the heart of Amsterdam. There is no better way to stay in Amsterdam than on a typical Amsterdam houseboat right on the canals. Lovely, calm and relaxed place to return to after a long day of sight seeing. Cosy and warm place to spend christmas and new years eve. The houseboat is located next to the vibrant Jordaan area with its nice cafes, good restaurants, plenty of shops and special boutiques. 5 minute walking distance from Anne Frankhouse and the Dam square. 10 minute walk from the Central Station. 15 minute walk from the Leidsche square, Rijksmuseum, Vondelpark and Van Gogh Museum. The houseboat is light and spacious. Wi-fi, cable tv, fireplace, central heating , lounge area, kitchen with high-quality Smeg equipment (6-burner stove, large oven, microwave, large fridge/freezer, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine). Spacious bedroom with a kingsize bed. Adjacent bathroom with separate shower and bathtub. In the front is",,,"No smoking, no pets"
