"Beautiful old house (build 1930) in Amsterdam, 2 stories with 4 bedrooms.  Perfect for families with kids. Centrally located in Amsterdam","4 bedrooms (2 have child beds), so in total 6 fixed beds.  Additional we have 4 groundbeds available.  The house has 2 stories (groundfloor, 1st and 2nd) There is one luxurious bathroom on the first floor with sink, shower and bath and another luxurious bathroom on the second floor next to the masterbed room (with, sink, shower and toilet). Every floor has a toilet (3 in total) There is a nice closed garden on the southeast. The neighbourhood is quiet and has all facilities nearby. The central station is just a 10 mins walk from the house. Public transportation all night long. We have a very sweet cat, who is outside most of the time and needs little attention.  You will have access to the whole house and garden. We will not be in the house but will be available if needed","Beautiful old house (build 1930) in Amsterdam, 2 stories with 4 bedrooms.  Perfect for families with kids. Centrally located in Amsterdam 4 bedrooms (2 have child beds), so in total 6 fixed beds.  Additional we have 4 groundbeds available.  The house has 2 stories (groundfloor, 1st and 2nd) There is one luxurious bathroom on the first floor with sink, shower and bath and another luxurious bathroom on the second floor next to the masterbed room (with, sink, shower and toilet). Every floor has a toilet (3 in total) There is a nice closed garden on the southeast. The neighbourhood is quiet and has all facilities nearby. The central station is just a 10 mins walk from the house. Public transportation all night long. We have a very sweet cat, who is outside most of the time and needs little attention.  You will have access to the whole house and garden. We will not be in the house but will be available if needed The whole house and garden. In principle only at the start and leave. The Amste","The Amsterdam-North area is a very upcoming neighbourhood, with lots of nice places. It is a little quieter (no trams fi) and more green then the center, but since it is only 1km from the center the city-dynamics can be found real easy.",Very central located and all kinds of Public transportation are available (24x7) Also free car parking available!!!,"Strictly NO SMOKING INSIDE, NO PARTIES, no pets. House Rules 1. Please treat the house as if it were your own, and keep in mind you have neighbours. 2. The house is a regular home not an after hours club, so no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc. In case of complaints from neighbours and/or owners, we have the right to remove you from the house. Police will fine at your expense when complaints are made after 23:00 or before 09:00. 3. At time of departure: make sure the house is tidy, the dishes are done, all the rubbish is bagged and left in the garden and that the ovens and fridge are clean. If the apartment is found not to reach these requirements, an additional cleaning fee of at least €50 will be deducted from your deposit. 4. Smoking of any kind is not allowed in the house, only in the garden. We will fine €100 for smoking plus any associated cleaning costs. 5. Drugs are not allowed in the house. 6. Pets are not allowed in the house. 7. All keys must be returned upon departu"
