"We offer families  to stay in our lovely, spacious modern house. 150m2. From half july till the end of july It has a patio along an canal, a balcony on first floor, a garage. A very well equipped kitchen, a fine bathroom with walk in shower and bath. All modern, white, two toilets. Three bedrooms, living room and working room.  Close to tram 26 which takes you right into the city centre. And close to beach of Blijburg and large park Diemerpark. Also close to lovely village of Muiden.","We offer you to stay in our lovely, spacious modern house.  It has a patio along a canal, a balcony on first floor, a garage. A very well equipped Bulthaup kitchen, a fine bathroom with walk in shower and bath. All modern, white, two toilets. The ceilings downstairs are 4 meters high, because it is build as a ""Herenhuis"" like in former Amsterdam.  It is about 150 m2, has 3 bedrooms, a wide livingroom with open kitchen. And a large workingroom downstairs connecting to the patio, where also a person could sleep. A babybed is also available.  Also it has a garage. The entrance is on a gated inner-square.  Our house is on the edge of Amsterdam, IJburg. But it has good connections: with streetcar/tram 26 it is a straight line, 20 minutes from Central Station. So you can go into the busy centr easlily and just as easy come back and relax. IJburg has shops, supermarkets and nice restaurants too! It has a small harbour from which you can take a ferry to the famous Pampus island.  Our house is ","We offer families  to stay in our lovely, spacious modern house. 150m2. From half july till the end of july It has a patio along an canal, a balcony on first floor, a garage. A very well equipped kitchen, a fine bathroom with walk in shower and bath. All modern, white, two toilets. Three bedrooms, living room and working room.  Close to tram 26 which takes you right into the city centre. And close to beach of Blijburg and large park Diemerpark. Also close to lovely village of Muiden. We offer you to stay in our lovely, spacious modern house.  It has a patio along a canal, a balcony on first floor, a garage. A very well equipped Bulthaup kitchen, a fine bathroom with walk in shower and bath. All modern, white, two toilets. The ceilings downstairs are 4 meters high, because it is build as a ""Herenhuis"" like in former Amsterdam.  It is about 150 m2, has 3 bedrooms, a wide livingroom with open kitchen. And a large workingroom downstairs connecting to the patio, where also a person could sl","Great neighborhood, house on the water and close to city beach Blijburg, great park Diemerpark next-door, nice shops, tennis court, old Town of Muiden nearby",Tram line 26 on 6 minutes walking distance takes u right into central station in 15 minutes and onto line 10 ( to Leidseplein) in 10 minutes,"No smoking in the house. No parties, due to the neighbors."
