,"In the heart of Amsterdam's ""De Pijp""  A beautifully apartment is waiting for you!  In trendy and lively neighborhood de Pijp. De Pijp is very close, walking-distance, to the city center and some of the most famous museums (like Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum), the Concert Hall, the Sarphatipark and the Vondelpark. and the coziest bars and restaurants of Amsterdam.  Public transport is less than a minute from the apartment, and you’ll find a number of rent-a-bike’s nearby to discover Amsterdam the Amsterdam-way. within 5 minutes you already in the center of Amsterdam (Utrecht straat, Rembrandt plein, Dam square) It takes about 15 minutes by tram to get to the Central Train Station.  Equipped with everything you need for your stay: from high-speed WiFi Internet, DVD, cable TV, and the essential Nespresso coffee machine  The apartment features equipped kitchen with fridge, microwave, oven, and everything else you will need for cooking as you do at home. Very conveniently, a major supermarket a","In the heart of Amsterdam's ""De Pijp""  A beautifully apartment is waiting for you!  In trendy and lively neighborhood de Pijp. De Pijp is very close, walking-distance, to the city center and some of the most famous museums (like Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum), the Concert Hall, the Sarphatipark and the Vondelpark. and the coziest bars and restaurants of Amsterdam.  Public transport is less than a minute from the apartment, and you’ll find a number of rent-a-bike’s nearby to discover Amsterdam the Amsterdam-way. within 5 minutes you already in the center of Amsterdam (Utrecht straat, Rembrandt plein, Dam square) It takes about 15 minutes by tram to get to the Central Train Station.  Equipped with everything you need for your stay: from high-speed WiFi Internet, DVD, cable TV, and the essential Nespresso coffee machine  The apartment features equipped kitchen with fridge, microwave, oven, and everything else you will need for cooking as you do at home. Very conveniently, a major supermarket a",De Pijp is THE place to be. Cosy & vivid!,Tram or Uber,"1) Don't take the party home 2) No smoking in the house.  3) No pets allowed  4) No unexpected guests without prior notice.  5) Checkin time is flexible and we can talk about checkout time, depending on the next guests who are coming  6) No loud music after 21:00"
