"Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center","Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center with breakfast included. The room is very well connected by public transportations day and night also with the airport.  The room is also provided with mini fridge, microwaves and water boiler. PLS PAY ATTENTION TO THE FOLLOWING INFO:   1) I rent private rooms and not the entire apartment, I need to live in the same apartment by law 2) The bathroom is shared. 3) There is no use of kitchen 4) For hygienical reasons and to give the chance to the guests to have more meals beside the breakfast,  I supply only disposable cutlery and disposable tablewear High speed WiFi connection available included in the price. Use of laptop for guests only included in the price. There is a parking area downstairs and the price is 14 euros per day. Night and sunday it is free. I am regularly subscribed at the Chamber of Commerce. The accommodation is located in the Amsterdam Nieuw-West","Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center with breakfast included. The room is very well connected by public transportations day and night also with the airport.  The room is also provided with mini fridge, microwaves and water boiler. PLS PAY ATTENTION TO THE FOLLOWING INFO:   1) I rent private rooms and not the entire apartment, I need to live in the same apartment by law 2) The bathroom is shared. 3) There is no use of kitchen 4) For hygienical reasons and to give the chance to the guests to have more meals beside the breakfast,  I supply only disposable cutlery and disposable tablewear High speed WiFi connection available included in the price. Use of laptop for guests only included in the price. There is a parking area downstairs and the price is 14 euros per day. Night and sunday",,,All the other facilities that you see in the images are included  and they are private
