"This elegant, luxurious apartment in cosy central Oud-West is the perfect home to explore the city. With lovely large living room, kitchen equipped with your every need, balcony, rain shower, huge 2p bed; great stay guaranteed","Our home is very a very authentic Amsterdam house, with views of the canal and the houseboats and our vintage interior design. Although the house is quiet and peaceful, you're still close to everything. The apartment feels spacious and luxurious. We have all the luxuries you could wish for in a holiday home, such as  free wifi, a Nespresso coffee machine, a music stereo with iPod/phone plug,  big flatscreen tv with many channels and dvd's to play on your laptop,  a washing machine with laundry detergent, microwave, oven, kitchen supplies, herbs, etcetera.","This elegant, luxurious apartment in cosy central Oud-West is the perfect home to explore the city. With lovely large living room, kitchen equipped with your every need, balcony, rain shower, huge 2p bed; great stay guaranteed Our home is very a very authentic Amsterdam house, with views of the canal and the houseboats and our vintage interior design. Although the house is quiet and peaceful, you're still close to everything. The apartment feels spacious and luxurious. We have all the luxuries you could wish for in a holiday home, such as  free wifi, a Nespresso coffee machine, a music stereo with iPod/phone plug,  big flatscreen tv with many channels and dvd's to play on your laptop,  a washing machine with laundry detergent, microwave, oven, kitchen supplies, herbs, etcetera. The area of Oud West has a unique combination of peace and quiet while being very central and close to everything in Amsterdam. Dam square, Leidse square, Wester Tower, the Jordaan District, the Nine streets, An","The area of Oud West has a unique combination of peace and quiet while being very central and close to everything in Amsterdam. Dam square, Leidse square, Wester Tower, the Jordaan District, the Nine streets, Anne Frank House, Museum Square; everything is just around the corner.","A lot of lovely steets, sights, restaurants and bars are within walking distance from our apartment. There's a bike rental shop around the corner from our home. Also, there's trams leaving from our apartment to anywhere in Amsterdam, and Central Station is close by. It takes about 5 minutes to reach Central Station by bus, 15 by tram. Dam Square is 10 minutes by tram, and Leidse Square is very closeby.",Smoking is allowed on our balcony.
