"Our charming authentic apartment has everything you could wish for during your Amsterdam stay. Close to the Vondelpark,  looking out over the 'Schinkel' (canal) and near important tram stations towards the city centre and Schiphol airport.","Our house is charming and will be the perfect base for your Amsterdam trip. There is more than enough space for two people and you will have the whole apartment to yourselves. Enjoy the garden and the tranquil surroundings, but also the livelyness of the neighborhood and true Amsterdam way of life.","Our charming authentic apartment has everything you could wish for during your Amsterdam stay. Close to the Vondelpark,  looking out over the 'Schinkel' (canal) and near important tram stations towards the city centre and Schiphol airport. Our house is charming and will be the perfect base for your Amsterdam trip. There is more than enough space for two people and you will have the whole apartment to yourselves. Enjoy the garden and the tranquil surroundings, but also the livelyness of the neighborhood and true Amsterdam way of life. During your stay feel free to use all our kitchen appliances and herbs (also don't forget those growing in the yard ;) ) . Furthermore we will make some room in the fridge. There is a BBQ in the garden if you are lucky enough to have good weather. We will try to be there to see to the keys and some information about the house. If we are not nearby, we have close neighbors who shall help where needed. The Old West neighborhood is a typical Amsterdam neigbor",The Old West neighborhood is a typical Amsterdam neigborhood. We are right around the corner from the Kinkerstraat (shopping streeet) and the Vondelpark.  Als handy: there is always (yes really always) parking space right in front of the house.,"Tram 17 (from the Kinkerstraat) and tram 1 (Overtoom) both stop at a 5 minute walk from the house and take you directly to central station, visiting many important tourist attractions on the way. Also handy: being in West there is only short transit time to Schiphol.","We like you to treat our house as if it was your own. We're none smokers so if you would like to smoke, please do in the garden."
