"This beautiful, bright and quiet apartment (60+ m2) sits in a lush green area opposite the Rembrandt park, 5 min from the Vondelpark. Trams and busses ideally located close by. Bike rental just around the corner. A perfect spot to discover the city!","This quiet apartment (originally from 1930) is beautifully situated across from the Rembrandt park and is bright and spacious. It has a private entrance and is situated on the second floor. The open kitchen has everything you need (oven, stove, microwave and a large fridge), including a big dining room table. In the adjecent living room overlooking the park you will find a comfortable couch with flat screen TV and wifi access. Feel free to enjoy our books or play on our guitar! Next to the living room, behind beautiful stained glass sliding doors, is a cosy bedroom with a fantastic view of the park. In the hallway you will find a newly renovated bathroom and separate toilet. There is also a second bedroom with a closet and bedstead and dresser for a baby/toddler. The appartment is equipped with a washingmachine and dryer combination and iron.","This beautiful, bright and quiet apartment (60+ m2) sits in a lush green area opposite the Rembrandt park, 5 min from the Vondelpark. Trams and busses ideally located close by. Bike rental just around the corner. A perfect spot to discover the city! This quiet apartment (originally from 1930) is beautifully situated across from the Rembrandt park and is bright and spacious. It has a private entrance and is situated on the second floor. The open kitchen has everything you need (oven, stove, microwave and a large fridge), including a big dining room table. In the adjecent living room overlooking the park you will find a comfortable couch with flat screen TV and wifi access. Feel free to enjoy our books or play on our guitar! Next to the living room, behind beautiful stained glass sliding doors, is a cosy bedroom with a fantastic view of the park. In the hallway you will find a newly renovated bathroom and separate toilet. There is also a second bedroom with a closet and bedstead and dres","The apartment is situated in a neighbourhood called 'The Baarsjes', close to the Vondelpark area and Oud West. It is an great area with a lot of nice shops, markets, bars and restaurants. The Ten Kate market and food market De Hallen are a great stop over on your way to the centre!","The apartment is ideally located right next to a tram and bus stop and close to the A10, Amsterdam's main highway. Enter the highway within 5 minutes by taking the S106. On the corner there is a shop where you can rent bicycles. The best way to discover Amsterdam! When in Rome..",
