"Beautiful apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, in the well known neighborhood of the Jordaan. Well connected via public transportation. The apartment is situated on the second floor in a very nice, quiet and (child) friendly neighborhood.","The apartment is approximately 65m2 and totally renovated with an new kitchen, including dishwasher, oven/microwave, refrigerator, freezer and stove with 6 gas burners. The spacious bathroom has a rain shower, toilet and a big sink with a lighted mirror. The living room has a comfortable lounge sofa, a big led 3D television (included sport channels). The big three windows at the front of the living room, will give you a view of the child friendly and green street. Between the kitchen and living room is a dining table situated at the window. You can dine with 6 people at this comfy dining table. At the back of the house is the master bedroom. Because it is situated at the back, you'll have a good night sleep. You won't hear the street noises which is very unusual for a apartment situated in the centre of Amsterdam. The bed is very comfortable and has a size of 1.80 x 2.00 Metres (boxspring). It is also possible to wash your clothing in the washing machine and dryer or iron with the iron","Beautiful apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, in the well known neighborhood of the Jordaan. Well connected via public transportation. The apartment is situated on the second floor in a very nice, quiet and (child) friendly neighborhood. The apartment is approximately 65m2 and totally renovated with an new kitchen, including dishwasher, oven/microwave, refrigerator, freezer and stove with 6 gas burners. The spacious bathroom has a rain shower, toilet and a big sink with a lighted mirror. The living room has a comfortable lounge sofa, a big led 3D television (included sport channels). The big three windows at the front of the living room, will give you a view of the child friendly and green street. Between the kitchen and living room is a dining table situated at the window. You can dine with 6 people at this comfy dining table. At the back of the house is the master bedroom. Because it is situated at the back, you'll have a good night sleep. You won't hear the street noises which is ","Two streets away you will find the lovely Westerpark which is a great place for kids to play but also for grownups to have a picknick or enjoy the very nice bars and restaurants. At the last Sunday of each month there is a really nice market. At the end of the street is the Hugo de Groot square where great bars, shops and restaurants are situated. One of the best known streets of the Jordaan neighborhood is located at a 5 minute walk, as well as the Prinsen canal and the Anne Frank museum. The Kalverstraat, which is the biggest shopping street of Amsterdam, is really nearby and at a walking distance of 15 minutes or can be reached by public transportation at the end of our street. If you will walk you must see the 9 streets as well. There are known for the little boutiques full of new designers and brands. It is so cosy!  The new Foodmarket called ' De Hallen'  is also at a 10 minute walking distance. You will find a beautiful designer hotel, a indoor food market and a cinema.","The location of the apartment is unique because it is so well situated in the centre and all the other areas of Amsterdam are very reachable by  public transportation or walking distance. Within a two minute walking distance, you will find tram 3 and 10 which you can take you to the 'Pijp' or to Amsterdam East or South. Busses 18 or 21 that can take you to Leidsesquare or Central station in just 5 minutes.","When you use the dryer, please empty the drawer with water. Do not smoke in the apartment. There are towels and a hairdryer available for your use. Please lock the upstairs doors whenever you leave the apartment."
