Welcome to my home! This light-filled urban apartment is overlooking a canal in the beautiful Amsterdam Oud Zuid;  8 minutes walking to the famous Vondelpark and just 10 minutes by bike to the city center of Amsterdam.,"The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of the building.  LIVING ROOM  Spacious and trendy Living Room with a sofa and super comfy antique arm chair.  KITCHEN AND DINING ROOM  You have full use of my kitchen and dining areas. The home has a well equipped chef's kitchen. Stainless steel appliances including gas stove , fridge, and dishwasher.  BEDROOM Bedroom with a King sized (1.60m) bed and closet. Through this bedroom you can enter the balcony.  BATHROOM In the bathroom you will find the toilet, shower and washing machine.  BALCONY","Welcome to my home! This light-filled urban apartment is overlooking a canal in the beautiful Amsterdam Oud Zuid;  8 minutes walking to the famous Vondelpark and just 10 minutes by bike to the city center of Amsterdam. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of the building.  LIVING ROOM  Spacious and trendy Living Room with a sofa and super comfy antique arm chair.  KITCHEN AND DINING ROOM  You have full use of my kitchen and dining areas. The home has a well equipped chef's kitchen. Stainless steel appliances including gas stove , fridge, and dishwasher.  BEDROOM Bedroom with a King sized (1.60m) bed and closet. Through this bedroom you can enter the balcony.  BATHROOM In the bathroom you will find the toilet, shower and washing machine.  BALCONY All the rooms will be accessible, there is little to hide. Please respect my belongings and the neighbours and we're all good. I will be available for any questions about my beautiful city and regarding the house. My apartment is situated ","My apartment is situated in a friendly neighbourhood, 12 min drive from the Schiphol airport, 10 min walking to the Vondelpark and 10 min biking to some famous museums as the Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum. Leidseplein (square), a.k.a. The entertainment area, is only a short bike, or tram ride away. You can even walk if you like a nice stroll through the park.","A bus and a tram stop are nearby. Tram 2  will take you into the centre , the bus will take you to Schiphol Airport, and a little further there is a metro and a train station.",Please respect my belongings and the neighbours and we're all good. Please only smoke on the balcony.
