"Comfortable apartment in the center of Amsterdam. Two stops from the Central Station by subway. Near all the tourist hot spots. Within walking distance of Rembrandtplein, one minute to Waterlooplein market / Jewish Museum / Hermitage etc.","In the center of Amsterdam and still a peaceful place because the apartment is in the back of the building. downstairs you have access to a kitchen with everything you need, a dining table and the living room has a big screen TV plus DVD surround set. Upstairs you will find the media room with PlayStation 3 and 4 a Nintendo Wii U and 7.1 Blu Ray Surround Set with a big choice of movies. There is also a small terrace where you can eat, drink or smoke. Bathroom complete with double sink and a double shower. Bedroom with a big bed and a second bigger outside terrace. You may use everything provided in the apartment.","Comfortable apartment in the center of Amsterdam. Two stops from the Central Station by subway. Near all the tourist hot spots. Within walking distance of Rembrandtplein, one minute to Waterlooplein market / Jewish Museum / Hermitage etc. In the center of Amsterdam and still a peaceful place because the apartment is in the back of the building. downstairs you have access to a kitchen with everything you need, a dining table and the living room has a big screen TV plus DVD surround set. Upstairs you will find the media room with PlayStation 3 and 4 a Nintendo Wii U and 7.1 Blu Ray Surround Set with a big choice of movies. There is also a small terrace where you can eat, drink or smoke. Bathroom complete with double sink and a double shower. Bedroom with a big bed and a second bigger outside terrace. You may use everything provided in the apartment. Free WiFi through the whole apartment. Media Room with Blu Ray Surround and gaming systems You can always call or e-mail for help or support","The apartment is in the middle of the city center and yet offers the calm of being outside of the city, this is because the apartment is situated at the back of the building. Day and Night life is conveniently situated within minutes walking distance. Bars, restaurants, shopping and groceries are all next door. Bike rental around the corner.","All major subway lines stop at the Waterlooplein station, the apartment is situated above the station. There are also two tram lines that connect to the rest of the city. The apartment is two subway stops from the Central Station. Parking on the street in front of the house or in the big parking garage across the street.",No smoking. No pets. No Party's
