"A warm modern renovated family house, very close (15 minutes by public transport) to the city of Amsterdam.  Accommodates up to 6 people with 2 bathrooms and 4 sleeping rooms. Super market around the corner. Shopping center 10 minutes walking.","A warm spacious modern renovated family house,  close to the centre of Amsterdam and in walking distance from congress centre the RAI. Super market around the corner. The house is available for 6 persons with 4 sleeping rooms and 2 bathrooms. Luxury family house near Amsterdam, in a very child friendly neighbourhood, near the Amstel Park (2 mintues walking) with lots of kids-activities. We won't stay in our house during the stay. Close to the city. But also close to the Amstel Park and the Amsterdamse Bos, supermarket, shopping centre Gelderlandplein. Good public transport facilities. Yes, a bus stop at the opposit of the house Parking is not free. You have to pay from monday till friday between 9.00AM - 19.00PM. The hourly rate is €1,40. If you get a day card then you pay €8,40 per day. You can also park for free, but then you have to walk for about 5 minutes to the car.","A warm modern renovated family house, very close (15 minutes by public transport) to the city of Amsterdam.  Accommodates up to 6 people with 2 bathrooms and 4 sleeping rooms. Super market around the corner. Shopping center 10 minutes walking. A warm spacious modern renovated family house,  close to the centre of Amsterdam and in walking distance from congress centre the RAI. Super market around the corner. The house is available for 6 persons with 4 sleeping rooms and 2 bathrooms. Luxury family house near Amsterdam, in a very child friendly neighbourhood, near the Amstel Park (2 mintues walking) with lots of kids-activities. We won't stay in our house during the stay. Close to the city. But also close to the Amstel Park and the Amsterdamse Bos, supermarket, shopping centre Gelderlandplein. Good public transport facilities. Yes, a bus stop at the opposit of the house Parking is not free. You have to pay from monday till friday between 9.00AM - 19.00PM. The hourly rate is €1,40. If you ","Close to the RAI convention centre (10 min walking) and city centre (10 min by car/bike). But also close to the Amstel Park and the Amsterdamse Bos, supermarket, shopping centre Gelderlandplein. Good public transport facilities.","Yes, a bus stop at the opposit of the house",
