"My spacious apartment (90 m2) is located in the best possible location of the beloved Amsterdam Old South. A living room with balcony which is situated on a diagonal angle so you have a beautiful view of the John Verhulststraat and Banstraat. Addititionally, it has a fully equipped open kitchen, a living room with very comfortable couch, a large dinner table, modern bathroom and 2 bedrooms. Come over and enjoy!","The apartment is located 100 meters from the Cornelis Schuytstraat with its many shops, restaurants and cafes and very close to the Concertgebouw, the Vondelpark and the Museumplein.","My spacious apartment (90 m2) is located in the best possible location of the beloved Amsterdam Old South. A living room with balcony which is situated on a diagonal angle so you have a beautiful view of the John Verhulststraat and Banstraat. Addititionally, it has a fully equipped open kitchen, a living room with very comfortable couch, a large dinner table, modern bathroom and 2 bedrooms. Come over and enjoy! The apartment is located 100 meters from the Cornelis Schuytstraat with its many shops, restaurants and cafes and very close to the Concertgebouw, the Vondelpark and the Museumplein. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. Oud Zuid is central: on one end you have Amsterdam’s nightlife and culture square Leidseplein and on the other Amstelveenseweg that is developing into a t","Oud Zuid is central: on one end you have Amsterdam’s nightlife and culture square Leidseplein and on the other Amstelveenseweg that is developing into a true culinary boulevard. And throughout the neighbourhood, a new bar seems to pop up every week. But for residents, firm favourites remain Vondelpark’s Vondelpark3 and Blauwe Theehuis. The Vondelpark remains Amsterdam’s most densely populated place-to-be whenever the sun shines. Besides this it’s nice to live near one of the greatest overviews of Western Art in the world. Two of the main museums, the Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum. For big shopping streets you can go to the PC Hooftstraat, Jacob Obrechtstraat, Cornelis Schuytstraat and Beethovenstraat.","Tram 2, 5 and 16 go really close by and take you to the city centre in no time.",
