"Beautiful and luxurious grand apartment (135 m2) on the top two stories in Amsterdam with sunny roof terrace and two balconies, three bedrooms, large bathroom and spacious living in trendy west-side area, 10 minute bike ride from Dam Square.  Feel at home and relax in our lovely place!","Beautiful grand appartment (135 m2) in Amsterdam with sunny roof and balcony, three bedrooms, large bathroom and spacious living in trendy west-side area, 10 minute bike ride from Dam Square. We offer our beautiful, very spacious (135 m2) and luxurious appartment in the trendy west side area of Amsterdam, 10 minute bike from the Dam Square.  The two-storey house is on the third and fourth (top) floor of the historic, renovated 30's building and therefore it's very sunny and bright.  On the third floor is a double en-suite living with large kitchen, two balconies (south and north side) and study/bedroom.  On the fourth floor there are two more bedrooms, the luxurious bathroom (walk in shower and seperate bath) and a storage room. There is the entrance of the 35 m2 roof terrace (south) as well.  The area is well connected to he rest of the city (busses, trams, trains, metro), airport and the railway stations and has shops and restaurants nearby. In the west-side of Amsterdam, only a 10 m","Beautiful grand appartment (135 m2) in Amsterdam with sunny roof and balcony, three bedrooms, large bathroom and spacious living in trendy west-side area, 10 minute bike ride from Dam Square. We offer our beautiful, very spacious (135 m2) and luxurious appartment in the trendy west side area of Amsterdam, 10 minute bike from the Dam Square.  The two-storey house is on the third and fourth (top) floor of the historic, renovated 30's building and therefore it's very sunny and bright.  On the third floor is a double en-suite living with large kitchen, two balconies (south and north side) and study/bedroom.  On the fourth floor there are two more bedrooms, the luxurious bathroom (walk in shower and seperate bath) and a storage room. There is the entrance of the 35 m2 roof terrace (south) as well.  The area is well connected to he rest of the city (busses, trams, trains, metro), airport and the railway stations and has shops and restaurants nearby. In the west-side of Amsterdam, only a 10 m","In the west-side of Amsterdam, only a 10 minute bike from the Dam Square is, following the Guardian ""Amsterdam's newest art-buzz neighbourhood, Bos en Lommer"": a young, multi cultural and fore most: sizzling neighbourhood with nice parks, trendy cafes and restaurants and friendly people. Busses and trams stop in front of the house, railway stations are nearby and by bike you're everywhere within minutes. We live behind a lovely, lushy park with terrace.","The area is well connected to he rest of the city (busses, trams, trains, metro), airport and the railway stations and has shops and restaurants nearby. In front of our house trams and busses frequently go straight to the city centre (every 5 to 10 minutes). To reach our house: Best is to take the train from Schiphol Airport in the direction of ""Amsterdam Centraal"" and disembark at ""Amsterdam Sloterdijk"". Trains leave every 10 minutes (below the gates, clearly signed) and you can already buy tickets at the yellow machines when waiting for your luggage.  It will take approx. ten minutes to get at Sloterdijk and there you can either take Tram 12, disembark at Bos en Lommerweg and walk about 300 meters to our house, or take bus 80 or 82 in the direction of Marnixstraat and disembark at stop ""Egidiusstraat"" which is right in front of our house.",
