"This is a unique opportunity to stay in a 70m2 sun-drenched, beautifully decorated apartment in Amsterdam's loveliest neighborhood.","Frans Halsstraat - The Pijp Fully renovated 70m2 sun-drenched one bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor. This is a unique opportunity to stay in a beautifully decorated apartment in Amsterdam's loveliest neighborhood. This property is fully furnished complete with modern new furniture (including bed linen, towels, crockery etc). Open plan living with living room  including Wide screen tv with Netflix, , dining area with large table (seats 6) and fully equipped kitchen including dishwasher, oven, hob and fridge/freezer.  Separate bedroom with built in wardrobes. Separate bathroom with bath, shower and washing machine.  Wooden floor boards and central heating throughout.  It is situated close to the Albert Cuyp Markets & Heineken Brewery located in De Pijp, Amsterdam South. This property is located in the lively area of De Pijp which is the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. De Pijp is brimming with great cafés, restaurants and bars. The Albert Cuyp Market is 1 street awa","This is a unique opportunity to stay in a 70m2 sun-drenched, beautifully decorated apartment in Amsterdam's loveliest neighborhood. Frans Halsstraat - The Pijp Fully renovated 70m2 sun-drenched one bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor. This is a unique opportunity to stay in a beautifully decorated apartment in Amsterdam's loveliest neighborhood. This property is fully furnished complete with modern new furniture (including bed linen, towels, crockery etc). Open plan living with living room  including Wide screen tv with Netflix, , dining area with large table (seats 6) and fully equipped kitchen including dishwasher, oven, hob and fridge/freezer.  Separate bedroom with built in wardrobes. Separate bathroom with bath, shower and washing machine.  Wooden floor boards and central heating throughout.  It is situated close to the Albert Cuyp Markets & Heineken Brewery located in De Pijp, Amsterdam South. This property is located in the lively area of De Pijp which is the most cosmopolitan an",,,
