,"Our house is located at Amsterdam IJburg, a new area of Amsterdam famous for its modern architecture. In one minute from our house you can take public transport which will take you to Amsterdam city centre in 15 minutes. Within walking distance you find a supermarket, a bakery, a butcher, restaurants, a small cosy harbour, a city beach and several parks. The house is directly at the water, where you can swim and enjoy nature. The house is very spacious. For one, it has high ceilings! Furthermore, the house has 4 levels with four bedrooms, one bathroom, a separate toilet, a large livingroom with open kitchen, a terrace with BBQ and a garden at the water. Included in the house is one free parking place available. On the ground floor you find an open kitchen that looks on the livingroom, where there is a large table with space for eight people. The kitchen is very complete, with two fridges, an oven/microwave, coffee machine, quooker and dishwasher. In the livingroom you can enjoy the tv ","Our house is located at Amsterdam IJburg, a new area of Amsterdam famous for its modern architecture. In one minute from our house you can take public transport which will take you to Amsterdam city centre in 15 minutes. Within walking distance you find a supermarket, a bakery, a butcher, restaurants, a small cosy harbour, a city beach and several parks. The house is directly at the water, where you can swim and enjoy nature. The house is very spacious. For one, it has high ceilings! Furthermore, the house has 4 levels with four bedrooms, one bathroom, a separate toilet, a large livingroom with open kitchen, a terrace with BBQ and a garden at the water. Included in the house is one free parking place available. On the ground floor you find an open kitchen that looks on the livingroom, where there is a large table with space for eight people. The kitchen is very complete, with two fridges, an oven/microwave, coffee machine, quooker and dishwasher. In the livingroom you can enjoy the tv ",,"Public transport to centrum of Amsterdam in front of the house, 1 private parking place for 1 car",No smoking. No pets. No use of the boats. Take care of the house like it's your own and enjoy it like we do.
