"Situated in the heart of Amsterdam's antique district, my personal apartment is available for rental in March, April, May, July, August and September.  Attractive and comfortably decorated, it is within walking distance of most major attractions.","Located in central Amsterdam’s antique district, the Spiegel Quartier, amongst Amsterdam’s famous canals, this charming duplex is situated above a ground floor private office/studio on the first and second floors of an historic 18C townhouse. The first floor is divided between a raised seating area with DVD library and iPod docking station, and a lower additional seating area complete with DVD player and Satellite TV, which receives all major channels from the Netherlands, Belgium, the UK, France and Germany among others. Adjacent is a dining area for six under an artist’s concept chandelier and a recently installed modern kitchen with limestone counters and sink.  The bedroom with double bed is on the second, attic floor with exposed beams and bespoke bedroom suite with ample storage for short stays.  The adjoining bathroom/wet room has recently been completely renovated with a large Jacuzzi tub and separate shower.  There is a small terrace with views of the Rijksmuseum towers access","Situated in the heart of Amsterdam's antique district, my personal apartment is available for rental in March, April, May, July, August and September.  Attractive and comfortably decorated, it is within walking distance of most major attractions. Located in central Amsterdam’s antique district, the Spiegel Quartier, amongst Amsterdam’s famous canals, this charming duplex is situated above a ground floor private office/studio on the first and second floors of an historic 18C townhouse. The first floor is divided between a raised seating area with DVD library and iPod docking station, and a lower additional seating area complete with DVD player and Satellite TV, which receives all major channels from the Netherlands, Belgium, the UK, France and Germany among others. Adjacent is a dining area for six under an artist’s concept chandelier and a recently installed modern kitchen with limestone counters and sink.  The bedroom with double bed is on the second, attic floor with exposed beams an","The location of the house is in walking distance to many of Amsterdam’s famous sites.  Musuemplein (home of the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, the Stedelijk Museum for Modern Art and the Concertgebouw) is just five minutes away.  Also nearby are the famous PC Hooftstraat, Amsterdam’s answer to Bond Street and 5th Avenue, and the Leidseplein entertainment area with the Stadsschouwburg and Delamar theaters and numerous cafes and restaurants including the Hard Rock Café.  The Leidsestraat shopping street and the Melkweg and Paradiso concert venues are also in this neighborhood. Canal tours are just 2 minutes away.  The Heineken Experience and the Albert Cuyp market are also within walking distance.","The house is easily reached from the main train station, Centraal Station: it is just a short ride with Tram 1, 2 or 5 to Leidseplein.  From there it is less than a 5-minute walk to the house.  Alternatively for those who would like a direct connection, the 197 Bus from the airport stops at the Rijksmuseum.  The walk to the house us no longer than the one from Leidseplein. Street parking is extremely limited, but there is a parking garage in the street.  Also there are numerous bike rental outlets, one down the street, another around the corner.","No smoking, pets, children or loud noise. Only those renting are allowed access to the house.  No late night parties: This is my home and I and my neighbours are quiet people keeping regular hours.  If you are looking for a flat in which to party at night, this is not the location for you. There is ample storage for guests:  Guests are expected to respect those closets and storage areas marked private.  Guests are expected to clean up after themselves. There are ample waste receptacles:  guests are expected to use them and leave the house as they found it. Guests are requested to report any breakages or damage. No bicycles allowed in the house."
