"Beautiful, cozy, typical Amsterdam apartment which is situated in the very popular neighborhood 'De Pijp'.","De Pijp is a lively area which is known for its fantastic cafés, coffee places, restaurants and bars. The location of the apartment is perfect: it is only a 5 minute walk to the Heineken Brewery, the Albert Cuyp street market, The Royal Concertgebouw, Paradiso, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum. Walking around the neighborhood is a great experience on it's own and other parts of the city are easy reachable. International restaurants, lovely cafés, coffee places and the Sarphatipark are just around the corner. A big supermarket and the tram stop are within 50 meters of the apartment. The tram will lead you straight to, for example, Dam Square, Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, Central Station, the canals, Jordaan, Museum Square, Red Light District and Van Gogh museum. The RAI Congress Centre is also very near and easy to reach: a 10 minute walk or 2 minutes by tram.  There is free internet available (wifi). The apartment situated in a quiet street, has a great atmospheric living room with a bi","Beautiful, cozy, typical Amsterdam apartment which is situated in the very popular neighborhood 'De Pijp'. De Pijp is a lively area which is known for its fantastic cafés, coffee places, restaurants and bars. The location of the apartment is perfect: it is only a 5 minute walk to the Heineken Brewery, the Albert Cuyp street market, The Royal Concertgebouw, Paradiso, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum. Walking around the neighborhood is a great experience on it's own and other parts of the city are easy reachable. International restaurants, lovely cafés, coffee places and the Sarphatipark are just around the corner. A big supermarket and the tram stop are within 50 meters of the apartment. The tram will lead you straight to, for example, Dam Square, Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, Central Station, the canals, Jordaan, Museum Square, Red Light District and Van Gogh museum. The RAI Congress Centre is also very near and easy to reach: a 10 minute walk or 2 minutes by tram.  There is free interne",,,
