,"A renovated one bedroom apartment in the beautiful Oud-Zuid area in Amsterdam. The bright and modern apartment is on the second floor (no upstairs neighbors) of a beautiful 1920's building in ""Amsterdamse School"" style. The interior has been renovated in 2013. The apartment has a spacious kitchen and dining area. The kitchen has modern appliances such as a dishwasher, microwave, oven, etc. There is also a washing machine and dryer. The living area has beautiful and comfortable furniture. There is also a wide screen tv. The cosy bedroom had a double bed. The curtains keep most of the light outside so you can sleep in without any problems. The bathroom has a walk in shower and a separate toilet. The apartment is very close to the up and coming Van Woustraat with lots of nice restaurants. The more posh Utrechtsestraat is also walking distance away. The Amstel train station is near by and there a lot's of public transport facilities that can take you into the city center within 10 minutes.","A renovated one bedroom apartment in the beautiful Oud-Zuid area in Amsterdam. The bright and modern apartment is on the second floor (no upstairs neighbors) of a beautiful 1920's building in ""Amsterdamse School"" style. The interior has been renovated in 2013. The apartment has a spacious kitchen and dining area. The kitchen has modern appliances such as a dishwasher, microwave, oven, etc. There is also a washing machine and dryer. The living area has beautiful and comfortable furniture. There is also a wide screen tv. The cosy bedroom had a double bed. The curtains keep most of the light outside so you can sleep in without any problems. The bathroom has a walk in shower and a separate toilet. The apartment is very close to the up and coming Van Woustraat with lots of nice restaurants. The more posh Utrechtsestraat is also walking distance away. The Amstel train station is near by and there a lot's of public transport facilities that can take you into the city center within 10 minutes.",,"The apartment is walking distance from Amsterdam Amstel trainstation. There a several tram lines that will bring you to the heart of the city or the RAI convention center. It is also possible to rent bike nearby the apartment. An UBER from Schiphol to the Apartment usually costs around €25,- and takes around 20 minutes.",
