,"In the opposite of the Anne Frank House in the Jordaan! Romantic attic (approx 9 m2) and fully equipped luxurious bathroom  on the fourth floor (steep stairs, careful with large suitcases) of our lordhouse in 'the Jordaan', the most beautiful part of the old city centre. You have a private entrance. From the chamber you can enjoy a magnificent view at the facades of the surrounding houses and the ' Westertoren'. The house is situated in a quiet neighbourhood. within walking distance of lots of restaurants, the 'Dam Square', Leidseplein, cinema, etc. The room has a private bathroom. Amenities in the room: a flat screen TV, radio, tea and coffee supplies and a fridge.  Free wifi is available (amplified signal). We do not serve breakfast, but in the immediate vicinity are several places where you can have breakfast more.  Reservations: minimum 2 nights. Price for two persons of 98 euros per night. Attention! Check-in time is standard between 5pm and max 8pm. Our house can be reached by pu","In the opposite of the Anne Frank House in the Jordaan! Romantic attic (approx 9 m2) and fully equipped luxurious bathroom  on the fourth floor (steep stairs, careful with large suitcases) of our lordhouse in 'the Jordaan', the most beautiful part of the old city centre. You have a private entrance. From the chamber you can enjoy a magnificent view at the facades of the surrounding houses and the ' Westertoren'. The house is situated in a quiet neighbourhood. within walking distance of lots of restaurants, the 'Dam Square', Leidseplein, cinema, etc. The room has a private bathroom. Amenities in the room: a flat screen TV, radio, tea and coffee supplies and a fridge.  Free wifi is available (amplified signal). We do not serve breakfast, but in the immediate vicinity are several places where you can have breakfast more.  Reservations: minimum 2 nights. Price for two persons of 98 euros per night. Attention! Check-in time is standard between 5pm and max 8pm. Our house can be reached by pu","Jordaan: gezelligheid, oorspronkelijk, vele restaurants, rust, centraal gelegen en op loopafstand van o.a. De Dam, Leidseplein en het CS.",Tramstop 'Westermarkt' is about 5 minutes from our house. A tram from here to Central Station will take only 8 minutes.,Uit veiligheidsoverwegingen mag er in het gehele huis niet worden gerookt!
