"At Bed&Bike you can use the available bikes whenever you like, or use the kitchen to cook your own meals, and feel like a local! Ideal for travellers who want to live in a peaceful area, live like a local, meet other travellers but be in 10 mins in the centre by bike. The room is private - Bathroom, kitchen and rest of the house are SHARED with me (when I am home) and the other guests who rent the other room (max 2). If you are 4 people you don't need to share anything if you book both rooms.","Do you want to avoid the tourist traps, feel like a local and uncover the hidden gems of Amsterdam while cruising around with your bike? Are you looking for a relaxed stay far from the noise of the city but still want to be 10 mins by bike from the centre? You are on the right place then! Welcome to Bed&Bike, a safe haven filled with love and good energy. I (Stephi) would be more than happy to welcome you & give you plenty of tips on where to go, what to see, eat and drink. I fell in love with this city first, then with this house because of its natural light and quietness: there are no tall buildings around, a partial view on the park on the front side and quiet gardens at the back. I have named it Bed&Bike because instead of breakfast I give Bikes to my guests, provided with 2 locks and working lights (cash deposit of 100 EUR per bike required).  The house is ideally located since you will have a peaceful and comfortable location while also maintaining a city presence. In this area t","At Bed&Bike you can use the available bikes whenever you like, or use the kitchen to cook your own meals, and feel like a local! Ideal for travellers who want to live in a peaceful area, live like a local, meet other travellers but be in 10 mins in the centre by bike. The room is private - Bathroom, kitchen and rest of the house are SHARED with me (when I am home) and the other guests who rent the other room (max 2). If you are 4 people you don't need to share anything if you book both rooms. Do you want to avoid the tourist traps, feel like a local and uncover the hidden gems of Amsterdam while cruising around with your bike? Are you looking for a relaxed stay far from the noise of the city but still want to be 10 mins by bike from the centre? You are on the right place then! Welcome to Bed&Bike, a safe haven filled with love and good energy. I (Stephi) would be more than happy to welcome you & give you plenty of tips on where to go, what to see, eat and drink. I fell in love with thi","I love the west area of Amsterdam because it's quiet, handsome yet full with bustling shopping streets and only a few minutes from the centre. Here, you'll find the Vondelpark and the Rembrandt Park, great shops and the best restaurants in town, street markets as well as elegant mansions, cultural meeting points and excellent terraces.","The airport can be reached really quickly (20-30 mins) by taxi or by public transport (train to Lelylaan Station 8 mins, then tram 17, only 7 mins). If you arrive at Central Station, get tram 17 (20-30 mins) You can use the available bikes and reach any place in the city between 5 and 50 mins.  If you don't feel like cycling you can get tram 17 or 7, the stop is only a couple of minutes away; bus 15 and 18 are also 2 minutes walk from the door.","Prior to your arrival I need to know train/flight details, full name on passport & direct contact (mail + phone)  At check in you will register and give passport/id number and your residence address Smoking, pets or drugs NOT allowed in the house No shoes in the apartment (slippers provided) Respect the neighbourhood Clean table, kitchen, sink and shower after use Recycle glass, paper and plastic in the apposite boxes Lock doors and windows when leaving the house and the building No TV after midnight (except if you use your own headphones)"
