"Quiet and tranquility. The houseboat is a bit of a distance from Amsterdam centre, so  you can escape the hustle and bustle after a packed day of exploring and have peace and tranquillity at the apartment, chilling with the birds and water.","Are you looking for a comfortable apartment for 2 people? Our apartment is a self-contained part of a water villa. It has a living room and open plan kitchen with all modern equipment. The living room has patio doors directly to the water. On the ground floor there is a bathroom and bedroom with a double bed. There is also a garden which you can use.  We provide clean linen and towels.There is free Wifi (fiber) available. The apartment is equipped with central heating with thermostat, the kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances. Coffee and tea are included, microwave hot air oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, washing-machine, hairdryer and tv are at your disposal. Netflix  available . The apartment is fully self-contained and is situated on the ecological structure around Amsterdam. We care about the environment, to save energy the water villa’s electricity is mainly powered by solar panels. In the surrounding area there is space for long walks, jogging and cycling. The apartment","Quiet and tranquility. The houseboat is a bit of a distance from Amsterdam centre, so  you can escape the hustle and bustle after a packed day of exploring and have peace and tranquillity at the apartment, chilling with the birds and water. Are you looking for a comfortable apartment for 2 people? Our apartment is a self-contained part of a water villa. It has a living room and open plan kitchen with all modern equipment. The living room has patio doors directly to the water. On the ground floor there is a bathroom and bedroom with a double bed. There is also a garden which you can use.  We provide clean linen and towels.There is free Wifi (fiber) available. The apartment is equipped with central heating with thermostat, the kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances. Coffee and tea are included, microwave hot air oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, washing-machine, hairdryer and tv are at your disposal. Netflix  available . The apartment is fully self-contained and is situated on th",Quiet and tranquility,"Public transport is nearby, tram line 1, bus 145  are only 5 minutes walk. Tram line 1 take you in about 25 minutes to the center of Amsterdam. Bus 69 will bring you in 20 minutes to Schiphol airport. Free parking in front of the aparment. Free Bikes available.",No smoking allowed.  Check-in 16:00 check-out 11:00. We hope you have a pleasant stay with us.
