Our lovely studio apartment is located near the city center in a quiet neighborhood. Enjoy the view on the canal while having your breakfast in this well equipped studio. Walk to the major museums or the city center in 10 minutes.,"Clean studio with lovely view on the canal very near city center. The studio has a private entrance. Guests have access to free wifi internet & cable TV included. There is a two person/double bed, kitchenette with utensils and stove, an electric kettle and coffee machine, a refridgerator, a separate (private) bathroom ensuite (with bath and separate shower), central heating. It is close to all major tourist attractions (Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, in walking distance of Leidseplein and the three major canals). Public transport is around the corner (tram 3,12,7 and 17) and busstation Marnixstraat in walking distance.  The studio itself is in walking distance of the city center. Bellavista is a studio apartment, located on the Da Costakade in the 'Oud-West' (old West area) of Amsterdam. The apartment building was built in 1887. The studio is located on the first floor on the canal side of the building. It is in walking distance from the city center, and only three tramstops away from t","Our lovely studio apartment is located near the city center in a quiet neighborhood. Enjoy the view on the canal while having your breakfast in this well equipped studio. Walk to the major museums or the city center in 10 minutes. Clean studio with lovely view on the canal very near city center. The studio has a private entrance. Guests have access to free wifi internet & cable TV included. There is a two person/double bed, kitchenette with utensils and stove, an electric kettle and coffee machine, a refridgerator, a separate (private) bathroom ensuite (with bath and separate shower), central heating. It is close to all major tourist attractions (Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, in walking distance of Leidseplein and the three major canals). Public transport is around the corner (tram 3,12,7 and 17) and busstation Marnixstraat in walking distance.  The studio itself is in walking distance of the city center. Bellavista is a studio apartment, located on the Da Costakade in the 'Oud-West' (",,"Public transport is just around the corner, tram 7, 17, 12 and 3 will take you all across the city.",Please no smoking.
