,"Comfortable and peaceful one-room studio with adjacent own kitchen, own toilet and own shower. Only the stairs up to the studio are shared by the house owners. The studio is situated in the Bellamybuurt, a lovely part of Amsterdam Oud-West, an easy-going and friendly neighborhood with a nice mix of new interesting developments vs. old-style architecture. Famous and very nearby are De Hallen, an nineteenth-century tram depot, converted into a huge food court, an art film cinema, shops etc. De Hallen foodstalls and the neighborhood have people from many ethnic backgrounds. The Ten Kate-markt, the local outdoor market is just around the corner of the street, and is great for fresh produce, bread, juice, flowers, etc. Oud-West is filled with nice cafes, small bakeries, lunchrooms, outdoor terraces, shops, stores, greenery and trees. The tram stop is around the corner of Ten Kate-markt. The studio has its own entrance, you just share the communal stairs, but do not have to cross any persona","Comfortable and peaceful one-room studio with adjacent own kitchen, own toilet and own shower. Only the stairs up to the studio are shared by the house owners. The studio is situated in the Bellamybuurt, a lovely part of Amsterdam Oud-West, an easy-going and friendly neighborhood with a nice mix of new interesting developments vs. old-style architecture. Famous and very nearby are De Hallen, an nineteenth-century tram depot, converted into a huge food court, an art film cinema, shops etc. De Hallen foodstalls and the neighborhood have people from many ethnic backgrounds. The Ten Kate-markt, the local outdoor market is just around the corner of the street, and is great for fresh produce, bread, juice, flowers, etc. Oud-West is filled with nice cafes, small bakeries, lunchrooms, outdoor terraces, shops, stores, greenery and trees. The tram stop is around the corner of Ten Kate-markt. The studio has its own entrance, you just share the communal stairs, but do not have to cross any persona",,,
