"Beautiful Amsterdam! Welcome in our groundfloor comfi guest room at the BEST LOCATION in Amsterdam (old) city center (most charming Jordaan!) comes with a wild power shower, a small green garden, one two persons kingsize bed (lits jumeauxs) , etc. Of course tea/coffee, wifi, fridge, etc. Exceptional location: your place is at the calm backside of the building like you live in a forest, but at the front there is literally all the city highlights in your face!","Location: best location in town, the Jordaan, the most charming place of the central city. And as the room is ground floor at the backside, the place is calm to sleep and the city buzz starts right at the front side of the building. Not to miss the private green garden to chill. Place and garden is 100% drugs free.","Beautiful Amsterdam! Welcome in our groundfloor comfi guest room at the BEST LOCATION in Amsterdam (old) city center (most charming Jordaan!) comes with a wild power shower, a small green garden, one two persons kingsize bed (lits jumeauxs) , etc. Of course tea/coffee, wifi, fridge, etc. Exceptional location: your place is at the calm backside of the building like you live in a forest, but at the front there is literally all the city highlights in your face! Location: best location in town, the Jordaan, the most charming place of the central city. And as the room is ground floor at the backside, the place is calm to sleep and the city buzz starts right at the front side of the building. Not to miss the private green garden to chill. Place and garden is 100% drugs free. The entry (key), the room, in the room your private bathroom and toilet, the private garden, coffee & tea facilities and fridge, wifi/tv/dvd, kingsize bed, etc.    NB Our neighbours in the street have the best restaurant","Most charming part of central Amsterdam (Jordaan) with many restaurants, pubs (on the corner of every street!) and terraces but also the most charming 9 shopping streets `9 straatjes` on fifty meter: the cityglam. Close to highlights like Anne Frank, Westertoren, Begijnhof, several musea and also Museum Square and Vondelpark. Walking distance of all the musea and of course the Noordermarket: fancy hip market on Monday morning and Saturday.","We are extremely well connected to the Schiphol Airport (bus 397 every 10 minutes to our place without step over and for only 4 euros!) and even Keukenhof and the beach Zandvoort aan Zee. Also, tram 17 takes you to the train station every 10 minutes. Once you are here, every highlight is on walking distance.","Live here like it is your own place. Keep it nice and neat.  Tell us if you need something and or if you miss something.  We continue to invest to make the place nicer and more beautiful. If you have suggestions, do not hesitate to share them with us.   And if you are an artist: how can we make the room nicer:) No parties, no smoking & no drugs."
