"The location of our appartment is superb. When you open the door you are a few steps away from the famous Vondelpark, which has a festival atmosphere during the summer. In our street, you can find several bars and restao","The location is fantastic. You will love the neighbourhood. Believe me, it's better than the heart of the centre next to the canals where you only find tourists. If you want to see the real Amsterdam, come to my appartment!! The Vondelpark is overwhelming in summer when many people relax there after work or visit small concerts.","The location of our appartment is superb. When you open the door you are a few steps away from the famous Vondelpark, which has a festival atmosphere during the summer. In our street, you can find several bars and restao The location is fantastic. You will love the neighbourhood. Believe me, it's better than the heart of the centre next to the canals where you only find tourists. If you want to see the real Amsterdam, come to my appartment!! The Vondelpark is overwhelming in summer when many people relax there after work or visit small concerts. - Private room (12 square meters)  - Full equipped Kitchen  - Living room with television and dining table  - Bathroom You'll receive a general information map (PDF file) by email if you have made a reservation. This document is will be handed out in person as well. I'll be at the apartment during your stay. Our apartment consist of three private rooms, one living room, one bathroom and one kitchen. Me and one other dutch mate will be hosting y","The neighbourhood might be the best in Amsterdam, though this depends on your taste. It's not too busy like the centre, but it has everything the centre has as well, including many bars (e.g. the typical dutch bar 'Hans' in our street) and very good restaurants (e.g. the expensive michelin restaurant 'Ron's gastrobar' or cheaper food places). On top of that, in front of the appartment you will find the famous Vondelpark. The best place for a picnic or a   nice walk in the evening. ","In order of recommendation: - Schiphol bus station  Take bus 197 from the main bus station at Schiphol airport and get off the bus at stop 'Haarlemmermeerstation' (± 25 minutes). Cross the roundabout and walk to the junction with Amstelveenseweg – Koninginneweg or Zeilstraat. Continue your way into the Amstelveenseweg and cross some shops and bars to the junction with the Vondelpark entrance and you have arrived! Bus ticket: € 2.60 per person - Amsterdam Central Station  Take a direct train from Schiphol to Amsterdam Central Station. There are two tram stations at Amsterdam Central Station so be careful to walk to the right one. You have to take tram 1 (direction: Osdorp de Aker). Please get off the tram at stop 'Overtoomsesluis' (15-20 minutes). Walk to the water, but don’t cross the bridge. Go around the corner and you are actually at the Amstelveenseweg where my apartment is situated. Walk to the junction with the Vondelpark entrance and you have arrived! Train ticket: € 4.00 per pe",- You are not allowed to smoke inside the house - No loud noise after 10pm  - It's spotlessly clean and please keep it that way.
