"'Best of Both Worlds' - new, renovated grond floor apartment, close to Amsterdam Forest, with easy access to everything, via public transport (bus stop 150m) and 2 free bikes available! Spacious apt. with all mod coms, new bathroom, kitchen, etc. Free WIFI.","Newly renovated, tastefully furnished apartment with separate entrance, with all conveniences: spacious living room with dining area, free Internet (WiFi), TV; kitchen with all modern appliances, incl. microwave oven, dishwasher & washing machine; restful bedroom with night tables, chairs, large closet with shelves, clothes rail and storage, with iron, ironing board, drying rack; new bathroom incl. full bath with shower, toilet, washbasin. Hairdryer available. Small terrace garden. Free use of bikes! Free parking in the next block! Electric charging station for hybrid & electric autos 20 meters from the apt.","'Best of Both Worlds' - new, renovated grond floor apartment, close to Amsterdam Forest, with easy access to everything, via public transport (bus stop 150m) and 2 free bikes available! Spacious apt. with all mod coms, new bathroom, kitchen, etc. Free WIFI. Newly renovated, tastefully furnished apartment with separate entrance, with all conveniences: spacious living room with dining area, free Internet (WiFi), TV; kitchen with all modern appliances, incl. microwave oven, dishwasher & washing machine; restful bedroom with night tables, chairs, large closet with shelves, clothes rail and storage, with iron, ironing board, drying rack; new bathroom incl. full bath with shower, toilet, washbasin. Hairdryer available. Small terrace garden. Free use of bikes! Free parking in the next block! Electric charging station for hybrid & electric autos 20 meters from the apt. The whole ground floor is your private apartment, with separate outside entrance from the small front terrace on the street si","I have loved living here in my neighbourhood for the past 30 years! We call our guest apartment 'the Best of Both Worlds', because of its perfect location - a combination of Nature at your doorstep and Culture just minutes away. The Amsterdam Forest is the best place to 'get away from it all' - for many years I have enjoyed biking, walking and riding horses through the Forest, and I still do! There are various horse stables and riding schools in the area. You can also rent canoes, or watch a hockey or cricket match, or have a picnic, visit the the Goat farm for homemade goat cheese, or ice cream, take a tour of the waterways on the 'whisper boat' (quiet electric boat) etc. - and much more - too much to list here. AND - on the culture side - direct express buses to Amsterdam are also right on the doorstep, so all the cultural and tourist pleasures of this fantastic city are reached in just minutes. In the other direction, a 10 min bus ride takes you to Amstelveen - with museums: the Cob","Super handy public transport - 150 m. down the street is the bus stop - quick direct access to central Amsterdam, the museum district, etc, as well as excellent connections to the WTC business district and RAI congress center, and in the other direction to Amstelveen. You can also use our 2 free bikes! Bus schedules and maps are available in the apartment. If you come by car - you won't really need it, except for excursions outside of Amsterdam. Free parking in the next block (Amstelveen)! Just find a parking space, and you can leave your car there safely, day and night. All our guests with cars have used this option, to their complete satisfaction.","Please respect our house and our neighbours, by refraining from having loud parties or making too much noise after 11 p.m. Please treat the apartment and its furnishings with respect, as well. Some simple house rules are available on paper in the apartment. We prefer guests over 28 years of age. Sorry, but no pets are allowed. Smoking is only allowed outside in the garden/terrace. Please use the ashtrays provided. Thank you!"
