"The apartment is located in the neighborhood called ""Oud-West"" and is known for the great location right next to the famous Voldelpark and cosy restaurants. The apartment is situated on a ten minute walk from the leidse square. ","The apartment is located in the neighborhood called ""Oud-West"" and is known for the great location right next to the famous Voldelpark and cosy restaurants. The apartment is situated on a ten minute walk from the leidse square. Within a one minute walk you will find a bakery, a supermarket and a night store. The layout of the apartment is really comfortable; it has a clean and neat bathroom with a bath and separate shower cell, a 50 sqm big living room with open kitchen and the bedroom is situated in the ""old"" garden house which is fully renovated into a romantic master bedroom. The apartment is fully equipped with all modern basics as: dishwasher, washing machine, central heating, cable tv, WiFi, Nespresso, oven/microwave and more. The public transit is just around the corner, the trams and busses make a stopover every 5 to 10 minutes, from central station it’s a 15 minute ride with tram line 1. Do you want to live like the locals do in Amsterdam? Within a ten minute reach of the city","The apartment is located in the neighborhood called ""Oud-West"" and is known for the great location right next to the famous Voldelpark and cosy restaurants. The apartment is situated on a ten minute walk from the leidse square.  The apartment is located in the neighborhood called ""Oud-West"" and is known for the great location right next to the famous Voldelpark and cosy restaurants. The apartment is situated on a ten minute walk from the leidse square. Within a one minute walk you will find a bakery, a supermarket and a night store. The layout of the apartment is really comfortable; it has a clean and neat bathroom with a bath and separate shower cell, a 50 sqm big living room with open kitchen and the bedroom is situated in the ""old"" garden house which is fully renovated into a romantic master bedroom. The apartment is fully equipped with all modern basics as: dishwasher, washing machine, central heating, cable tv, WiFi, Nespresso, oven/microwave and more. The public transit is just a",It's is close to the Vondelpark and 10 minutes (with the tram)  to the city centre. But it is a quiet neighbourhood. ,The tram stops one block away (a 2 minute walk). ,No smoking inside the house. No noise on the roofterrace after 0:00hrs(lets all be kind to our neighbors:).
