"DUE TO POSSIBLE NOISE DISTURBANCE FOR NEIGHBOURS: we only rent to families / older couples. Thanks for your understanding. Een ruim, licht en comfortabel appartement zeer geschikt voor vakantie of tijdens werk bij de RAI. Het grote dakterras heeft de hele dag zon. Centraal gelegen, goede OV verbindingen + een winkelstraat met cafe's om de hoek. Gelegen in een rustige wijk met veel gezinnen. Let op: trappen aanwezig!","Our very comfortable and spacious apartment is ideal for a holiday or while working at RAI. The big rooftop terrace is a great place for breakfast/lunch/diner in the sun! Two bedrooms with double beds.  Our spacious apartment has all the comfort you need. Enjoy sunny mornings with a breakfast on the rooftop terrace or relax on the sofa and watch a movie on Netflix. Maximum of 4 persons a night. We are located in the south of amsterdam, called Rivierenbuurt (Riverneighborhood). It is a central location and just a 5 minute walk to the famous Pijp area or 10 minutes by bike to the Dam square. Our street is a quiet and calm street which is nice when you want to get some rest from the crowded city center. We are surrounded by bakeries, cafe's and supermarkets. A very cozy neighborhood with everything you need.  Public transport connections are around the corner. Take a tram or bus to the city center or train stations. The best way to get around is to rent a bike!","DUE TO POSSIBLE NOISE DISTURBANCE FOR NEIGHBOURS: we only rent to families / older couples. Thanks for your understanding. Een ruim, licht en comfortabel appartement zeer geschikt voor vakantie of tijdens werk bij de RAI. Het grote dakterras heeft de hele dag zon. Centraal gelegen, goede OV verbindingen + een winkelstraat met cafe's om de hoek. Gelegen in een rustige wijk met veel gezinnen. Let op: trappen aanwezig! Our very comfortable and spacious apartment is ideal for a holiday or while working at RAI. The big rooftop terrace is a great place for breakfast/lunch/diner in the sun! Two bedrooms with double beds.  Our spacious apartment has all the comfort you need. Enjoy sunny mornings with a breakfast on the rooftop terrace or relax on the sofa and watch a movie on Netflix. Maximum of 4 persons a night. We are located in the south of amsterdam, called Rivierenbuurt (Riverneighborhood). It is a central location and just a 5 minute walk to the famous Pijp area or 10 minutes by bike to","We are located in the south of amsterdam, called Rivierenbuurt (Riverneighborhood). It is a central location and just a 5 minute walk to the famous Pijp area or 10 minutes by bike to the Dam square. Our street is a quiet and calm street which is nice when you want to get some rest from the crowded city center. We are surrounded by bakeries, cafe's and supermarkets. A very cozy neighborhood with everything you need.",Public transport connections are around the corner. Take a tram or bus to the city center or train stations. The best way to get around is to rent a bike!,We would like to inform you that it is not allowed to use or be under the influence of any kind of drugs.
