Brand new duplex apartment (90m²) in the centre of Amsterdam. On the 3th and 4th floor this apartment offers the perfect hiding place in the city. Parking possibilities are in front of the apartment and public transport around the corner. Nearby hotspots are the ArtisZoo and brewery 't IJ',The first floor has a new kitchen including a bar. The spacious living room has a big dinner table. Because of the large windows the room is always filled with light. The large balcony offers a nice place outside to relax in the afternoon sun. On the first floor you can find the bathroom and a 2nd bedroom with lots of storage space.  The second floor is the master bedroom with a king size bed. Next to the entrance there is a little separate storage room where you can find the washing machine. ,Brand new duplex apartment (90m²) in the centre of Amsterdam. On the 3th and 4th floor this apartment offers the perfect hiding place in the city. Parking possibilities are in front of the apartment and public transport around the corner. Nearby hotspots are the ArtisZoo and brewery 't IJ' The first floor has a new kitchen including a bar. The spacious living room has a big dinner table. Because of the large windows the room is always filled with light. The large balcony offers a nice place outside to relax in the afternoon sun. On the first floor you can find the bathroom and a 2nd bedroom with lots of storage space.  The second floor is the master bedroom with a king size bed. Next to the entrance there is a little separate storage room where you can find the washing machine. As a guest you have access to Wi-Fi and digital television.  At arrival there will be someone to hand you the keys and show you around in the apartment. In case of emergency this person can help you out during y,"The neighbourhood is lively and offers a lot of nice possibilities to enjoy your day. Going to the Dapper market, brewery 't IJ, watching the windmill, walking around the canals or doing some sightseeing on the industrial architecture KNSM island. Because the apartment is so close to the busy city centre, there are tons of new and hip places to go out. For example clubs like TROUW and Panama are just around the corner. There is an arthouse cinema (StudioK), some good restaurants (Pompstation, Wilde Zwijnen, Mercat, BAUT) and a lot of very busy (cocktail)bars (Biertuin, Henry's cocktailbar). ","Within 50m you can find several public transport possibilities that can take you to Leidseplein, Central Station, Albert Cuijp market, Heineken brewery and all the other hotspots of Amsterdam. The best and easiest way to explore the city.",The apartment is in a nice neighboorhood so please behave accordingly.  Smoking is NOT allowed anywhere in the apartment. For smoking full deposit will be charged for cleaning.  Sorry but no pets area allowed.  For sanitary reasons there will be no food items in the kitchen when you arrive but the closest supermarket is only 200m away and it's open untill 22:00hrs/10pm
