Very suitable for families with children,"Spacious two-story apartment on the corner of the Jordaan and Westerpark, walking distance (10 minutes) to Anne-Frank museum and famous Grachtengordel. The apartment is located in a quiet street on the third floor (no lift).  On the third floor the entrance will lead you to a spacious living room and a modern new kitchen, with big oven and espresso machine. On the fourth floor there are four bedrooms. The main bedroom has a Hästens king size bed (2.10m by 2.10m), the guest room has a double bed. The third room has a double bed as well. There is a small bed available for children and a bedstead for a baby/toddler. The pictures are from right after we renewed both the third and fourth floor. All the rooms have curtains and are decorated now. The stairs on the fourth floor lead to our roof terrace which is fully furnished with ao a big lounge bench, a dining table, a sand box, a BBQ and a garden fireplace.  The roof terrace has an amazing view of the city.  Amsterdam is one of the best pa","Very suitable for families with children Spacious two-story apartment on the corner of the Jordaan and Westerpark, walking distance (10 minutes) to Anne-Frank museum and famous Grachtengordel. The apartment is located in a quiet street on the third floor (no lift).  On the third floor the entrance will lead you to a spacious living room and a modern new kitchen, with big oven and espresso machine. On the fourth floor there are four bedrooms. The main bedroom has a Hästens king size bed (2.10m by 2.10m), the guest room has a double bed. The third room has a double bed as well. There is a small bed available for children and a bedstead for a baby/toddler. The pictures are from right after we renewed both the third and fourth floor. All the rooms have curtains and are decorated now. The stairs on the fourth floor lead to our roof terrace which is fully furnished with ao a big lounge bench, a dining table, a sand box, a BBQ and a garden fireplace.  The roof terrace has an amazing view of t",,,"No smoking No parties No loud noise, since we have a lot of neighbours"
