"Big apartment at 2nd floor, at walking distance (5 minutes) to the centre. The apartment has a big living room, a very modern kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom with shower, bath and separate toilet. Equipped with children's bed as well. Also a nice balcony.","Big apartment at 2nd floor, at walking distance (5 minutes) to the centre. The apartment has a big living room, a very modern kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom with shower, bath and separate toilet. Equipped with children's bed as well. Also a nice balcony. The apartment is 125 sqm at one level, unique in Amsterdam. The rooms are all big. There is a children's bedroom with two beds (one adult bed and one children's bed). The master bedroom is equipped with a bid two-persons bed. The third bedroom is equipped with a comfortable sleeping couch.  Next to the big living room is an open modern kitchen, luxury equipped with all you need. Guests have access to all the rooms in the apartment. The Spaarndammerbuurt is a very cosy area with a great diversity. It's ""very Amsterdams"" and famous for its caracteristical buildings from the School of Amsterdam. Actually our building is a little bit older, from 1910 (renovated in 2008) which will give you the real Amsterdam experience! In the Spaarndammers","Big apartment at 2nd floor, at walking distance (5 minutes) to the centre. The apartment has a big living room, a very modern kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom with shower, bath and separate toilet. Equipped with children's bed as well. Also a nice balcony. Big apartment at 2nd floor, at walking distance (5 minutes) to the centre. The apartment has a big living room, a very modern kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom with shower, bath and separate toilet. Equipped with children's bed as well. Also a nice balcony. The apartment is 125 sqm at one level, unique in Amsterdam. The rooms are all big. There is a children's bedroom with two beds (one adult bed and one children's bed). The master bedroom is equipped with a bid two-persons bed. The third bedroom is equipped with a comfortable sleeping couch.  Next to the big living room is an open modern kitchen, luxury equipped with all you need. Guests have access to all the rooms in the apartment. The Spaarndammerbuurt is a very cosy area with a great d","The Spaarndammerbuurt is a very cosy area with a great diversity. It's ""very Amsterdams"" and famous for its caracteristical buildings from the School of Amsterdam. Actually our building is a little bit older, from 1910 (renovated in 2008) which will give you the real Amsterdam experience! In the Spaarndammerstraat are shops, pubs with terraces, supermarkets and more. At the other side of our apartment is the Westerpark, one of the most beautiful and popular parks of Amsterdam.  Popular places like the Anne Frank house, the 9 (shopping) streets, Vondelpark and Museum Square are easy to reach with public transportation or by bike. ",The bus stops in front of the apartment. Public transport takes 8 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station (city centre) and about 30 minutes to Schiphol Airport.,Act and behave like it's you're own house!
