"This bright apartement is a stylish starting point for the best of the Jordaan. 4 guests can easily enjoy the spacious interior in a comfy and original style while discovering wonderful Amsterdam: by bike, on foot or simply from the great rooftop.","This beautiful and spacious apartment is situated in the heart of Amsterdams vibrant neighborhood called the Jordaan. The apartment is divided over 3 floors (2nd - 4th floor with typical Amsterdam stairs in between  - they are steep!) and offers plenty of room for 4 people. There is Wifi throughout the whole apartment. The spacious and cozy living room leads to the fully equipped open kitchen where you can find all necessary facilities such as an oven, dishwasher and fridge. On the 4th floor there are 2 bedrooms: each with a big double bed. The two rooms are divided by a sliding door. On the 4th floor also: the bathroom with a bathtub and separate shower. There is separate toilet on this floor as well. From the guest bedroom you can take the stairs up to the rooftop terrace, which offers an amazing view of the city of Amsterdam.","This bright apartement is a stylish starting point for the best of the Jordaan. 4 guests can easily enjoy the spacious interior in a comfy and original style while discovering wonderful Amsterdam: by bike, on foot or simply from the great rooftop. This beautiful and spacious apartment is situated in the heart of Amsterdams vibrant neighborhood called the Jordaan. The apartment is divided over 3 floors (2nd - 4th floor with typical Amsterdam stairs in between  - they are steep!) and offers plenty of room for 4 people. There is Wifi throughout the whole apartment. The spacious and cozy living room leads to the fully equipped open kitchen where you can find all necessary facilities such as an oven, dishwasher and fridge. On the 4th floor there are 2 bedrooms: each with a big double bed. The two rooms are divided by a sliding door. On the 4th floor also: the bathroom with a bathtub and separate shower. There is separate toilet on this floor as well. From the guest bedroom you can take the ","The area of the Jordaan is very characteristic and cosy, and on walking distance from some of the major sites in the centre of Amsterdam. You can reach the famous Dam and the Royal Palace in about 10 min. walk.   You can find many great little shops, good restaurants and typical bars in the neighborhood. Every Monday morning, a textile market is held on the street, which extends to the famous fleemarket on the Noordermarkt. On Saturday, the fleemarket is smaller and gives way to lots of great organic food and produce stalls.","Public transport (tram 10, tram 3 buses) that stops only 70 meters from the apartment.","The main idea is to feel at home and enjoy your stay to the fullest :) For the rest: please be so kind leave the apartment as when you find it and to respect the neighbour's peace and quiet - for instance by taking shoes off inside. In summer, don't forget to water plants, when sunny every evening (really! thankyou so much:).  There is a mandatory cleaning fee of 70 euro and a security deposit of 250 euro which is held by Airbnb. Please don't forget to return keys or 50 € will have to be deduced from your deposit. The deposit is refunded within 48 hrs if no claims are made."
