"Feel welcome to stay in our big room with doors to sunny garden, close to city centre, trams in the street, nice shops/bars/restaurants around, 30 min walking from Leidseplein, Dam square (10 min by tram). City guides and map available.  See you!","Every day it's possible to rent a big nice light room with doors to our sunny garden near the centre of Amsterdam only 10 minutes (tram/bike) from the city centre. You can use our kitchen (with dishwasher, oven, magnetron etc) our go to one of the nice restaurants in our neighboorhood. At the end of the street stops a tram who brings you in 10 minutes to the centre of Amsterdam. Around the corner there are a lot of shops, a supermarket, restaurants, café's etc. 15 minutes walk from Vondelpark and also from Rembrandtpark.   If you need more information / pictures let us know. You can use our kitchen with microwave, oven, dishwasher Sometimes we are home, in the weekends we are most of the time away.  It's a nice neighborhood with lot's of bars, cafés, nice shops and restaurants. Around the corner there are a few trams and busses who can bring you in 10 minutes to the city centre. Trams and busses around the corner We have 2 cats and a dog (dog lives in the kitchen). If we are away, we'l","Feel welcome to stay in our big room with doors to sunny garden, close to city centre, trams in the street, nice shops/bars/restaurants around, 30 min walking from Leidseplein, Dam square (10 min by tram). City guides and map available.  See you! Every day it's possible to rent a big nice light room with doors to our sunny garden near the centre of Amsterdam only 10 minutes (tram/bike) from the city centre. You can use our kitchen (with dishwasher, oven, magnetron etc) our go to one of the nice restaurants in our neighboorhood. At the end of the street stops a tram who brings you in 10 minutes to the centre of Amsterdam. Around the corner there are a lot of shops, a supermarket, restaurants, café's etc. 15 minutes walk from Vondelpark and also from Rembrandtpark.   If you need more information / pictures let us know. You can use our kitchen with microwave, oven, dishwasher Sometimes we are home, in the weekends we are most of the time away.  It's a nice neighborhood with lot's of bars,","Mix of different cultures, nice bars, shops and restaurants, visit 'De Hallen', an inside market place with small shops from Amsterdam designers, food hall, movies etc.","In the street is a tram which brings you directly to Leidseplein (where the bars, Paradiso, Melkweg etc are) and around the corner is tram 17 which goes to Central Station or to Amsterdam Lelylaan, from there you can take the train to Schiphol Airport","Act like you're home, be respectful to our stuff and our pets. In our kitchen you can use our spices, coffee, tea and what else you need. Smoking is not allowed in the room or in the house. You can smoke in the garden."
