"This place is suitable for single, couple or couple with child. Living room with private kitchen downstairs with a garden in the front and back! Bedroom with doublebed and childrensbed upstairs. The bathroom you share with one woman. The neighborhood is friendly and calm and within 20 minutes (ferry, bus or bike) you are at the city centre of Amsterdam. Lot's of nature close by and beautiful places and small villages to visit by bike. Also free parking in front of the house.","Cosy, warm familyhome. Clean, but you can see we live here with a child :) But that also means you can 'live' in the house and spill a drink every now and then haha.","This place is suitable for single, couple or couple with child. Living room with private kitchen downstairs with a garden in the front and back! Bedroom with doublebed and childrensbed upstairs. The bathroom you share with one woman. The neighborhood is friendly and calm and within 20 minutes (ferry, bus or bike) you are at the city centre of Amsterdam. Lot's of nature close by and beautiful places and small villages to visit by bike. Also free parking in front of the house. Cosy, warm familyhome. Clean, but you can see we live here with a child :) But that also means you can 'live' in the house and spill a drink every now and then haha. Big living room with build in kitchen, private bedroom, garden. Bathroom you share with one woman who lives upstairs, but she is rarely at home. If you stay at my house, me and my son stay at my partners home, so the space is al yours. I stay in Amsterdam so i am availably for questions and help. If you wish to stay more nights or different dates that ","Really calm neighborhood, beautiful view with trees, a lot of people walking dogs or playgrounds for kids to play. Supermarket you find within 10 min bike or 20 minute walk. The neighborhood has a quietness you rarely find in Amsterdam and within 20 minutes you are in the middle of the city centre.",The bus to the centre you find within 3 minute walking. Within 10 minute walking you find the ferry (free!) witch takes you to the central station in 13 minutes. I advice you to rent a bike if you come to stay everything here is much easier to reach by bike.,
