"If you are looking for a comfortable and quiet apartment in the middle of a beautiful, non-touristic area, I am happy to introduce you my apartment. Warmly decorated, my bright and spacious apartment gives you a feeling of being home.","General: The house is a double floor (3rd and 4th floor) apartment in the Westerpark area, a beautiful residential area which is 15 minutes away from the Jordaan (centre). The house has been completely renovated with a country-styled look and personal touches and has just recently been taken care for with new beds and furniture. Additional furniture for babies and small children are available per request. Look and feel: The kitchen and living are in open connection with one another, making this floor a warm space to be in. There are windows on both sides, so there is always enough light entering the house. The kitchen has been designed with antique wood in combination with modern equipment: cooking plates (gas), electric oven, dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine and milk creamer. There is enough cooking utensils hove dine with maximum 8 persons.  The living room has two comfortable couches and there are family games for adults and toys for smaller children. There is a big flat screen","If you are looking for a comfortable and quiet apartment in the middle of a beautiful, non-touristic area, I am happy to introduce you my apartment. Warmly decorated, my bright and spacious apartment gives you a feeling of being home. General: The house is a double floor (3rd and 4th floor) apartment in the Westerpark area, a beautiful residential area which is 15 minutes away from the Jordaan (centre). The house has been completely renovated with a country-styled look and personal touches and has just recently been taken care for with new beds and furniture. Additional furniture for babies and small children are available per request. Look and feel: The kitchen and living are in open connection with one another, making this floor a warm space to be in. There are windows on both sides, so there is always enough light entering the house. The kitchen has been designed with antique wood in combination with modern equipment: cooking plates (gas), electric oven, dishwasher, microwave, coffe","The neighborhood is best described as upcoming and hip. 5 minutes at walking distance, the Westerpark is situated. This is an urban-green area with lots of stuff to see and do. The Amsterdam Fashion Week is held there, the Affordable Art Fair, the Wintergames, all kind of hip and urban parties take place and in the summer it is a great place to barbecue and hang out. The street where the apartment is located however, is very very quiet at night. So you are able to sleep like a rose ;-) Next to the Westerpark area is the Jordaan area, which is famous for its biological and handycraft markets, as well as its restaurants, small shopping streets and canal-views. The Jordaan area forms part of the city centre. It is a 30 minute walk to get there, or jou can go by public transport. Around the corner, there is a big playground for children and a nice coffee bar to have a good breakfast, lunch or just a coffee while reading your newspapers. And for a good and scenic dinner, go to Cafe Restaura","Not far from the apartment, buses and trams leave to all parts of the city. Depending on where you need to go, you can switch trams at Leidseplein or Central Station, which are both 15 minutes off.  All touristic attractions (Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Anne Frank House, Eye, Dam square) are all within these 15 minutes. But off course, going Dutch (by bike) is the best way ;-)","THE HOUSE GUIDELINES – WESTERPARK SUITE JOY  The house is and stuff inside are all yours during your stay. Don't feel shy and enjoy your stay. GUIDELINES  To prevent any damage or discomfort, please, take notice of the house guidelines: • Smoking is allowed on the balcony only, • No drugs, • Please be silent after 22:00, • Please, be quiet in the stairway:  ⁃ before 8:30 in the morning  ⁃ after 21:00 in the evening • Please no partying in the house. You can do that downtown ;-) CHECK-IN and CHECK-OUT CHECK-IN  Normal check-in is at 3pm.  Early check-in before 3pm or late check-in after 8pm is possible for an additional 35 Eur fee. Early check-in is only possible when there are no other guests checking-out in the morning. Kassimou will be there to show you the apartment and hand over the keys to you. CHECK-OUT  Normal check-out is at 11am.  Early check-out before 9am or late check-out after 11am is possible for an additional 35 Eur fee. Late check-out is only possible when there are no "
