"Our 100+m2 beautiful cosy ""gezellig"" house&garden on the westside of the citycentre is truly your home away from home. Situated in a quiet street in the middle of a lively area with many bars and restaurants, the Jordaan with its 9 little streets and all the public transport you need just around the corner.","On the ground floor you'll find the bar area (where you can have a drink while your roomie is cooking a lovely dinner :) Next to it the dining area , and in the back the ultimate relax-area to watch a movie on the huge TV. And of course the garden. Upstairs the comfy masterbedroom with kingsize bed, a nursery, the bathroom with shower & bath, and another guest room/study. In this room we have a 1.40x200 sofa-bed to accommodate one or two more guests. Towels and bed linen are off course included.","Our 100+m2 beautiful cosy ""gezellig"" house&garden on the westside of the citycentre is truly your home away from home. Situated in a quiet street in the middle of a lively area with many bars and restaurants, the Jordaan with its 9 little streets and all the public transport you need just around the corner. On the ground floor you'll find the bar area (where you can have a drink while your roomie is cooking a lovely dinner :) Next to it the dining area , and in the back the ultimate relax-area to watch a movie on the huge TV. And of course the garden. Upstairs the comfy masterbedroom with kingsize bed, a nursery, the bathroom with shower & bath, and another guest room/study. In this room we have a 1.40x200 sofa-bed to accommodate one or two more guests. Towels and bed linen are off course included. You'll have acces to all the rooms Off course, please let us know and contact us for any questions, remarks etc. We are quick in response. Our neighborhood is awesome. It's in a non-touristi","Our neighborhood is awesome. It's in a non-touristic zone in centre of the city where you find bars, restaurants and all kinds of shops where the locals come to hang out. On a walking distance from the Jordaan, Dam square and  the Canals, Anne Frank House, 9 little streets, de Hallen (centre for media, culture, fashion, food &crafts), Ten Kate Market, Kinkerstraat. We'll leave you a list with some bar&restaurant recommendations!",All the public transport you need just around the corner. And a bike rentalshop two doors down.,"We expect you to respect our house and neighbors as if it's your own house & neighbors. Don't smoke inside.You'll have a 50 m2 garden to your disposal where you can get ""some fresh air"". No drugs, no parties."
