"Welcome in my bohemian apartment in good old Amsterdam-East! It is a light and cosy apartment with a nice balcony. Nearby are a daily market, park, shopping centre, train station and many bars and restaurants. 10min by bike to the centre! Go for it!","Nice private apartment that suits two.  The apartment is 70m2 and has a living/dining room, a walk-in-closet, a bedroom with a queen size bed (140*200), a kitchen and a bathroom with shower.  There's also a balcony with a couch facing south, so there's a lot of sun. The bed room and living room are both quite spacious (about 20m2 each) an there is a beamer projector for watching movies/dvd and wireless Internet. Also there's a washing machine and a dish washer.","Welcome in my bohemian apartment in good old Amsterdam-East! It is a light and cosy apartment with a nice balcony. Nearby are a daily market, park, shopping centre, train station and many bars and restaurants. 10min by bike to the centre! Go for it! Nice private apartment that suits two.  The apartment is 70m2 and has a living/dining room, a walk-in-closet, a bedroom with a queen size bed (140*200), a kitchen and a bathroom with shower.  There's also a balcony with a couch facing south, so there's a lot of sun. The bed room and living room are both quite spacious (about 20m2 each) an there is a beamer projector for watching movies/dvd and wireless Internet. Also there's a washing machine and a dish washer. This street is in the Dapperbuurt in Amsterdam-East. This is a great multi-cultural neighbourhood and especially the food is really nice: There are many places where you can find great Asian and Caribbean food.  You'll find a lovely daily market, some vintage stores, a shopping centr","This street is in the Dapperbuurt in Amsterdam-East. This is a great multi-cultural neighbourhood and especially the food is really nice: There are many places where you can find great Asian and Caribbean food.  You'll find a lovely daily market, some vintage stores, a shopping centre, a beautiful green park where you can go jogging or have a picnic, and a train station. The city center is about 10 minutes by bike or tram. This is a great place to get a good touch of the real Amsterdam!","Tram 9 - around the corner - will take you to the city centre in 10 minutes, or you can go by bike. There's also a train station very nearby. It's also possible to park your car very nearby, but be aware that it's expensive to park your car in Amsterdam. On Sundays, parking in our neighbourhood is free. The train station will take you - if necessary - to the airport or another city like Haarlem or Utrecht.",We have a shoes of policy  in the appartment
