,"A designer boutique apartment for 2 perched centrally located just off the Eastern banks of Amsterdam’s Amstel River around the corner of the famous and luxurious Amstel Hotel. Elegant, bright and spacious with high living- and bedroom ceilings equipped with all amenities possible. This unique apartment is housed in a century old building and has stylishly been refurbished from the inside. With its bright natural light, handmade whitewash oak shutters, oak wood flooring, original stained glass windows, high-ceilings, and interior and artwork from around the globe; it has a luxurious yet homely feel. When entering the apartment on the first floor, you step into living room area with open kitchen, dining table, work desk and sitting area with flat-screen TV and coffee table. The kitchen is equipped with all conveniences possible; including a gas-fired 5-pit Miele stove, combo Miele steamoven, fridge with freezer, dishwasher, Italian Illy coffee machine and milk frother. Everything you ne","A designer boutique apartment for 2 perched centrally located just off the Eastern banks of Amsterdam’s Amstel River around the corner of the famous and luxurious Amstel Hotel. Elegant, bright and spacious with high living- and bedroom ceilings equipped with all amenities possible. This unique apartment is housed in a century old building and has stylishly been refurbished from the inside. With its bright natural light, handmade whitewash oak shutters, oak wood flooring, original stained glass windows, high-ceilings, and interior and artwork from around the globe; it has a luxurious yet homely feel. When entering the apartment on the first floor, you step into living room area with open kitchen, dining table, work desk and sitting area with flat-screen TV and coffee table. The kitchen is equipped with all conveniences possible; including a gas-fired 5-pit Miele stove, combo Miele steamoven, fridge with freezer, dishwasher, Italian Illy coffee machine and milk frother. Everything you ne","The apartment is very conveniently located on the Eastern banks of the Amstel River in a quiet yet very welcoming and safe neighbourhood.  Within walking distance of 4 supermarkets and literally around the corner of a number of bars and restaurants (Loetje, De Ysbreeker, Aan de Amstel, Amstelhaven etc).",Public transport is very close. At Weesperplein (3 minute walk from the apartment) the metro stops (3 stops to Central station or 5 minutes) and tram line 7 and 10 will take you directly to Leidseplein (Leidse Square) within 7 minutes. Alternatively 2 streets away you have tram line 3 and 5 which take you to 'De Pijp' district across the water and onward to the South (Oud Zuid) and West. The apartment is situated ideally for people attending a conference at RAI conference centre with direct metro connection (10 minutes) and the University of Amsterdam is around the corner.,"The apartment is smoke free enviroment, we kindly ask you to refrain from smoking. Please be aware the apartment is on the first floor and there is other people living in the building. We kindly ask you to respect the neighbors."
