"This very nice and cosy studio apartment has got everything you need for a great stay in the Amsterdam. Not far away from the Sarphati park, the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and within 10min by bike you are in the center of this beautiful city!","A lovely spacious studio apartment on the 2th floor with private entrance, private bathroom and a small kitchenette.  Accessible by real Amsterdam steep stairs.  Includes; a very comfortable double sofa bed, a private bathroom with shower and toilet, a kitchenette with a fridge, a kettle, electrical cooking plates and basic cooking equipment. Located in the ""Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Just a short tram ride south of Central Station & on the border of the historical city centre with lots of nice shops, restaurants, pubs. Just around the corner of the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and the ""Heineken"" brewery. Within 5 minutes walk to ""Museum"" square and nightlife centre ""Leidseplein"". Suitable for 1-2 persons. Smoking not allowed. Towels and bed linen are provided.","This very nice and cosy studio apartment has got everything you need for a great stay in the Amsterdam. Not far away from the Sarphati park, the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and within 10min by bike you are in the center of this beautiful city! A lovely spacious studio apartment on the 2th floor with private entrance, private bathroom and a small kitchenette.  Accessible by real Amsterdam steep stairs.  Includes; a very comfortable double sofa bed, a private bathroom with shower and toilet, a kitchenette with a fridge, a kettle, electrical cooking plates and basic cooking equipment. Located in the ""Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Just a short tram ride south of Central Station & on the border of the historical city centre with lots of nice shops, restaurants, pubs. Just around the corner of the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and the ""Heineken"" brewery. Within 5 minutes walk to ""Museum"" square and nightlife centre ""Leidseplein"". Suitable for 1-2 perso","De Pijp experienced a new wave of cool places that opened the doors. It’s one of the older neighbourhoods of Amsterdam. This is the place where hipsters like to shop at one of the trendy boutiques, healthy food lovers can eat at one of the many organic cafes and on the weekends this is the neighbourhood to be for drinks with friends at one of the many bars.",Tram 16 and 24 right around the corner. Options for bike rental also around the corner.,Respect the apartment like you would your own.
