"A spacious design luxe canalappt at the one of the 3 prime canals, the PRINSENGRACHT, in the city center of Amsterdam. The appt is very quiet situated, close to the historic scene like the Skinny Bridge but also to lively restaurants,terraces, shops.","Take the fantastic opportunity to stay in a luxe boutique  design and spacious monumental CANAL HOUSE at the Prinsengracht. The livingroom with high ceilings and large windows gives you a direct view on the water of the Prinsengracht and the Amstel. UNESCO pointed this area as unique world heritage, the apartment is located in a nice and quiet part of  the city center.  Large, design and modern livingroom with fireplace, big lounge seat, great wooden floor thoughout the apartment,  separate workingstation with WIFI-internet, Harman-Kardon surround system, large 46' inch LCD tv-screen, DVD/CD-player, docking station for Iphone/ Ipod and Apple TV. Large modern 4.60m corian kitchen, dishwasher and fridge, washmachine/ -dryer, combi-oven/grill/microwave, separate diner table and chairs, Nespresso-coffee machine, watercooker, plates and cutlery available. Bedrooms:  2 modern spacious bedrooms with 2 king beds and in both rooms a LCD tv-screen. Bathrooms:  2 separate CORIAN washbins, 2 toile","A spacious design luxe canalappt at the one of the 3 prime canals, the PRINSENGRACHT, in the city center of Amsterdam. The appt is very quiet situated, close to the historic scene like the Skinny Bridge but also to lively restaurants,terraces, shops. Take the fantastic opportunity to stay in a luxe boutique  design and spacious monumental CANAL HOUSE at the Prinsengracht. The livingroom with high ceilings and large windows gives you a direct view on the water of the Prinsengracht and the Amstel. UNESCO pointed this area as unique world heritage, the apartment is located in a nice and quiet part of  the city center.  Large, design and modern livingroom with fireplace, big lounge seat, great wooden floor thoughout the apartment,  separate workingstation with WIFI-internet, Harman-Kardon surround system, large 46' inch LCD tv-screen, DVD/CD-player, docking station for Iphone/ Ipod and Apple TV. Large modern 4.60m corian kitchen, dishwasher and fridge, washmachine/ -dryer, combi-oven/grill","Besides the mentioned musea, shopping- and breakfast/lunch/diner area, just walking through the  neighborhood is very inspiring and unique. Walking besides the canals you will find very interesting architecture of canal houses and buildings. ",Getting around is primarily by walking. If necessary metro and tram is very accessible. Bike-renting is situated within a 3 minute walk.  Near the house we have parking places available (on hourly- or daily fee basis).,I am very strict with the houserules. No parties in the house. Absolutely no smoking allowed in the apartment (yes on the terrace) No DRUGS/ WEED etc allowed in the apartment (NOT on the terrace) No pets allowed No loud music allowed
