"Bright and spacious apartment in the centre of the city. Complete with comfortable amenities. Walking distance from many interesting activities, including the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. Tram within 30 seconds walk.","Bright and spacious apartment in the centre of the city. Complete with comfortable amenities. Walking distance from many interesting activities, including the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. Tram within 30 seconds walk. This unique light apartment is located in the popular area called ""de Pijp"", a stones throw away from the Heineken factory and within walking distance of most of Amsterdam's attractions (including the Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijksmuseum). ""De Pijp"" is a neighborhood famous for it's market: the ""Albert Cuyp"" which gives you access to fresh, yet affordable, groceries which can be used in the newly refurbished kitchen with modern equipment, including instant cooking water and state of the art ovens. If you prefer to explore Amsterdam's culinary offerings there are also dozens of bars and restaurants in the neighborhood to fulfill any out of door eating desires. Shopaholics will find their needs satisfied by a plethora of shops ranging from new upcoming l","Bright and spacious apartment in the centre of the city. Complete with comfortable amenities. Walking distance from many interesting activities, including the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. Tram within 30 seconds walk. Bright and spacious apartment in the centre of the city. Complete with comfortable amenities. Walking distance from many interesting activities, including the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and van Gogh museum. Tram within 30 seconds walk. This unique light apartment is located in the popular area called ""de Pijp"", a stones throw away from the Heineken factory and within walking distance of most of Amsterdam's attractions (including the Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijksmuseum). ""De Pijp"" is a neighborhood famous for it's market: the ""Albert Cuyp"" which gives you access to fresh, yet affordable, groceries which can be used in the newly refurbished kitchen with modern equipment, including instant cooking water and state of the art ovens. If you prefer to exp",,"Public transit is within 30 seconds walk from the apartment. The trams that stop there take you right to Amsterdam Central Station within 15 minutes. Paid parking is available in the street and there is a parking garage literally around the corner.  From the airport you can take a taxi (40 Euros, I recommend taking an electric taxi) or take the train to Amsterdam Central Station (about 7.50 Euros per person) and from there take tram 16 or 24 (about 2.60 Euros per person if not have a public transport chip-card) and get off at the stop ""Stadhouderskade"". From here it is only 30 seconds walk to my apartment.","Please no smoking or pets in the apartment.  Use the kitchen freely, but please clean up any mess that you make afterwards. No having a bad time!  Please treat my place as you would your own. At the end of the stay you can leave the key on the kitchen counter."
