,"The apartment is sunny and very central - walking distance to everywhere of note. From the living room window you can see the Amstel River as it passes under the famous Magere Brug (The Skinny Bridge), 25 metres away. The apartment is on the corner between the Hermitage museum and the Carre Theatre.  There's one bedroom which is at the back of the building, looking onto the beautiful, quiet gardens of the Amstel houses, 'binnentuintjes'. The bedroom has a double bed 180x200 cm. Clean sheets provided. There is a single pull-out sofa-bed, suitable for one person, in the living room.  The bathroom has a sink and shower/bath. The toilet is separate, rare in Amsterdam's old houses! Towels are included. The kitchen is well equipped and is open plan with the living room.  The apartment is a 2 minute walk to the Hermitage museum, and to the Royal Theater Carre. There is a mini market (Spar) just up the street, and Utrechtsestraat is 200m away, with dozens of restaurants and bars.   Public tran","The apartment is sunny and very central - walking distance to everywhere of note. From the living room window you can see the Amstel River as it passes under the famous Magere Brug (The Skinny Bridge), 25 metres away. The apartment is on the corner between the Hermitage museum and the Carre Theatre.  There's one bedroom which is at the back of the building, looking onto the beautiful, quiet gardens of the Amstel houses, 'binnentuintjes'. The bedroom has a double bed 180x200 cm. Clean sheets provided. There is a single pull-out sofa-bed, suitable for one person, in the living room.  The bathroom has a sink and shower/bath. The toilet is separate, rare in Amsterdam's old houses! Towels are included. The kitchen is well equipped and is open plan with the living room.  The apartment is a 2 minute walk to the Hermitage museum, and to the Royal Theater Carre. There is a mini market (Spar) just up the street, and Utrechtsestraat is 200m away, with dozens of restaurants and bars.   Public tran","This is a fantastic neighbourhood in the centre of Amsterdam but still a good distance from the red-light district and its bachelor parties. The Hermitage museum is 100 metres away, both the Artis Zoo and Horticultural gardens 300 metres away, and the Amstel River is just outside the door. This is also the centre of the canal district, sandwiched between the Prinsengracht and Kaisersgracht. ","There are 5 tram lines running close by, as well as the subway/metro connecting with Centraal Station in under 5 minutes. ","Sorry, no groups of guys under 35 years old. €25 extra if checking in after 21:00"
