,"The bright and spacious apartment is situated in the trendy Westerparkarea. Just around the corner, there is a supermarket and several restaurants and pubs. The lovey Westerpark that offers ao. cultural events and many catering facilitites is at 5 minute walk, the Haarlemmerstraat (awarded best shopping street of the Netherlands) and the famous Jordaan at a 10 -minute walk, and an open air public swimming pool at 7 minutes.  Public transport (to ao.  the Central Station,10 minutes) stops right in front of the apartment.  The apartment, located on the first floor, has a big living room with open kitchen. Bedroom 1 has a double bed and babybed. Bedroom 2 has a bunk bed and facilities for an extra mattress (available). This bedroom can be divided into two rooms.  Both bedrooms have doors connected to the sunny balcony (11x 1.60 meters) that looks on a private communal garden with playground to which we have access.  The bathroom has a bath, a toilet, a washing machine and a tumble dryer. ","The bright and spacious apartment is situated in the trendy Westerparkarea. Just around the corner, there is a supermarket and several restaurants and pubs. The lovey Westerpark that offers ao. cultural events and many catering facilitites is at 5 minute walk, the Haarlemmerstraat (awarded best shopping street of the Netherlands) and the famous Jordaan at a 10 -minute walk, and an open air public swimming pool at 7 minutes.  Public transport (to ao.  the Central Station,10 minutes) stops right in front of the apartment.  The apartment, located on the first floor, has a big living room with open kitchen. Bedroom 1 has a double bed and babybed. Bedroom 2 has a bunk bed and facilities for an extra mattress (available). This bedroom can be divided into two rooms.  Both bedrooms have doors connected to the sunny balcony (11x 1.60 meters) that looks on a private communal garden with playground to which we have access.  The bathroom has a bath, a toilet, a washing machine and a tumble dryer. ",,,"We have a cat that needs a meal twice a day.  No smoking allowed inside the apartment, but of course you can smoke on the balcony."
