,"Charming, bright loft on the 5th floor with great cityviews (there's an elevator!). Highlights: * In the old city centre, but in a very quiet street * Walking distance to all places of interest * Very clean, comfortable and 'homy' * Free wifi * Sunny balcony  * tram- and taxistand around the corner Interior: contemporary and comfortable. Hall. Light and spacious L-shaped living room with dining-, lounge- and desk-corner (free Wifi). Quiet bedroom with comfortable big double bed. Separate well-equiped kitchen with dishwasher. Separate toilet. Bathroom with shower. Great balcony. For a 3rd person (or child) we can add a (comfortable) matrass in the living room. Bedsheets, towels etc. are available complimentory. The small building is rather new and very well-kept. Centraly located, very pleasant loft-apartment. It is situated in a very quiet street but still right in the centre of Amsterdam; a Unesco qualified World Heritage site!  The apartment is very close to the inviting Utrechtsestr","Charming, bright loft on the 5th floor with great cityviews (there's an elevator!). Highlights: * In the old city centre, but in a very quiet street * Walking distance to all places of interest * Very clean, comfortable and 'homy' * Free wifi * Sunny balcony  * tram- and taxistand around the corner Interior: contemporary and comfortable. Hall. Light and spacious L-shaped living room with dining-, lounge- and desk-corner (free Wifi). Quiet bedroom with comfortable big double bed. Separate well-equiped kitchen with dishwasher. Separate toilet. Bathroom with shower. Great balcony. For a 3rd person (or child) we can add a (comfortable) matrass in the living room. Bedsheets, towels etc. are available complimentory. The small building is rather new and very well-kept. Centraly located, very pleasant loft-apartment. It is situated in a very quiet street but still right in the centre of Amsterdam; a Unesco qualified World Heritage site!  The apartment is very close to the inviting Utrechtsestr","The apartment is situated in a small, quiet, one-way direction street in a cute residential area, very close (a few minutes walk) to supermarkets and the historic city centre.",The apartment is 1 min. walk away for the tramline #4 stop at Stadhouderskade. Line 4 brings you in about 15 min. to Central Station or RAI Station (& Congress Center). Taxistand at 2 min. walk.,"Once a reservation has been made, we will send you our house manual with house rules and practical information on the apartement. We also inform you about the best shops, bars and restaurants in the neighborhood and what to go and see in charming Amsterdam. One important rule to know in advance: the apartment is non-smoking (but you are welcome to smoke on the balcony)."
