"Nice and clean 40m2 apartment in the trendy Pijp, modernly equipped and with a sunny balcony at the backside. Close to the Sarphatipark and Albert Cuyp market. Lots of nice restaurants and bars and a supermarket and public transport close by.",,"Nice and clean 40m2 apartment in the trendy Pijp, modernly equipped and with a sunny balcony at the backside. Close to the Sarphatipark and Albert Cuyp market. Lots of nice restaurants and bars and a supermarket and public transport close by. The apartment is in walking distance to the Albert Cuyp market, a wide variation of restaurants and bars, the Heineken Brewery, Amstel river, several parks and more. Public transportation is around the corner and a quick tram ride or a slightly longer walk will bring you to the Museumplein with all the major museums. The best way to explore Amsterdam is of course by bike, and all the major destinations are within easy biking distance. There are a couple of bike-rental shops in the neighbourhood.  A small supermarket is around the corner, a big one (Albert Heijn) is only 2 min on foot. The apartment is easy to access from the airport Schiphol and Central Station.  From the airport it's a 10min ride by train (Station Amsterdam RAI) and then a 10 min","The apartment is in walking distance to the Albert Cuyp market, a wide variation of restaurants and bars, the Heineken Brewery, Amstel river, several parks and more. Public transportation is around the corner and a quick tram ride or a slightly longer walk will bring you to the Museumplein with all the major museums. The best way to explore Amsterdam is of course by bike, and all the major destinations are within easy biking distance. There are a couple of bike-rental shops in the neighbourhood.  A small supermarket is around the corner, a big one (Albert Heijn) is only 2 min on foot.",The apartment is easy to access from the airport Schiphol and Central Station.  From the airport it's a 10min ride by train (Station Amsterdam RAI) and then a 10 min ride by tram.,Please take your shoes off your in the apartment.
