"Our 2 bedroom apartment has style, space and is very light. Located on the ground floor at the best location in A'dam; very central. We offer the comfort and luxury of a top hotel and the space and personality of a home, fits 4 people easily.  NB max 4 adults!","SPACIOUS, BRIGHT, ARTY apartment available in the CENTRE of AMSTERDAM! So much LIGHT and SPACE is absolutely UNIQUE for a GROUND FLOOR apartment in the CENTRE of AMSTERDAM.  Fully furnished, 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom, sunny patio, modern kitchen, very light, artful, open living and dining room apartment in the center of Amsterdam. The apartment has a bamboo floor with floor heating. The apartment is ideal for 2 couples, business travelers, older people (no stairs) and families looking for the Amsterdam experience, in the nicest area of Amsterdam, walking distance to basically everywhere: the Jordaan, Leidseplein and the Vondelpark. Please note that we only allow more than 4 people when there are children in the booking.  APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS:  •Spacious 120 square meters (1,291 SQ FT) open space in quiet historic neighborhood, walking distance from the centre •Two bedrooms with attached private bathrooms  •Kitchen is modern, fully furnished, including cooker (instant boling water), cooking","Our 2 bedroom apartment has style, space and is very light. Located on the ground floor at the best location in A'dam; very central. We offer the comfort and luxury of a top hotel and the space and personality of a home, fits 4 people easily.  NB max 4 adults! SPACIOUS, BRIGHT, ARTY apartment available in the CENTRE of AMSTERDAM! So much LIGHT and SPACE is absolutely UNIQUE for a GROUND FLOOR apartment in the CENTRE of AMSTERDAM.  Fully furnished, 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom, sunny patio, modern kitchen, very light, artful, open living and dining room apartment in the center of Amsterdam. The apartment has a bamboo floor with floor heating. The apartment is ideal for 2 couples, business travelers, older people (no stairs) and families looking for the Amsterdam experience, in the nicest area of Amsterdam, walking distance to basically everywhere: the Jordaan, Leidseplein and the Vondelpark. Please note that we only allow more than 4 people when there are children in the booking.  APARTMENT HI","•I have a map with many nice tips in the apartment •Nice markets, boutique shops, supermarkets and many nice bars and restaurants are just around the corner •Also a sport school and bikram yoga / hot yoga is just around the corner!","•Access to and from Schiphol in 20 minutes by train to CS or 25 minutes taxi to the apartment •Amsterdam Central Train Station is 15 minutes by tram (tram 1, one stop after Leidseplein) or 30 minutes by feet •Everywhere you want to go in walking distance! Walking distance to Vondelpark (5 minutes), to Leidsplein (5 minutes), to Jordaan (5 minutes), to Museum quarter (10 minutes), to the nicest shopping area 'the 9 streets' (5 minutes) and much much more!","In short we like you to enjoy yourself and treat everything (and everyone) around you with respect.  - Please note that we may only allow up to 6 people in a family setting and when there are minimal 2 children in the booking.  - We only allow the amount of people that booked. If extra people stay at the apartment (without informing us), we charge € 100 per extra person/ per night and if it exceeds the maximum allowed, we may check you out without refund. - We guarantee a clean house when you check-in. To avoid double cleaning charges, please leave the house behind close to how you found it (so put the dirty dishes in the dishwasher, put the furniture back and throw your trash away please).  - Late check in: After 6 pm, we charge € 50 extra.  - We will provide two sets of keys. If you loose a set/take a set we charge €300,- for replacing the lock and making new key cuts.  - You may not smoke inside the house. If you do so we charge the full deposit. - No drugs - Please turn off all lig"
