"Located on a quiet street in the canal belt, close to the Centraal Station and public transportation, this classic Dutch apartment, although not directly on a canal, is surrounded by 4 canals and is near the intersection of the Singel and  Brouwersgracht. The Anne Frank House and Dam Square are an 8-10 minute walk.  The Flower Market, Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leidseplien and Rembrandtplein are 10-25 minute walk but also easily reached by tram (2 minute walk).","Just off the Brouwersgracht, our 50m2 apartment is on the second floor of a building dating to 1720.  This lovely one bedroom apartment has a wall of nearly floor-to-ceiling-windows in the living room, large windows in the bedroom and kitchen and high ceilings with beams. The apartment is filled with light and has views of typical old Amsterdam streets.  You enter into a small entry hall from which you take the central stairway to the second floor where you will find the entrance to the apartment. Our stairs are generous by Dutch standards but are narrower and slightly steeper than modern stairs. Upon entering the apartment, you will find a short hallway.  To the right is the bedroom with an dresser, queen bed (160x200), night tables and lamps.  On the left is the WC with toilet and washbasin.  Moving ahead, the fully equipped kitchen is on the right and the bath with combination tub and shower plus wash basin, is on the left.  You then step into the living room with it's floor to ceil","Located on a quiet street in the canal belt, close to the Centraal Station and public transportation, this classic Dutch apartment, although not directly on a canal, is surrounded by 4 canals and is near the intersection of the Singel and  Brouwersgracht. The Anne Frank House and Dam Square are an 8-10 minute walk.  The Flower Market, Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leidseplien and Rembrandtplein are 10-25 minute walk but also easily reached by tram (2 minute walk). Just off the Brouwersgracht, our 50m2 apartment is on the second floor of a building dating to 1720.  This lovely one bedroom apartment has a wall of nearly floor-to-ceiling-windows in the living room, large windows in the bedroom and kitchen and high ceilings with beams. The apartment is filled with light and has views of typical old Amsterdam streets.  You enter into a small entry hall from which you take the central stairway to the second floor where you will find the entrance to the apartment. Our stairs are generous by D","Our neighborhood is close to 4 canals, Centraal Station, the Jordaan and the popular Haarlemmerstraat (frequently voted best shopping street in the city and country). It's a special street, like a secret, little garden street. It's a gem of a neighborhood and is usually very quiet.","It's about a 3 minute walk to the tram stop (lines 1, 2, 5, 13 and 17) plus bus lines 170 and 172. It's also an 8 minute walk to Centraal Station, from where you can catch other tram lines, busses for the city and surrounding areas and, of course, domestic and international trains. You will not need a car to get around Amsterdam but if you bring one, please note that parking is difficult and expensive. We recommend you search for 'Amsterdam Park+Ride' for the best parking option/value in the city. I advise guests to use the parking facilities at the Bos en Lommer, Zeeburg or Olympisch Stadion.","No Drugs No Prostitutes Minimum stay: 3 nights: at all times with the following exceptions: 3-4 nights : Kings day (Apr 27), Easter and Gay Pride (1st weekend in August) 5 nights: IBC ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) nights: Christmas and New Year Late arrivals:  -- we charge E 25 for all check-ins arriving at our door at and after 23:00/11:00pm. This is collected in euro cash when you check-in. -- we charge E 50 for all check-ins arriving at our door at and after 24:00/12:00midnight. This is collected in euro cash when you check-in. We do not accept any arrivals after 24:00/12:00 midnight except those with a provable delay. We will not charge a late fee for a provable delay. Airlines & trains publish their delays, and of course, you will have our number to contact us.  For arrivals by plane, add 1.5 hours to your flight's scheduled arrival time to see if you can make the cut-off time. From the airport, it might be a little faster to take a taxi but it is also a lot more expensive. (E"
