"A little home away from home. Cosy, quiet, bright and peaceful. The location is one of the best you can find in Amsterdam. Enjoy!","**The apartment is upgraded after these pictures were made. A new kitchen, including dishwasher. But also the furniture is much different now. Definitely much better ;) So check out yourself!** This cosy 1 bedroom apartment is a perfect place to stay. You will have the entire apartment for yourself and can accommodate 2 people. There is a kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven), TV, bathroom and quick WIFI. It is a quiet place to stay with a lovely view, and only a few meters away from the Haarlemmerstreet (best shoppingstreet of the Netherlands 2012); The central station is less than 10 minutes walking and the Noordermarkt just around the corner. The neighbourhood has loads of shops, good restaurants, cinema and many bars. Also the Westerpark is on walking distance for a good walk or lunch/diner/drinks. It is a comfortable apartment where you will feel directly at home. There is a good transportation system to the city centre / main attractions but you can also walk because there ","A little home away from home. Cosy, quiet, bright and peaceful. The location is one of the best you can find in Amsterdam. Enjoy! **The apartment is upgraded after these pictures were made. A new kitchen, including dishwasher. But also the furniture is much different now. Definitely much better ;) So check out yourself!** This cosy 1 bedroom apartment is a perfect place to stay. You will have the entire apartment for yourself and can accommodate 2 people. There is a kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven), TV, bathroom and quick WIFI. It is a quiet place to stay with a lovely view, and only a few meters away from the Haarlemmerstreet (best shoppingstreet of the Netherlands 2012); The central station is less than 10 minutes walking and the Noordermarkt just around the corner. The neighbourhood has loads of shops, good restaurants, cinema and many bars. Also the Westerpark is on walking distance for a good walk or lunch/diner/drinks. It is a comfortable apartment where you will feel ",The apartment is only meters away from the bustling Haarlemmerstraat/dijk. The apartment itself is very comfortable and silent. ,Use (Website hidden by Airbnb) how to use public transport. The nearest busstop is 2minutes walking. Central station 10minutes by feet. It is really easy to get around from the apartment. ,"Feel at home, and treat the appartment as your own. As the walls are not so thick, please think about the neighbours."
