This sunny apartment with two balconies is based at a perfect location near the city center of Amsterdam (5 min walk). Its situated at the trendy Old-West area in a typical 1900 building. For a comfortable stay and citylife experience!,"Perfect for two persons. It's got a big bathtub, kitchen and lots of living space. Even when the sun isn't shining, it's still light inside.","This sunny apartment with two balconies is based at a perfect location near the city center of Amsterdam (5 min walk). Its situated at the trendy Old-West area in a typical 1900 building. For a comfortable stay and citylife experience! Perfect for two persons. It's got a big bathtub, kitchen and lots of living space. Even when the sun isn't shining, it's still light inside. As our guest you will have acces to: - Wifi  - Television with Apple tv (Netflix) - Extra long bed (180x220) - Two-person bathtub - Shower - Towels and soap For questions about the apartment or about the city you can always contact us. The Old-West area is beautiful and relaxed. Every corner has a bar, where you can drink coffee, wine or enjoy a meal. We love the area because of the relaxed atmosphere. Hotspots in the district: Ten Kate market and the restored building: The Hallen (www.dehallen-amsterdam). The city center is very close, with all its historic spots. There's a tram-stop 50 meters from the apartment th","The Old-West area is beautiful and relaxed. Every corner has a bar, where you can drink coffee, wine or enjoy a meal. We love the area because of the relaxed atmosphere. Hotspots in the district: Ten Kate market and the restored building: The Hallen (www.dehallen-amsterdam). The city center is very close, with all its historic spots.",There's a tram-stop 50 meters from the apartment that brings you to Dam Square and Central Station in 10 up to 15 min. 100 meters from the apartment there are more tram-stops that bring you to the Leidse Square and the Rijksmuseum for example.,"There are no explicit rules, just that smoking is only allowed at the balconies and only two people can stay at once."
