"Nice located, public transport will bring you in 10 minutes to the city center, Although there's enough to discover in the Baarsjes.","Light, spacious apartment with a roofterras. Located in Amsterdam-West, neighborhood called  the Baarsjes, a short 10 minutes cycling or public transport at the end of our street to the Centre of Amsterdam (also 10 minutes) -very spacious living room with open kitchen, and windows on both sides + spacious bathroom with bath & toilet -working room -bedroom in top of the appartement -balcony Towels and bed linen are ready. There is WI-FI In less than 5 minutes walking distance of nice restaurants and cafes. And the nice city park Erasmuspark is next door.","Nice located, public transport will bring you in 10 minutes to the city center, Although there's enough to discover in the Baarsjes. Light, spacious apartment with a roofterras. Located in Amsterdam-West, neighborhood called  the Baarsjes, a short 10 minutes cycling or public transport at the end of our street to the Centre of Amsterdam (also 10 minutes) -very spacious living room with open kitchen, and windows on both sides + spacious bathroom with bath & toilet -working room -bedroom in top of the appartement -balcony Towels and bed linen are ready. There is WI-FI In less than 5 minutes walking distance of nice restaurants and cafes. And the nice city park Erasmuspark is next door. With the influx of young people in the last decade a new range of mid-price bars and restaurants arrived.  The neighborhood is green, with enough bars and restaurants such as Bar Spek, Radijs, Cafe Cook, Zurich and even its own club: Club 8. Nice shops, galleries and even a foodmarket on walking distance! ",Nice shops and restaurants around. A nice way to discover Amsterdam without the crowded city center.,"Public transport at the and of our street, 3 minutes walking.",We have a nice roof terrace with great views over Amsterdam. You can use it till 22.00 o'clock. We have nice neighbors and hope to keep it that way :-) After 22.00 you can use the balcony! Treat our house like your house and have fun!
