"Lovely, central, design apartment (63 m2) with all modern facilities available. Loft interior with open spaces and balcony (facing south). Apartment part of Monument 'De Saenveste'.","Description: Lovely design apartment (63 m2) with all modern facilities available. Loft interior with open spaces and balcony (facing south). Apartment part of Monument 'De Saenveste'.  Location: In the Spaarndammerbuurt, near WestCord Art Hotel (1 min walk), close to the beautiful Westerpark (5 min walk), shopping street ""De Haarlemmerstraat"" (10 min walk) and ""de Jordaan"" (15 min walk).  Easy access to A10 (highway).  Surrounding: The Spaarndammerbuurt is a lively, up and coming neighbourhood, showing signs of traditional Amsterdam as well as a young, hip atmosphere. Hosts cafe's - eg the Walvis, restaurants - eg Restaurant BAK, supermarkets and there is a night shop in the lively Spaarndammerstreet around the corner. Frequent busses 22 & 48 to city centre (both 2 minute walk). - Free WiFi  - Free use of towels and bedsheets  - Free use of washing machine and tumble dryer - Free tips * Free guitar playing! - no smoking/drugs Cozy, clean and perfect for a young couple, looking to expl","Lovely, central, design apartment (63 m2) with all modern facilities available. Loft interior with open spaces and balcony (facing south). Apartment part of Monument 'De Saenveste'. Description: Lovely design apartment (63 m2) with all modern facilities available. Loft interior with open spaces and balcony (facing south). Apartment part of Monument 'De Saenveste'.  Location: In the Spaarndammerbuurt, near WestCord Art Hotel (1 min walk), close to the beautiful Westerpark (5 min walk), shopping street ""De Haarlemmerstraat"" (10 min walk) and ""de Jordaan"" (15 min walk).  Easy access to A10 (highway).  Surrounding: The Spaarndammerbuurt is a lively, up and coming neighbourhood, showing signs of traditional Amsterdam as well as a young, hip atmosphere. Hosts cafe's - eg the Walvis, restaurants - eg Restaurant BAK, supermarkets and there is a night shop in the lively Spaarndammerstreet around the corner. Frequent busses 22 & 48 to city centre (both 2 minute walk). - Free WiFi  - Free use of ",,,
