"Welcome to our bright & spacious apartment on the two top floors of a typical Amsterdam building in a very nice area close to the Vondelpark. We are sure you will love it because it's large, bright, tastefully decorated, with a fully equipped open plan kitchen and a roof terrace. Located in the popular neighbourhood of Oud West, in the heart of the city and close to the Vondelpark, Jordaan and the canals. Welcome!","Bright and spacious apartment on the top two floors, perfectly located in 'Oud-West', whithin 5 minutes walking distance to the Vondelpark and close to the city centre. Perfect for couples, business travelers, families and a small group of friends. The apartment has a total of 110 m2, a balcony and roof terrace. It has central heating and wifi.  The 1st floor of the apartment is an open space with a fully equiped open kitchen, large dining table and doors to the balcony. On the street side there is a comfortable living with a digital lcd (flat screen) television with cable and a dvd player.  The kitchen has a refrigerator, microwave, stove and oven, dishwasher, coffee machine and water boiler. The 2nd floor of the apartment has two bedrooms, a bathroom and a small room with a large refrigerator (for your drinks on the roof terrace) and washing machine.  The master bedroom is on the backside of the building and has one large two person bed (2m x 1,80m). The other room has a sleeping cou","Welcome to our bright & spacious apartment on the two top floors of a typical Amsterdam building in a very nice area close to the Vondelpark. We are sure you will love it because it's large, bright, tastefully decorated, with a fully equipped open plan kitchen and a roof terrace. Located in the popular neighbourhood of Oud West, in the heart of the city and close to the Vondelpark, Jordaan and the canals. Welcome! Bright and spacious apartment on the top two floors, perfectly located in 'Oud-West', whithin 5 minutes walking distance to the Vondelpark and close to the city centre. Perfect for couples, business travelers, families and a small group of friends. The apartment has a total of 110 m2, a balcony and roof terrace. It has central heating and wifi.  The 1st floor of the apartment is an open space with a fully equiped open kitchen, large dining table and doors to the balcony. On the street side there is a comfortable living with a digital lcd (flat screen) television with cable an","Our apartment is located in a quiet street, yet lively and popular neighborhood with many shops, cafes and cozy restaurants.  The neighbourhood has a great mix of culture and economic levels. It's a melting pot with lots of students, young creative people as well as families with (small) children. The area is within walking distance of the Vondelpark, Amsterdam's most popular park. It's near the museum disctrict with the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh musem and the Stedelijk museum. And it's within 10 minutes of the city centers beautiful canals.","Tram 1 will lead staight to the Leidseplein, the canals and the Jordaan. Amsterdam Central Train Station is 25 minutes away by tram (tram 1 or tram 17). Parking facilities: you can park the car in the street but tickets costs 28 euro for 24 hours. Sunday is free. It's much cheaper to park in the garage P+R Bos & Lommer where you pay 1 euro per 24 hours at the condition that you take the tram to a stop in the centre of the city. The stop Kinkerstraat/Jan Pieter Heyestraat is considered centre of the city. This is about 12 minutes from the garage. And it is a 5 minutes walk from our apartment. You can also find this information on the website of I Amsterdam under 'Plan your trip'.",Please treat the apartment respectuffly. Smoking is permitted on the balcony only. Be respectful of the neighbours and keep noise to a minimum after 11 PM during weekdays and midnight in the weekend. It is strictly forbidden to flush tampons or pads into the toilet.  Please do NOT play piano... The use of the apartment is limited to the guests staying at the apartment.
