"Rated 5 stars by everyone. Our new studio has big windows, a large terrace and is 200m from the major museums, in a chique and quiet street. It has a private bathroom and kitchen and is on the top floor (beware: there is no lift!).","Rated 5 stars by everyone. Our new studio has big windows, a large terrace and is 200m from the major museums, in a chique and quiet street. It has a private bathroom and kitchen and is on the top floor (beware: there is no lift!). Top floor private studio located 200 meters from the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh museum and the Stedelijk museum. Rated five stars by everybody who stayed with us. Our place is in a quiet street, right next to city centre, the canals and the lively streetmarket and many restaurants in the trendy neighbourhood De Pijp. Public transport, shops, bars, restaurants, the Vondelpark. Everything is less than a 2-5 min walk.  The 40 sq.m. private apartment is on the top floor of a 3-floor house. Please note: there is no lift and the stairs are somewhat steep (like all typical Dutch houses). The studio is completely private on the top floor - with private kitchen, private bathroom and additionally a large and sunny roof terrace with Mexican wood burning stove and terrac","Rated 5 stars by everyone. Our new studio has big windows, a large terrace and is 200m from the major museums, in a chique and quiet street. It has a private bathroom and kitchen and is on the top floor (beware: there is no lift!). Rated 5 stars by everyone. Our new studio has big windows, a large terrace and is 200m from the major museums, in a chique and quiet street. It has a private bathroom and kitchen and is on the top floor (beware: there is no lift!). Top floor private studio located 200 meters from the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh museum and the Stedelijk museum. Rated five stars by everybody who stayed with us. Our place is in a quiet street, right next to city centre, the canals and the lively streetmarket and many restaurants in the trendy neighbourhood De Pijp. Public transport, shops, bars, restaurants, the Vondelpark. Everything is less than a 2-5 min walk.  The 40 sq.m. private apartment is on the top floor of a 3-floor house. Please note: there is no lift and the stairs a","It is quiet but super central and close to all the main attractions. There are many restaurants, from chique and trendy to basic.","THE NEIGHBOURHOOD: It is quiet but super central and close to all the main attractions. There are many restaurants, from chique and trendy to basic. The museumsquare, at 150m, is a hub in Amsterdam - with many trams and busses into all directions. Including the direct bus 197 to Schiphol Airport. Arrival from the airport: Take bus 197. It leaves the airport in front of the arrival hall, and stops at the Museumsquare, which is a two minute walk from the house. The bus takes 25 minutes and is cheap. It is easier than taking a train to the central station first.  Arrival from the Central Train Station: take tram 24 or 5, exit at Museumsquare. Again, a two minute walk to the house Getting around: Lots of public transport stops at the Museumsquare, in front of the Concertgebouw (Concert Building). Tram (phone number hidden) go in all directions of the city.    If you arrive by car, take the ring (A10) and exit at the RAI, on the south of the city.","(1) Copy of passport / valid ID (2) Since we share the entrance, and you will pass through our house to reach the studio, there are no other guests allowed, no parties, no late night music and so on...  (3) No smoking inside. On the terrace is fine of course! (4) If you break something, please let us know. It happens, it's ok, but we'd like to know. (5) Help us keep the place tidy and nice."
