"Bright and lovely decorated 2 bedroom apartment in the Brooklyn of Amsterdam, Amsterdam East, 10 minutes from city centre! Ideal for couple + baby, comfortable for group of 4 friends.","Our place lies in one of the most beautiful streets of Amsterdam's Indische Buurt! The apartment is on the second floor* and very spacious: living room with open kitchen, 1 double bed in master bedroom, 1 single bed + baby cot in baby bedroom, 1 bathroom, toilet and 2 balconies! It is ideal for a small family like us, couple + baby/child, but also comfortable for a group of 4!","Bright and lovely decorated 2 bedroom apartment in the Brooklyn of Amsterdam, Amsterdam East, 10 minutes from city centre! Ideal for couple + baby, comfortable for group of 4 friends. Our place lies in one of the most beautiful streets of Amsterdam's Indische Buurt! The apartment is on the second floor* and very spacious: living room with open kitchen, 1 double bed in master bedroom, 1 single bed + baby cot in baby bedroom, 1 bathroom, toilet and 2 balconies! It is ideal for a small family like us, couple + baby/child, but also comfortable for a group of 4! We have all amenities to make a home feel like home! You are free to use our kitchen, washing machine, entertainment system, games, etc We are renting out the place when we are out of town, so our interaction will be limited, however I will make sure we have good agreements and communication via email/ (Hidden by Airbnb) /phone. Our neighbours can take good care of you :) Amsterdam East is the new Brooklyn. It is upcoming, diverse a","Amsterdam East is the new Brooklyn. It is upcoming, diverse and has a great vibe. We are in one of the most beautiful street of this hood ""Indische Buurt' and we have all the convenience at our fingertips. Supermarket, bakery, hip coffee places, concept stores, but also little grocery stores, coffeeshops, kebab and nailsalons! Also a little walk from our house you have the lovely Flevopark with a great terrace 'Nieuwe Diep', daily fresh produce market 'Dapper Markt' and also the zoo ""Artis"" is in walking distance!",Train - 5 min walk to Amsterdam Muiderpoort train station (5 min train from central station) Bicycle - 10 min to city centre Tram 3 - 20 min. to Leidseplein Tram 7 - 15 min. to Rijksmuseam Bus 22 - 20 min. to Haarlemmerstraat or Jordaan Car - 10 min to highway and paid parking in street or park+ride parking outside of city for more than 1 day recommended ,"No smoking in the house, use balconies! No pets! Up to date and full airbnb profile is appreciated, we like to know a bit more about our guests!"
