"Nice 60m2 apartment near the beautiful Vondelpark. Relax in the bright living room with open kitchen, take a nap in the separate bedroom with double bed and enjoy the boats go by from the sunny balcony. Includes a complete kitchen, bathroom & toilet.","The apartment has windows all around, giving it an even more spacious feel than it already has. The bright apartment is well sized for its inner city location and gives you all the room you need to eat, relax and sleep. The living room and open kitchen are great for enjoying a meal on the large kitchen table (made from ship wreckage wood). The kitchen is perfectly equipped to cook. It features a large refrigerator, freezer, gas stove, tosti maker, oven, microwave and dishwasher. In the living, you can chill-out on the three-person sofa and watch some tv on the flat screen television. For readers, there's a wall filled with books and a swiveling chair to get in the zone. After a long day of sightseeing, you need a good bed. Therefore, the bedroom has a full double bed and windows that provide for some fresh air while you count sheep. The bathroom is small but surprisingly efficient in its use. A nice shower and basin give you everything you need to start your day fresh. Practically the ","Nice 60m2 apartment near the beautiful Vondelpark. Relax in the bright living room with open kitchen, take a nap in the separate bedroom with double bed and enjoy the boats go by from the sunny balcony. Includes a complete kitchen, bathroom & toilet. The apartment has windows all around, giving it an even more spacious feel than it already has. The bright apartment is well sized for its inner city location and gives you all the room you need to eat, relax and sleep. The living room and open kitchen are great for enjoying a meal on the large kitchen table (made from ship wreckage wood). The kitchen is perfectly equipped to cook. It features a large refrigerator, freezer, gas stove, tosti maker, oven, microwave and dishwasher. In the living, you can chill-out on the three-person sofa and watch some tv on the flat screen television. For readers, there's a wall filled with books and a swiveling chair to get in the zone. After a long day of sightseeing, you need a good bed. Therefore, the b","Ah, Amsterdam Old West. Not yet tourist-ridden, but on the come-up. The neighbourhood is shaped by both its broad and busy canals and by the famous Vondelpark. Our very own Central Park, the lungs of the city.  In a 5-10 minute walk, you'll find everything you need, from good restaurants, classic bars and a not so average club to several supermarkets, boutiques and bike rentals. And when you have a bike (or go by public transport), the city opens up. In 10-20 minutes, you're on the doorstep of every big attraction there is. A stroll or bike ride through the Vondelpark will bring you to the Leidseplein. Take the Kinkerstraat and you'll end up in the Jordaan with its famous nine-streets shopping district. Or go east and find yourself making the hard choice between the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum. Even the Anne Frank House, Red light district, Dam Square and several train stations can be found in 15 minutes by bike.","The apartment is easily reached by public transportation. A three-minute walk brings you to a tram stop where you can jump on Tram 1. This line brings you all the way to Central station but stops throughout the centre of the city before that. If you arrive at Schiphol airport, you'll be on the sofa in approximately 30 minutes. There are several ways to make the trip, so please let me know when you arrive and I'll find the one that suits you. For getting around, a bike is best by far. If you'd like to rent a bike,  I can point you to several nearby places. For those less confident on the wheels of steel or in public transport, a 30-45 minute walk will get you almost everywhere.","There a couple of simple rules to follow: 1. No smoking and no drugs at all, this includes marihuana/weed/pot/however you kids name it these days 2. No pets 3. No loud noises after 23u. Like any big city apartment the neighbours are close by, please be polite. 4. No parties or get-togethers. If you like to party, that's fine, let me know and I'll tell where the best spots are (def. not my place :)) 5. Leave the apartment as you found it, this means: put the trash in the trashcan, throw away left-over food and drinks, and return any shuffled furniture to their original position."
