"My appartement is light, clean, fresh and very comfortable. All utilities that you need on a daily base are present and the living room is extremely spacious. A little pearl in Amsterdam","Hello traveller :) Thank you so much for having a closer look at my apartment! My apartment is located at the very popular and upcoming neighbourhood Oud-West. There are 7 trams within 200 meters walking distance from my house!! There is a lovely daily neighbourhood market 50 meters from my house (I have double glass window so you wont hear a thing) where you can buy all your fruits and vegetables :) In addition to that there are some cool restaurants, bars, and hang out places just around the corner.  Walking distances: * Central station 20 min  * Dam square 15 min  * Leidse square 10 min  * Rembrandt square 20 min  * Museum square 15 min  * Vondelpark 5 min  * Jordaan area 10 min  * Biggest shopping area Kalverstraat 15 min  * Restaurants, bars and coffeeshops 5 min  * Cinemas and Theaters 10 min  * Van Gogh Museum 15 min  * Rijksmuseum 15 min  * Anne Frank House (Jordaan)10 min The apartment itself is located on the third floor and is very bright as it is located on a corner. It is ","My appartement is light, clean, fresh and very comfortable. All utilities that you need on a daily base are present and the living room is extremely spacious. A little pearl in Amsterdam Hello traveller :) Thank you so much for having a closer look at my apartment! My apartment is located at the very popular and upcoming neighbourhood Oud-West. There are 7 trams within 200 meters walking distance from my house!! There is a lovely daily neighbourhood market 50 meters from my house (I have double glass window so you wont hear a thing) where you can buy all your fruits and vegetables :) In addition to that there are some cool restaurants, bars, and hang out places just around the corner.  Walking distances: * Central station 20 min  * Dam square 15 min  * Leidse square 10 min  * Rembrandt square 20 min  * Museum square 15 min  * Vondelpark 5 min  * Jordaan area 10 min  * Biggest shopping area Kalverstraat 15 min  * Restaurants, bars and coffeeshops 5 min  * Cinemas and Theaters 10 min  * ",,"Obviously the Netherlands is known for its bikes, so feel free to try it out! But please be sure to be careful. Other means of transportation are tram numb (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) and 14 all of them are within 2 minute walking distance.",Just the occassional: - Please clean up - Please be cautious - Please dont smoke or give parties - Please dont use drugs - Please close windows and door (gently) when leaving - Please be respectful towards the neighbours
