"We, Olaf and Quirine, feel blessed to live in this bright house with sunny garden. It offers the best of both worlds. Due to its quiet location at the edge of the citycenter with very easy acces to all the major sights and sees, it is outstanding!","We, Olaf and Quirine, feel blessed to live in this bright house with sunny garden. It offers the best of both worlds. Due to its quiet location at the edge of the citycenter with very easy acces to all the major sights and sees, it is the ideal house for people who want to discover Amsterdam and are at the same time looking for a relaxing retreat away from noisy city life. The house has a large living room and a semi-open kitchen with all necessary equipment including a dishwasher, hot air oven, large fridge, microwave and professional coffee machine. It has a separate toilet and  a small bathroom with shower, a small study and a two person-bedroom with view of the terrace and garden. There is a washing machine you can use and bedlinnen and towels will be provided. And last but not least we also have three extremely friendly and cuddly cats. The house is situated 200 metres from the famous Vondelpark with it's open air theatre and lovely terrace cafes. It is located in Oud-Zuid, near t","We, Olaf and Quirine, feel blessed to live in this bright house with sunny garden. It offers the best of both worlds. Due to its quiet location at the edge of the citycenter with very easy acces to all the major sights and sees, it is outstanding! We, Olaf and Quirine, feel blessed to live in this bright house with sunny garden. It offers the best of both worlds. Due to its quiet location at the edge of the citycenter with very easy acces to all the major sights and sees, it is the ideal house for people who want to discover Amsterdam and are at the same time looking for a relaxing retreat away from noisy city life. The house has a large living room and a semi-open kitchen with all necessary equipment including a dishwasher, hot air oven, large fridge, microwave and professional coffee machine. It has a separate toilet and  a small bathroom with shower, a small study and a two person-bedroom with view of the terrace and garden. There is a washing machine you can use and bedlinnen and t",,Tram and bus connections around the corner!,"Seen we have three cats living in our house that need feeding (food will be provided) and some attention, it is available to cat lovers only. If you are, make yourself at home and enjoy."
