"Explore Amsterdam from this bright and monumental hide-out, either by foot or by bike (rental shops nearby). Or just relax on the big roofterras and enjoy the stunning view of Amsterdam!","The Steve Bikoplein square lies in the Transvaal neighborhood, located near the Amstel river on the western fringe of Amsterdam oost. This part of the city is young and upcoming, bustling and packed with bars and restaurants. The apartment is located on the top floor of a monumental building. Big windows and multiple skylights ensure the sun always shines. We recently built a big terras of 40 m2 on our roof! The apartment fits 2-4 people. It has one large bedroom with a big double bed, and a smaller bedroom which can lodge an additional 2 people on a double air matrass.  The apartment is located on the 4th floor ; no elevator in the building","Explore Amsterdam from this bright and monumental hide-out, either by foot or by bike (rental shops nearby). Or just relax on the big roofterras and enjoy the stunning view of Amsterdam! The Steve Bikoplein square lies in the Transvaal neighborhood, located near the Amstel river on the western fringe of Amsterdam oost. This part of the city is young and upcoming, bustling and packed with bars and restaurants. The apartment is located on the top floor of a monumental building. Big windows and multiple skylights ensure the sun always shines. We recently built a big terras of 40 m2 on our roof! The apartment fits 2-4 people. It has one large bedroom with a big double bed, and a smaller bedroom which can lodge an additional 2 people on a double air matrass.  The apartment is located on the 4th floor ; no elevator in the building The Steve Bikoplein square lies in the Transvaal neighborhood, located near the Amstel river on the western fringe of Amsterdam oost. This part of the city is youn","The Steve Bikoplein square lies in the Transvaal neighborhood, located near the Amstel river on the western fringe of Amsterdam oost. This part of the city is young and upcoming, bustling and packed with bars and restaurants. ","*Public transport: Amstel & Muiderpoort train stations nearby, as well as tram (no. 9) and bus stops (no. 41 & 37). Subway 10 min walk *Two well stocked supermarkets within 200 meters and one very large Albert Heijn supermarket within 400 meters. In addition, several smaller shops are around the corner (including a bakery, a fish monger, a butcher, bicycle shops, and several fruit and vegs stores). The “dapper market” is a bike ride away. *Several parks within vicinity: Oosterpark, Park Frankendael, and Flevopark a bit further *City centre highlights 5-15 min bike ride away *Tropenmuseum and Artis zoo closeby *Restaurants, Coffee Shops, bars and shops within walking distance.  ",
