"My 50 sqm apartment is situated in 'de Pijp' area on the famous Albert Cuypmarket and in an area with restaurants and bars. At 5 minutes walk there is the tram to Central Station, the Heineken brewery and 15 minutes walk to the Leidse square.","The living is very bright with light from both sides and the big doors to the balcony. The sofa bed is also a second bed for 2 persons (very comfortable). The bed room is on the street side, so light sleepers may hear the market being build up in the morning. Before booking, be aware of the three steep stairs, this is typical for Amsterdam houses, but can be a challenge for the elderly.","My 50 sqm apartment is situated in 'de Pijp' area on the famous Albert Cuypmarket and in an area with restaurants and bars. At 5 minutes walk there is the tram to Central Station, the Heineken brewery and 15 minutes walk to the Leidse square. The living is very bright with light from both sides and the big doors to the balcony. The sofa bed is also a second bed for 2 persons (very comfortable). The bed room is on the street side, so light sleepers may hear the market being build up in the morning. Before booking, be aware of the three steep stairs, this is typical for Amsterdam houses, but can be a challenge for the elderly. The whole apartment is at your service, please use it with respect en let it be your comfortable home for the time you spend there! I think we will communicate mainly through airnbnb, often I am not around personally tot meet you or we only see each other when you arrive. If you want, you can always call me and meet,  I am in Amsterdam most of the time. The 'Pijp' ","The 'Pijp' area is very much moving, with a lot of bars and restaurants. The marketstreet is on one side noisy, and on the other hand also brings a very nice atmosphere to the place. Relatives of me own the bicycle shop downstairs, so I really feel at home here!",My place is easelly reached by public transport. Trams to all parts of the city as wel ass central station are all at around 5 minutes walk. If you come by car: it is payed parking in the whole of Amsterdam.,"I will leave the place very nice and clean for you. I would appreciate if you leave it nice as well. If you want to smoke, you can use the balcony, no smoking inside the house. Also, please respect my neighbours, I have a good relation with them and I would like to keep it that way. Thanks! Babies and children are welcome, although the steep stairs can be a challenge and I have no baby bed to provide you with."
