"Welcome to our beautiful family apartment. It's a spacious modern-renovated apartment with all amenities in a centrally located neighbourhood (Spaarndammerbuurt, Westerpark). A beautiful characteristic neighborhood of Amsterdam, the house is listed as a city monument. Only a ten-minutes walk from the centre of Amsterdam 'Jordaan'. Five-minutes walk from the spacious Westerpark with a lot of nice cultural hotspots.  100 sqm with two bedrooms and a very big living room/ open kitchen.","Our spacious apartment is situated on the fourth floor. A very bright and spacious living room with an open-kitchen, dining area and one large nice sofa to relax on. Children love to play in this area. It is unusually large for Amsterdam houses. The apartment is part of a large building which is designed in the famous and characteristic architecture style 'Amsterdamse School'. It is completely modernised and up to modern standards. Dishwasher, oven, coffee on the stove (percolator), toaster, blender, washing machine, 1 double kingsize bed, 1 single bed, 1 matras on the floor available, 1 or 2 small kids beds. Maximum of 4 adult guests, or 2 adults and 2/3 children It is possible to park your child buggy in the entrance hall of the ground floor, so you don't have to take it up the stairs.  One bedroom with a kingsize bed (200x210). An other bedroom is available only if you book with more than 2 quests. In this second bedroom  one adult bed (90x200) and one 'smaller' bed are available (u","Welcome to our beautiful family apartment. It's a spacious modern-renovated apartment with all amenities in a centrally located neighbourhood (Spaarndammerbuurt, Westerpark). A beautiful characteristic neighborhood of Amsterdam, the house is listed as a city monument. Only a ten-minutes walk from the centre of Amsterdam 'Jordaan'. Five-minutes walk from the spacious Westerpark with a lot of nice cultural hotspots.  100 sqm with two bedrooms and a very big living room/ open kitchen. Our spacious apartment is situated on the fourth floor. A very bright and spacious living room with an open-kitchen, dining area and one large nice sofa to relax on. Children love to play in this area. It is unusually large for Amsterdam houses. The apartment is part of a large building which is designed in the famous and characteristic architecture style 'Amsterdamse School'. It is completely modernised and up to modern standards. Dishwasher, oven, coffee on the stove (percolator), toaster, blender, washing","Very close to city centre but in a quiet street & neighbourhood. All facilities like supermarkets and other shops closeby. Up and coming neighbourhood. With al lot of nice little bars and restaurants, pop-up stores. And a big nice park just around the corner with a lot of possibilities to run, cycle and skate. In the Westerpark there are al lot of events like Sunday Market or food markets. Walking distance from the city centre, but also very easy to public transport. Also nearby is the price winning shopping street Haarlemmerstraat with nice boutiques, bars and restaurants. The canals and Jordaan area are also very closeby. For kids equally great: Children friendly neighbourhood with lots of playgrounds. Westerpark has a petting zoo and paddling pool for the little ones on a hot day.","The local transport is easy, in a 3 minute walk you can find a bus stop to central station. By bus 22 it's only 10 minutes to Central Station (or if you have time a 25 minute walk through the nice Haarlemmerstraat).  It's 10 minutes by foot to Haarlemmerplein where you can catch several trams to different parts of the city, line 3 for example brings you to the Museum district and the lovely neighborhood the Pijp.  At this Haarlemmerplein, the start of the neighborhood 'Jordaan', you can hire bicycles. Rent a bike Westerpark, Haarlemmerplein 33. Coming from Central Station (Amsterdam CS): take bus 22 till stop 'Nova Zemblastraat'. Than it's just a 3 minutes walk.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - our home is only suited for families, couples and business trips. - please respect the house and the neighbourhood: quiet time after 9 pm. - please keep the noise down within the building (of course also in the apartment), as the building is shared with other people; - also keep the noise down outside in the street and in front of the door downstairs at the street, it is a quiet 'living' neighbourhood; - we have wonderful neighbours so we kindly ask you to respect them; - no loud music; - no smoking and/or using drugs in de apartment and/or on the balcony; - no parties, no quests; Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment. We guarantee a clean house when checking in. When checking out, please leave the apartment in a clean state; We charge €30 for late check ins after 8.00 PM."
