"My apartment has a very light living room with a free view from the large windows. For lounging there is a big comfortable couch. The kitchen has an oven, dishwasher, fridge and a big stove for some great cooking! You can use whatever I have laying around. Free wifi.","My apartment has a very light living room with a free view from the large windows. For lounging there is a big comfortable couch. The kitchen has an oven, dishwasher, fridge and a big stove with four gas rings for some great cooking! You can use whatever I have laying around in my kitchen or fridge. The apartment has a fast WIFI (wireless) internet connection. The apartment has two bedrooms, but only one bedroom is available. The other bedroom is too full due to my passion for collection :) The bedroom has one bed for two persons. The bathroom has a small bath with shower, toilet and a washing machine which you can use if needed. You will fully enjoy your privacy by using the apartment all for yourself. Please understand that the apartment is built in the 30s and that I would like to continue my pleasant relation with my neighbors. So please don't bring a party to my home. The apartment contains everything you need during your stay: * 1 double bed for 2 persons  (140 cm) * free wifi in","My apartment has a very light living room with a free view from the large windows. For lounging there is a big comfortable couch. The kitchen has an oven, dishwasher, fridge and a big stove for some great cooking! You can use whatever I have laying around. Free wifi. My apartment has a very light living room with a free view from the large windows. For lounging there is a big comfortable couch. The kitchen has an oven, dishwasher, fridge and a big stove with four gas rings for some great cooking! You can use whatever I have laying around in my kitchen or fridge. The apartment has a fast WIFI (wireless) internet connection. The apartment has two bedrooms, but only one bedroom is available. The other bedroom is too full due to my passion for collection :) The bedroom has one bed for two persons. The bathroom has a small bath with shower, toilet and a washing machine which you can use if needed. You will fully enjoy your privacy by using the apartment all for yourself. Please understand t","My apartment is located on the border of ‘Oud West' and “the Baarsjes"". It´s only fifteen minutes by foot to the historic city center. I also have 2 bikes available for free. Exploring Amsterdam is best by bike. The apartment is located on a quiet street, so no traffic noise. It´s easy accessible by public transport or car. From Schiphol Airport it will take you approximately 30 minutes by public transport to arrive at my house. A friendly neighborhood with bakeries, groceries, a large supermarket, café's, lunchrooms restaurants and take-aways just around the corner.  Walking distances: * Central station 25 min  * Dam square 20 min  * Leidse square 15 min  * Rembrandt square 25 min  * Museum square 20 min  * Vondelpark 10 min  * Jordaan area 10 min",Tram 13 from central station to my appartment takes 15 minutes. Please note that tram 12 and 14 also closely pass my appartment.,"Respect the apartment and the neighbours (please put out your shoes inside).  No smoking inside please, there is a balcony Please don't bring the party to my home.  Please leave the apartment as you found it."
