Stay in the very centre of Amsterdam on one of the widest canals of the city. The large apartment (100 sq m.) with sweeping canal view is located in the old city near Waterloo Square (the flea market) and the Nieuwmarkt.,"Stay in the very centre of Amsterdam on one of the widest canals of the city. The large apartment (100 sq m.) with sweeping canal view is located in the old city near Waterloo Square (the flea market) and the Nieuwmarkt. The quiet Oudeschans hardly has any traffic (mostly cyclists and pedestrians). The Opera House, Hermitage Museum, Rembrandt House, Amsterdam Zoo (Artis), cafes and restaurants are around the corner. There are no noisy cafes or restaurants on the Oudeschans itself; that's all within a few minutes walking distance (but not on your doorstep). You are near Nieuwmarkt underground station (1st from Central Station) and Waterlooplein underground station (2nd from Central Station) and tram stops.  The 2-room apartment (on the 2nd floor in a 17th century listed building) has all amenities: central heating, fully equipped kitchen, digital TV and radio, (free and secure) WIFI, stereo radio and CD player, washer/dryer. Large bedroom (with double bed and chairs) and walk-in closet ","Stay in the very centre of Amsterdam on one of the widest canals of the city. The large apartment (100 sq m.) with sweeping canal view is located in the old city near Waterloo Square (the flea market) and the Nieuwmarkt. Stay in the very centre of Amsterdam on one of the widest canals of the city. The large apartment (100 sq m.) with sweeping canal view is located in the old city near Waterloo Square (the flea market) and the Nieuwmarkt. The quiet Oudeschans hardly has any traffic (mostly cyclists and pedestrians). The Opera House, Hermitage Museum, Rembrandt House, Amsterdam Zoo (Artis), cafes and restaurants are around the corner. There are no noisy cafes or restaurants on the Oudeschans itself; that's all within a few minutes walking distance (but not on your doorstep). You are near Nieuwmarkt underground station (1st from Central Station) and Waterlooplein underground station (2nd from Central Station) and tram stops.  The 2-room apartment (on the 2nd floor in a 17th century listed",....,...,...
