"East Amsterdam, 12,5  sqm lounge & chill raft with 2 pax tent & airbed, diveboard, bbq, table and if the need arises towels, beanbag & coolbox. Ideal for outdoorsy people, away from it all but wifi available if you insist to share the experience. Morning coffee included. Kindly bring your own sleeping bags.","It is a small lake, secluded yet on 15 min bike to downtown Amsterdam. You can take the rowing skiff /canoe to the Flevopark to frisbee, football or take a morning jog.  Pickup or drop-off by sloop for you, your luggage/bike can be arranged @ a modest fee. Luggage can be left late or dropped off early. Guiness Book of Records is pondering over recognizing it as the smallest floating campsite in the world.","East Amsterdam, 12,5  sqm lounge & chill raft with 2 pax tent & airbed, diveboard, bbq, table and if the need arises towels, beanbag & coolbox. Ideal for outdoorsy people, away from it all but wifi available if you insist to share the experience. Morning coffee included. Kindly bring your own sleeping bags. It is a small lake, secluded yet on 15 min bike to downtown Amsterdam. You can take the rowing skiff /canoe to the Flevopark to frisbee, football or take a morning jog.  Pickup or drop-off by sloop for you, your luggage/bike can be arranged @ a modest fee. Luggage can be left late or dropped off early. Guiness Book of Records is pondering over recognizing it as the smallest floating campsite in the world. Unlimited swimming water, a good view, peace, quiet and such.  Canoe and/ or rowing boat included.  BBQ with coals, bit of firewood, plates, cutlery idem.  If you can sail: Europe dinghy available.  ""It is like an uninhabited island in an urban environment"" as one of the guests des","For your on-shore entertainment the neighborhood offers the Javaplein with the Wilde Zwijnen restaurant, a Thai place, and the Badhuis eat-cafe. The fine restaurant Polder is also 5 bike-min away as is the Studio K club/cinema/barfood entertainment complex and a great many bars in the Javastraat","Trams 7 & 14 stop nearby, a car can be parked on a nearby street and there is secure on-site bike parking.  From the ""Flevopark"" tramstop, walk into the park, past a playground, cross a small bridge and it is a 100 meters after that, on your left.  It is on the west side of the Nieuwe Diep lake, next to the ""Gemaal"" distillery & bar.   Arriving directly from Schiphol Airport I recommend you book the ""taxi-electric"" or take a train to Sloterdijk & hop on the 22 bus to Javaplein, 5 min from here.","Treat it as if you are the owner.  Use the diving board with a forward rather than upward thrust as I am not entirely certain about the contraption's fastening.  Renting period covers 24 hours but if I have no subsequent bookings, there is no need to hurry with checkout."
