"This spacious apartment with a canal view is located in the heart of the historic ""Jordaan"" district in the center of Amsterdam, yet it is quiet so you can relax. The modern interieur of the house, the location and view makes this place unique!","This spacious renewed apartment with a canal view is located in the heart of the historic ""Jordaan"" district in the center of Amsterdam! Although it is in the centre, it is quiet and peaceful so you can relax when you stay in. The apartment is situated on the second floor.  The fully equiped kitchen includes a combined oven and microwave, a Siemens gas stove, a dishwasher and a Nespresso coffee machine and cups. Feel free to use anything you need including, umbrella's, tea, spices, oil & vinegar. In the living room there is a large dining table and a large couch. You can enjoy the great view over the canal and open the door to the balcony. There is a Philips Smart + tv with a USB entrance, a dvd-player and wireless Wi-Fi.  There are two bedrooms, both with a view over the canal which can accommodate up to four guests. There is a double bed (160 x 200 cm) in the masterbedroom and two single beds (80 x 200) in the second bedroom that can be easily connected for a couple. A fifth person c","This spacious apartment with a canal view is located in the heart of the historic ""Jordaan"" district in the center of Amsterdam, yet it is quiet so you can relax. The modern interieur of the house, the location and view makes this place unique! This spacious renewed apartment with a canal view is located in the heart of the historic ""Jordaan"" district in the center of Amsterdam! Although it is in the centre, it is quiet and peaceful so you can relax when you stay in. The apartment is situated on the second floor.  The fully equiped kitchen includes a combined oven and microwave, a Siemens gas stove, a dishwasher and a Nespresso coffee machine and cups. Feel free to use anything you need including, umbrella's, tea, spices, oil & vinegar. In the living room there is a large dining table and a large couch. You can enjoy the great view over the canal and open the door to the balcony. There is a Philips Smart + tv with a USB entrance, a dvd-player and wireless Wi-Fi.  There are two bedrooms","The apartment is situated in the Jordaan area which is next to the city center, but far enough to have some peace.","The tram/ busstop is around the corner 50 m., from which you can get anywhere. Amsterdam Central station is about 10 minutes by tram/bus. To go to the beach 'Zandvoort aan zee', you can take the bus 80 that stops on the crossing busstop near the apartment. Parking garage:  Q- Park Marnixstraat, 5 minute walk","Please respect the neighbours: keep the noise down in the hallway/ staircase.  Due to the noisy floor please only wear shoes with rubber soles inside.  No drugs, no (loud) music"
