,"Beautiful spacious and light appartment for rent in the center at the canals of Amsterdam.  The canalhouse is 75m2, spacious, light and in the heart of Amsterdam and in the middle of the famous Nine streets of Amsterdam. The appartment has a spacious  livingroom with with a nice fireplace and a big tv screen. In the livingroom there is a 2 persons couch/bed to sleep on. The house has a million dollar view at the canal, herengracht. The sun shines in the house around 2 in the afternoon untill 7 in the evening. The windows are exceptionally big and you can open them which is unique in Amsterdam. You can sit in the window and enjoy the sun and watch the boats. In the back of the studio there is a dining place with a big dining table. You can also find the kitchen here.  At the back of the house you can find the bedroom. When you go to bed you will not hear any noise from the canals.  There is also is a little laundry space so you can easily wash your clothes. The appartment includes two t","Beautiful spacious and light appartment for rent in the center at the canals of Amsterdam.  The canalhouse is 75m2, spacious, light and in the heart of Amsterdam and in the middle of the famous Nine streets of Amsterdam. The appartment has a spacious  livingroom with with a nice fireplace and a big tv screen. In the livingroom there is a 2 persons couch/bed to sleep on. The house has a million dollar view at the canal, herengracht. The sun shines in the house around 2 in the afternoon untill 7 in the evening. The windows are exceptionally big and you can open them which is unique in Amsterdam. You can sit in the window and enjoy the sun and watch the boats. In the back of the studio there is a dining place with a big dining table. You can also find the kitchen here.  At the back of the house you can find the bedroom. When you go to bed you will not hear any noise from the canals.  There is also is a little laundry space so you can easily wash your clothes. The appartment includes two t",,,
