"In the city CENTRE of Amsterdam. Historical (Renovated) apartment for (max) 3 people. 1 bedroom with a french balcony overlooking the famous Amsterdam Canals. The house is in a residential area with a 10min walk to main attractions. **This apartment is not a regular Airbnb apartment which only limited people can stay during our vacations. Therefore, we only accept families with grown kids. Our limitations is only for preserving the status our home. I hope you would understand our concerns.**",,"In the city CENTRE of Amsterdam. Historical (Renovated) apartment for (max) 3 people. 1 bedroom with a french balcony overlooking the famous Amsterdam Canals. The house is in a residential area with a 10min walk to main attractions. **This apartment is not a regular Airbnb apartment which only limited people can stay during our vacations. Therefore, we only accept families with grown kids. Our limitations is only for preserving the status our home. I hope you would understand our concerns.** It is such a nice, local and friendly area. There are nice bars,cafes and restaurants (even in the street) around. I would give you nice recommendations to have a local taste. The transportation is so convenient to the entertainment and historical site visits. Everything is in 10-15 min walk. I advise you to hire a bike which will be less costly than trams. (There is a nice rent shop in Overtoom)  Besides, transportation to Schiphol ;  1 - It is just 10 min walk to Leidseplein where the direct buss","It is such a nice, local and friendly area. There are nice bars,cafes and restaurants (even in the street) around. I would give you nice recommendations to have a local taste.","The transportation is so convenient to the entertainment and historical site visits. Everything is in 10-15 min walk. I advise you to hire a bike which will be less costly than trams. (There is a nice rent shop in Overtoom)  Besides, transportation to Schiphol ;  1 - It is just 10 min walk to Leidseplein where the direct busses depart to Schiphol (will take app 35-40 min)  2 - Also you can take trams to Lelylaan Station (10 min) which train takes 7-8 min. to Schiphol.  3 - The taxi from centraal station will be 10 min with 12-13 euro. (my suggestion) and then take the train to Schiphol. 4 - I would not advise to take a direct taxi to Schiphol which will cost 40-45 EUR.",We have a detailed house rules document which will be provided once we shake hands. Please kindly be informed that since this is a living house (Not for a space for guest or Airbnb) you may find nearly all amenities and necessities available in the house.
