Super central located. Close to all attractions. 5 mins walk from central station. Dam square is on the corner!,"Dam Square: Just a 5-minute walk! The house is only 10 minutes walk from the Central Station. You are in the heart of the city with everything of interest within a short walk: the UNESCO world heritage canal ring, the famous museums, the Anne Frank house, etc. The Sint Nicolaasstraat in the very centre of Amsterdam. It is a quiet street with only pedestrians and bicycles. Elegantly styled, relaxing home  bright living with many windows  Fully equipped kitchen  Dongle Internet  Just a short walk from Dam Square (5 min), Flower Market (15 min), Leidseplein (15 min), and around the corner from 9 Stratjes (street with a great number of unique, eye-catching stores. Lifestyle, interior design, fashion, gifts, gourmet food, music and literature. A group of streets that will leave you overwhelmed with options. You will also find authentic, welcoming bars and restaurants between the stores. Apartment details:  - Close to Movie Theaters  - Supermarket 3 min. Walk  - Bars/Restaurants  - Queen Bed","Super central located. Close to all attractions. 5 mins walk from central station. Dam square is on the corner! Dam Square: Just a 5-minute walk! The house is only 10 minutes walk from the Central Station. You are in the heart of the city with everything of interest within a short walk: the UNESCO world heritage canal ring, the famous museums, the Anne Frank house, etc. The Sint Nicolaasstraat in the very centre of Amsterdam. It is a quiet street with only pedestrians and bicycles. Elegantly styled, relaxing home  bright living with many windows  Fully equipped kitchen  Dongle Internet  Just a short walk from Dam Square (5 min), Flower Market (15 min), Leidseplein (15 min), and around the corner from 9 Stratjes (street with a great number of unique, eye-catching stores. Lifestyle, interior design, fashion, gifts, gourmet food, music and literature. A group of streets that will leave you overwhelmed with options. You will also find authentic, welcoming bars and restaurants between the s",,,
