"Your Canal home with a wide view of the Westerpark, nearby shops and many restaurants! A 2 min walk to the bus/tram stop. Stay in comfort with our highspeed WIFI, gourmet kitchen, modern bathroom and a spacious balcony overviewing the inner garden!","Your private apartment for business or holidays in Amsterdam Located in Central Amsterdam, this 900 sq feet (80m2) 3rd floor apartment combines a Canal view with a wide view of the large and versatile Westerpark. In and around this Culture Park you will find trendy bars, all kinds of restaurants, galleries, a cinema and several park terraces. The park is perfect for jogging in the morning or evening walks and has 3 sections: a historic/romantic park, a modern section with cultural institutions and restaurants and a wildlife section. The apartment is conveniently located in the city center, close to the old city. A 10 minute walk and you are in the historic Jordaan area. Here you can walk along the famous canal ""Brouwersgracht"" with its historic bridges and boats on the one side and the historic and the beautiful gabled houses on the other side. Five minutes further and you are at the Anne Frank house.  This apartment has all you need to make your stay in Amsterdam a comfortable one: Th","Your Canal home with a wide view of the Westerpark, nearby shops and many restaurants! A 2 min walk to the bus/tram stop. Stay in comfort with our highspeed WIFI, gourmet kitchen, modern bathroom and a spacious balcony overviewing the inner garden! Your private apartment for business or holidays in Amsterdam Located in Central Amsterdam, this 900 sq feet (80m2) 3rd floor apartment combines a Canal view with a wide view of the large and versatile Westerpark. In and around this Culture Park you will find trendy bars, all kinds of restaurants, galleries, a cinema and several park terraces. The park is perfect for jogging in the morning or evening walks and has 3 sections: a historic/romantic park, a modern section with cultural institutions and restaurants and a wildlife section. The apartment is conveniently located in the city center, close to the old city. A 10 minute walk and you are in the historic Jordaan area. Here you can walk along the famous canal ""Brouwersgracht"" with its histo","The neighborhood is only a 10 min walk away from the bustling old city core. But at home you can relax in peace and enjoy the tranquility of our balcony and the great Westerpark. The modern and exciting, 14-hectare city park that surrounds the Westergasfabriek buildings was designed by Kathryn Gustafson. It is not only a perfect place to relax in natural surroundings, but also a venue for digital art and culture.  Inside the park and in the neighborhood there are plenty of restaurants and little shop.",We have good public transportation: a bus ánd tram stop at 1 minute by foot. With this bus or tram it takes you less then 15 minutes to reach the majority of Amsterdam's attraction. The apartment is located within walking distance (10 min) to the historic Jordaan area and the famous world heritage canals. ,This is a private apartment and we expect our guest to treat it with care. It is NOT allowed to give other persons acces to the apartment and we kindly ask not to play loud music for the comfort of our neighbors.
