"Recently renovated luxurious and spacious apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. (Please note: pictures of renovated bathroom, kitchen etc. will be uploaded soon).","Our recently renovated apartment is the perfect place for enjoying and exploring the city during your break in Amsterdam. Situated in the most well known neighbourhood of Amsterdan, the Jordaan, you can easily discover the surrounding galleries, restaurants and specialist shops by foot. In the immediate vicinity are landmarks such the Prinsengracht, the 'Nine Streets', Leidseplein and the Anne Frank house. Whether by foot or bike, you can easily explore the city's main attractions and make the most of your time during your stay. If you don't feel like cycling, tram and bus stops are a minutes walk away, with easy connections to and from the central station and other destinations around the city.  After a busy day you can relax in comfort in clean, luxurious surroundings. The apartment has large windows with a canal view and accommodates two couples having two bedrooms both with comfortable double beds. The kitchen is fully equipped and perfect for preparing your own meals with fresh in","Recently renovated luxurious and spacious apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. (Please note: pictures of renovated bathroom, kitchen etc. will be uploaded soon). Our recently renovated apartment is the perfect place for enjoying and exploring the city during your break in Amsterdam. Situated in the most well known neighbourhood of Amsterdan, the Jordaan, you can easily discover the surrounding galleries, restaurants and specialist shops by foot. In the immediate vicinity are landmarks such the Prinsengracht, the 'Nine Streets', Leidseplein and the Anne Frank house. Whether by foot or bike, you can easily explore the city's main attractions and make the most of your time during your stay. If you don't feel like cycling, tram and bus stops are a minutes walk away, with easy connections to and from the central station and other destinations around the city.  After a busy day you can relax in comfort in clean, luxurious surroundings. The apartment has large windows with a canal view and ac",,"Bus and tram stops are a stones throw away from the apartment, there is a bicycle rental office a short walk from the apartment and the area around the apartment is perfect to explore on foot. If you are coming to Amsterdam by car, there is a multi-story car park nearby or park-and-ride facilities within reach.",We hope all our guests are respectful of our space while enjoying everything the apartment has to offer. We have a very strict no smoking policy! Unfortunately we cannot accomodate people visiting for stag or hen parties.
