"Bright and quiet apartment with canal view in the Jordaan. Big living room with open plan kitchen, two bedrooms; one loftbedroom with two single beds and one bedroom with a double bed. Inc Wifi, towels and linnen provided. Perfect for families!","Bright apartment on a quiet canal in the famous Jordaan, in the centre of the city.  Perfect for a family with children or 4 adults.  The appartement is on the 3 floor (no elevator!) and is very bright and sunny with windows on both sides of the appartment. There is a big living room with wifi and flatscreen. An open kitchen with everything you will need and a big dining table. On the back of the livingroom there is a nice big sofa and chair to relax. On the same floor there is a separate toilet and a bathroom with bath and seperate shower. By using the stairs in the living room you reach two bedrooms upstairs. One loft like bedroom with two single beds and one bedroom with a double bed.  Linnen and towels are provided. A guidebook of Amsterdam, maps and tips where to go and what to do will be at your disposal on arrival. Wifi, stereo, television is all available. Just around the corner are nice shops,  restaurants and cafés.  Public transport is just around the corner to central stati","Bright and quiet apartment with canal view in the Jordaan. Big living room with open plan kitchen, two bedrooms; one loftbedroom with two single beds and one bedroom with a double bed. Inc Wifi, towels and linnen provided. Perfect for families! Bright apartment on a quiet canal in the famous Jordaan, in the centre of the city.  Perfect for a family with children or 4 adults.  The appartement is on the 3 floor (no elevator!) and is very bright and sunny with windows on both sides of the appartment. There is a big living room with wifi and flatscreen. An open kitchen with everything you will need and a big dining table. On the back of the livingroom there is a nice big sofa and chair to relax. On the same floor there is a separate toilet and a bathroom with bath and seperate shower. By using the stairs in the living room you reach two bedrooms upstairs. One loft like bedroom with two single beds and one bedroom with a double bed.  Linnen and towels are provided. A guidebook of Amsterdam,","The Jordaan is the nicest neighbourhood of Amsterdam. Around the corner is the Westerstraat with cosy side streets with lots of nice places to eat, drink and shop. The Anna Frank house is 5 min. walking. Central train station is 10 minutes walking. The lovely Westerpark is 10 minutes away.","The public transport is just around the corner. Two trams will bring you to all the nice neighbourhoods, the museum quarter and the Vondelpark of the Westerpark.  The bus will take you directly to the Central Train Station of Amsterdam.  There is even a bus that will take you to the beach in one hour drive!",We actually live in the apartment so we ask you to respect the neighbours.  Smoking is not alowed inside the house. If you want to bring a pet please ask me if this is possible.
