"This beautiful apartment is situated on a canal and very close to the city centre. It is located nearby many public transfer possibilities, restaurants, pubs, and a supermarket. The Vondelpark and neighbourhood Jordaan are 5 minutes away.","This luxery corner apartment has one bedroom, one bathroom, a seperate toilet, a living room with open kitchen, a dining room and a small balcony from which you can clearly see the famous Westertoren. Access to free Wifi and cabel television with over 220 chanels. The apartment has it's own bathroom. Only on arrival and departure there will be interaction with the guests.  The apartment is situated on a canal and very close to the centre. It is located nearby many public transfer possibilities and a supermarket (Albert Heijn). The famous Vondelpark is a 5 minute walk from the apartment.  Public transfer is around the corner with trams going in all directions. The entire city can accessed with these trams.","This beautiful apartment is situated on a canal and very close to the city centre. It is located nearby many public transfer possibilities, restaurants, pubs, and a supermarket. The Vondelpark and neighbourhood Jordaan are 5 minutes away. This luxery corner apartment has one bedroom, one bathroom, a seperate toilet, a living room with open kitchen, a dining room and a small balcony from which you can clearly see the famous Westertoren. Access to free Wifi and cabel television with over 220 chanels. The apartment has it's own bathroom. Only on arrival and departure there will be interaction with the guests.  The apartment is situated on a canal and very close to the centre. It is located nearby many public transfer possibilities and a supermarket (Albert Heijn). The famous Vondelpark is a 5 minute walk from the apartment.  Public transfer is around the corner with trams going in all directions. The entire city can accessed with these trams. Access to free Wifi and cabel television with ","West is an exciting, dynamic neighbourhood with lots of cafe's and restaurants. Although there is lots to do nearby, this house has a pleasant quiet atmosphere.",Public transfer is around the corner with trams going in all directions. The entire city can accessed with these trams.,Non smoking in the bedroom.
