This kids friendly groundfloor appt. will make your stay in A'dam very dutch! Breakfast with a view on the Canals? 10min from Anne Frank's house and the Leidseplein! My home is available when I am travelling. It sleeps 4 adults and or two parents with 1 child. One bedroom with two/double bed and one with airbed. Couch as well.,A big open living with wooden floors and a large cuisine with direct view on the canals. A second floor where you find bath/shower/washing amenities and the bedroom. 80M2 in total.,"This kids friendly groundfloor appt. will make your stay in A'dam very dutch! Breakfast with a view on the Canals? 10min from Anne Frank's house and the Leidseplein! My home is available when I am travelling. It sleeps 4 adults and or two parents with 1 child. One bedroom with two/double bed and one with airbed. Couch as well. A big open living with wooden floors and a large cuisine with direct view on the canals. A second floor where you find bath/shower/washing amenities and the bedroom. 80M2 in total. The entire apartment is available it is a two bedroom apartment. Big living on the top floor and downstairs the two bedrooms, bathroom with bath & shower and washing room with washing machine and dryer.  The kidsroom is usually closed, unless you are travelling with kids. There is a double airbed available for groups of 3 or 4 guests, in addition to the master bedroom. The couch in the living can also be used for sleeping one adult. Unfortunately we will probably not meet since I am re",The Jordaan is a very characteristic nice place to begin your holidays. There is a playground nearby and multiple city-farms for kids.,Direct tram-and-buslines are at 2min walk. Connection from the Central Station is 10 minutes. I will give you very detailed instructions upon your reservation.,This appartment is excellent if you are travelling with 2 persons or as a couple with kids. The kids room is usually closed. For grouos of four there is a double airbed available. For groups of 3 the third person usually sleeps on the couch in the livingroom.
