,"Hello! We would like to make our apartment available for others to enjoy Amsterdam during periods of travelling and holiday. Our apartment is small but very cozy (27m2). The livingroom has an open kitchen and a great view over the water. During summertime you can have breakfast on the balcony in the sun (till 3 pm). You can also see the big ships pass by.  The kitchen is modern and renovated. In the bathroom you can find a high toilet (old dutch style) a little washbasin and a rainshower. At the frontside of the apartment you'll find the cupboardbed. Under the cupboardbed there's space to hang your clothes. Our apartment is perfect for couples or individuals as the bed is quiet cozy (140cm-200cm). In the hall there are more than 350 dvd's/blu-ray discs, that you can watch on our 40"" big screen tv.  From the apartment it's about a ten minute walk to the famous Jordaan, where you can find the Anne Frank museum and other activities. Around the apartment there are also many local shops and","Hello! We would like to make our apartment available for others to enjoy Amsterdam during periods of travelling and holiday. Our apartment is small but very cozy (27m2). The livingroom has an open kitchen and a great view over the water. During summertime you can have breakfast on the balcony in the sun (till 3 pm). You can also see the big ships pass by.  The kitchen is modern and renovated. In the bathroom you can find a high toilet (old dutch style) a little washbasin and a rainshower. At the frontside of the apartment you'll find the cupboardbed. Under the cupboardbed there's space to hang your clothes. Our apartment is perfect for couples or individuals as the bed is quiet cozy (140cm-200cm). In the hall there are more than 350 dvd's/blu-ray discs, that you can watch on our 40"" big screen tv.  From the apartment it's about a ten minute walk to the famous Jordaan, where you can find the Anne Frank museum and other activities. Around the apartment there are also many local shops and",See Guidebook. We will have a list of recommendations in our neighborhood upon arrival.,From Schiphol airport you can take the train to station Amsterdam Sloterdijk and then the tram 19 and get off at Willem de Zwijgerlaan. If you come by car it is best to park your car at a P+R at station Amsterdam Sloterdijk and take tram 19 to our apartment. This way you save most parking costs.,Smoking only on the balcony outside
