"Ideally located in the Jordaan area, beautiful canal house with 3 double bedrooms and 1 bedroom for a baby.","Our house is a splendid monumental canal house on the Bloemgracht, with 3 double bedrooms and 1 for a baby, ideal for a family, but everyone is welcome of course. There's one master bedroom with a double bed, one bedroom with a single bed and a trundle bed and one bedroom with a bunkbed. The fourth bedroom is only suitable for a baby.  We live on the ground and the first floor, and have a stunning view over the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam. Located in the historic center the city, all the main attractions are within walking distance, as well as the best restaurants, bars, shops and clubs. The Anne Frank House is only 50 meters away.  Such a special house (135 m2, built in 1700) is rarely found. It's renovated with the highest standards while maintaining it's original details, but it's also a warm family house, where I live with great joy with my two young children.  Unlike most of the other canals in Amsterdam the Bloemgracht is a very quiet street, with hardly any traffic. On a s","Ideally located in the Jordaan area, beautiful canal house with 3 double bedrooms and 1 bedroom for a baby. Our house is a splendid monumental canal house on the Bloemgracht, with 3 double bedrooms and 1 for a baby, ideal for a family, but everyone is welcome of course. There's one master bedroom with a double bed, one bedroom with a single bed and a trundle bed and one bedroom with a bunkbed. The fourth bedroom is only suitable for a baby.  We live on the ground and the first floor, and have a stunning view over the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam. Located in the historic center the city, all the main attractions are within walking distance, as well as the best restaurants, bars, shops and clubs. The Anne Frank House is only 50 meters away.  Such a special house (135 m2, built in 1700) is rarely found. It's renovated with the highest standards while maintaining it's original details, but it's also a warm family house, where I live with great joy with my two young children.  Unlike m","The Jordaan is the most populair neighborhood in Amsterdam. It's a famous district with small streets, full of little shops, cafe's and terraces directly situated at the canals.  Built in the first half of the 17th century, the Jordaan is now one of the most upscale locations in the Netherlands. The Jordaan is friendly, safe and quiet, but also very much alive. The finest restaurants, theaters, cinema's, museums are in walking distance. There are also plenty of activities for children like the famous Artis Zoo and the science museum Nemo.","Public transport is very well organized in Amsterdam, with trains from the railway station and a tramstop nearby the house.",No smoking inside the house!
