"Central apartment overlooking canal. Our clean and cosy canal-facing apartment is right next to the famous Jordaan area and a 10 minute tram ride from central station. It is within walking distance to all the sights yet not in the tourist area so you can mingle with the locals! There are original features dating back to the 1920’s such as high ceilings and wooden floors throughout.  There are also plenty of cafes, bars and restaurants to choose from in the neighbourhood. Some highlights; -Canal Views  -Free Wifi  -Dining Table for 4 people -Fresh bed linen and towels provided -Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher -Bedroom with balcony overlooking quaint gardens -TV/DVD -Quiet and safe street -Sofa bed in living area (extra people additional charge) There is a small shower room and toilet (typically Dutch!) but there is no bathtub. By the way, there is also a supermarket on the corner that is open 7 days a week (usually from 9am until 10pm) that is also very convenient for your stay! ",It will comfortably accomodate 2 people but there is also a sofa bed for 2 additional guests in the living area.,"Central apartment overlooking canal. Our clean and cosy canal-facing apartment is right next to the famous Jordaan area and a 10 minute tram ride from central station. It is within walking distance to all the sights yet not in the tourist area so you can mingle with the locals! There are original features dating back to the 1920’s such as high ceilings and wooden floors throughout.  There are also plenty of cafes, bars and restaurants to choose from in the neighbourhood. Some highlights; -Canal Views  -Free Wifi  -Dining Table for 4 people -Fresh bed linen and towels provided -Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher -Bedroom with balcony overlooking quaint gardens -TV/DVD -Quiet and safe street -Sofa bed in living area (extra people additional charge) There is a small shower room and toilet (typically Dutch!) but there is no bathtub. By the way, there is also a supermarket on the corner that is open 7 days a week (usually from 9am until 10pm) that is also very convenient for your stay! ",,It is centrally located close to a tram intersection that will take you all over the city. There is also a bus from Schipol Airport that will take you within a 10 minute walk to the house. Please be sure to e-mail before booking.,Please be respectful of the neighbours as this is a residential neighbourhood and only smoke on one of the balconies.
