Our cool and spacious loft is perfect for a stay in our lovely and happening city Amsterdam. Located at a canal with an amazing view our place is really comfortable and close to Amsterdam famous Jordaan district & city centre! Bikes included! ,"Welcome to Amsterdam! Since September 2013 we started to rent our apartment for the perfect short-stay!  Our beautiful loft-style apartment is situated in the most lovely area ""Prinseneiland""; the little Venice from Amsterdam. Our house is surrounded with water and if you walk around you will find yourself in a painting from the 17th century.  It's very beautiful and quiet but within a 2 minute walk you are in the Jordaan with our favorite Noordermarkt. Actually everything is just max 10 min away. The cool & happening Westerpark with it's funky bars, restaurants, food-markets and art festivals. The city-center, the Vondelpark, the museum district, the Central Station. Everything is close by and well connected by public transport. We have a 140m2 loft at the ground floor with a 16m2 balcony right at the water.  Our absolute number one is our 45m2 kitchen. It's the heart of our home with a fire place, open doors to our balcony with amazing views over the canals. You will find all the com","Our cool and spacious loft is perfect for a stay in our lovely and happening city Amsterdam. Located at a canal with an amazing view our place is really comfortable and close to Amsterdam famous Jordaan district & city centre! Bikes included! Welcome to Amsterdam! Since September 2013 we started to rent our apartment for the perfect short-stay!  Our beautiful loft-style apartment is situated in the most lovely area ""Prinseneiland""; the little Venice from Amsterdam. Our house is surrounded with water and if you walk around you will find yourself in a painting from the 17th century.  It's very beautiful and quiet but within a 2 minute walk you are in the Jordaan with our favorite Noordermarkt. Actually everything is just max 10 min away. The cool & happening Westerpark with it's funky bars, restaurants, food-markets and art festivals. The city-center, the Vondelpark, the museum district, the Central Station. Everything is close by and well connected by public transport. We have a 140m2 l","Our neighbourhood is ons of the most beautiful parts of Amsterdam, you walk around in a 17th century painting. The 'hood' is next to the Jordaan with lots of (coffee) bars, restaurants, authentic shops, boutiques and culture. ","Easliy, the tram has a stop just around the corner. ",
