"This modern and spacious home of 170 m2 and 45m2 garden has a wonderfully canal view. The property is located in the lovely Helmersbuurt in Old West with all the major museums within walking distance and lots of nice restaurants, Leideseplein, the Canals & 'Nine Streets' close by. 4 Bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.","This super apartment is a ground floor apartment of 170 m2 with a beautiful and spacious canal view and a garden of 45m2. The property is located in the Helmersbuurt, the center of bustling Amsterdam Old West. Old West is known for its cozy atmosphere, the numerous cafés and trendy restaurants with the Leidseplein, the Jordaan, 'nine streets' and all the great museums (Stedelijk, Van Gogh, RIjksmuseum, Anne Frank House) within walking distance. The Vondelpark is around the corner and the Westerpark, neighborhood the Pipe and Dam Square is a 5-minute bike ride away. The apartment is ensuite floor and consists of a large bright living room, open kitchen with dishwasher, Nespresso (coffee) machine, large gas stove and oven. The living room adjoins the dining room which you can also close through sliding doors. There is a children chair available. From the dining room you get to the balcony where you can sit in the sun in the afternoon. The first bedroom with a double mattress with private","This modern and spacious home of 170 m2 and 45m2 garden has a wonderfully canal view. The property is located in the lovely Helmersbuurt in Old West with all the major museums within walking distance and lots of nice restaurants, Leideseplein, the Canals & 'Nine Streets' close by. 4 Bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. This super apartment is a ground floor apartment of 170 m2 with a beautiful and spacious canal view and a garden of 45m2. The property is located in the Helmersbuurt, the center of bustling Amsterdam Old West. Old West is known for its cozy atmosphere, the numerous cafés and trendy restaurants with the Leidseplein, the Jordaan, 'nine streets' and all the great museums (Stedelijk, Van Gogh, RIjksmuseum, Anne Frank House) within walking distance. The Vondelpark is around the corner and the Westerpark, neighborhood the Pipe and Dam Square is a 5-minute bike ride away. The apartment is ensuite floor and consists of a large bright living room, open kitchen with dishwasher, Nespresso (co","Het is een hele gezellige buurt, super centraal en overal dichtbij. Op loopafstand zijn winkels, restaurantjes, kroegjes en musea.",YEs there is a bus station nearby and tram 10 and 17 are close.,"Please take care of our sweet cat (some water, food and love is enough!)  Smoking is aloud outside on the balcony or in the garden."
