"Your own den in Amsterdam - Oost! Here you can book the double room for 2 with a small dining area on the same floor. There is a 1 pp room on the same floor. Guests share their own shower, bathroom and kitchenette as well as the sitting area.  If you fly into Europe, i'd love it if you'd compensate for your CO2-emisssion. When you let me know you did i will give you a little discount. Also let me know when you travel by train or bus instead of taking the car or flying within Europe.  : )","Hello! I have two rooms to offer at the moment for BnB customers who want to enjoy Amsterdam from their own little den in Amsterdam-Oost. Here you can make a reservation for the double room that sleeps two persons. For the single room, please check the other listing under Casa Vrolik Amsterdam. Ofcourse you can also book this room for one, or both rooms - when available - for up to 3pp.   The house I live in with cat Roky and cat Sproetje is a non-smoking home. You will have your own bedroom, a key to the house, kitchenette with oven, Clooney-machine (Nespresso that is), fridge and hot water boiler. With the occupant of the other room you share the kitchenette in the hallway, a bathroom with shower and little sink, a separate toilet and a little dining/sitting room on the same floor.  The Casa Vrolik house is an old house in a friendly neighborhood, near the Oosterpark. The house sits near Amsterdam Muiderpoort and is not too far from Amsterdam Amstel Station. The train and on the othe","Your own den in Amsterdam - Oost! Here you can book the double room for 2 with a small dining area on the same floor. There is a 1 pp room on the same floor. Guests share their own shower, bathroom and kitchenette as well as the sitting area.  If you fly into Europe, i'd love it if you'd compensate for your CO2-emisssion. When you let me know you did i will give you a little discount. Also let me know when you travel by train or bus instead of taking the car or flying within Europe.  : ) Hello! I have two rooms to offer at the moment for BnB customers who want to enjoy Amsterdam from their own little den in Amsterdam-Oost. Here you can make a reservation for the double room that sleeps two persons. For the single room, please check the other listing under Casa Vrolik Amsterdam. Ofcourse you can also book this room for one, or both rooms - when available - for up to 3pp.   The house I live in with cat Roky and cat Sproetje is a non-smoking home. You will have your own bedroom, a key to ","The East Side of town is becoming more and more a studentfriendly part of town. College and University are expanding on this side of the river Amstel, and coffee bars and cafes are popping up. Our Oosterparkbuurt has a nice feel to it. Outside there is a lot to explore, and the Centre is not far away on bike, with tram or on foot. 'Oost got the most'.","New tram- and bus routes in Amsterdam, i'll soon update this info. For now: just take tram 4 to Ceintuurbaan from Amsterdam Centraal Station (CS) and change there to the 3 going East to corner Oosterpark, at OLVG. Walk to the Beukenplein. At your left hand you will see Ekodis at the far end of the square, and there is our block in Vrolikstraat to the left. House is all the way at the end of this block on your right hand side! One before the corner Eikenweg. The metro's 50/51 and 53 run from Centraal Station straight to Oosterparkbuurt.  The metro takes 6 minutes from CS and then 11 minute walk: stop Wibautstraat.  Trainstation Amsterdam Muiderpoort 6 minute ride from CS and 11 minute walk through Domselaerstraat. Exit the station at 8/9 side! Walk through Domselaerstraat and cross the busy street. Zig zag through Tweede Oosterparkstraat and Kastanje plein and Derde Oosterparkstraat to Eikenplein, go left there, almost at the corner Vrolikstraat you see our door at 198 II. Name at the b","I like people to enjoy themselves, and ask me when they need help or need an extra opinion ('van Gogh' or 'Tropenmuseum'? --  'Bikes' or 'Walking' ? ;) )  I think the house gives you a great place to live in for a few days. Enough space in the little diner and so much to do in our neighborhood!  Bring your laptop or iPad and internet is here for you. Be nice to eachother and enjoy the good life! There are cats and one should talk with them and listen to them. Non-smoking house."
