"Welcome to cozy apartment with cats, located outside the city centre, in the western part of the city (New West), with reliable public transport connections to city centre and Schiphol airport.  This listing cocnerns one bedroom with a double bed in the shared apartment that can accommodate one guest.","THE APARTMENT: the flat has 3 bedrooms, one living room, a kitchen, two balconies shower and toilet.  The room that is available has a double bed. It has two doors, one going to the balcony the other to the corridor. There is also free Wi-Fi internet available, kitchen is equipped with all needed equipment (oven, fridge, washing machine, microwave). Coffee and tea is available for free at all times. PETS: There are two nice and very friendly black cats living in the apartment: Bob and Behemoth. They will be glad to meet you, host you and keep you company. IMPORTANT: Note that if you would like to rent the full apartment you will also have to care for the cats. Food and litter box fillings will be supplied in advance. It is also possible for someone to come and take care of cats in which case an additional charge will be asked. LOCATION AND USEFUL INFO: The apartment is located in the western part of Amsterdam. It is very comfortable, easy and cheap to get to airport. In fact it has a d","Welcome to cozy apartment with cats, located outside the city centre, in the western part of the city (New West), with reliable public transport connections to city centre and Schiphol airport.  This listing cocnerns one bedroom with a double bed in the shared apartment that can accommodate one guest. THE APARTMENT: the flat has 3 bedrooms, one living room, a kitchen, two balconies shower and toilet.  The room that is available has a double bed. It has two doors, one going to the balcony the other to the corridor. There is also free Wi-Fi internet available, kitchen is equipped with all needed equipment (oven, fridge, washing machine, microwave). Coffee and tea is available for free at all times. PETS: There are two nice and very friendly black cats living in the apartment: Bob and Behemoth. They will be glad to meet you, host you and keep you company. IMPORTANT: Note that if you would like to rent the full apartment you will also have to care for the cats. Food and litter box fillings","It is an upcoming western neighborhood of Amsterdam, with a mix of culturally diverse shops, and new spaces.","The apartment is located in the western part of Amsterdam. It is very comfortable, easy and cheap to get to airport. In fact it has a direct connection to Schiphol airport. There is a bus that can take you directly to Schiphol in 30-35 minutes. The city center is easily reachable in 20-30 minutes by a tram which stops close to the apartment. In case you are out till late night (after midnight), you can also take a night bus.","Rule No. 1. Be kind to Bob and Behemoth (the cats). They are the real hosts, who never really leave the apartment and know every tiny corner of it. Rule No. 2. When you close the balcony doors, make sure that Bob and Behemoth are inside. They don't like being left out of their own apartment. Rule No. 3. No loud partying or music after 10 P.M. It may upset the neighbors and they may call police, which in turn will probably upset you as well as me. Rule No. 4. Don't leave the balcony doors open at night when you go to sleep or when you leave the apartment. You can never be too careful. Rule No. 5. Don't open the door to strangers. If you are not expecting anyone just ignore the door bell. Hosts will contact you in advance before coming and besides, they have their own keys. Rule No. 6. Any questions, problems, requests, complaints or just need a useful practical info? Contact the hosts."
