"Our cool, modern, comfortable and hyper central 100+ sq/m apartment is a 3 min walk from Central Station. Fitting four, fully equipped, it has free wifi, private roof terrace and partial canal view with easy access to the heart of lively Amsterdam","Our nice, cool, modern, comfortable apartment in the Jordaan is made to relax. Sit back and imagine: Enjoy the sun in the rooftop, browse the free wifi to see where the next party in town is, take a bath while sipping a nespresso coffee and listening to a cool tune?  The apartment consists of 2 double bedrooms, a living room with dining area and a kitchen, a bathroom, 2 toilets and roof terrace  ","Our cool, modern, comfortable and hyper central 100+ sq/m apartment is a 3 min walk from Central Station. Fitting four, fully equipped, it has free wifi, private roof terrace and partial canal view with easy access to the heart of lively Amsterdam Our nice, cool, modern, comfortable apartment in the Jordaan is made to relax. Sit back and imagine: Enjoy the sun in the rooftop, browse the free wifi to see where the next party in town is, take a bath while sipping a nespresso coffee and listening to a cool tune?  The apartment consists of 2 double bedrooms, a living room with dining area and a kitchen, a bathroom, 2 toilets and roof terrace  All the apartment. We will find a way to handover the key. We remain at disposal at any moments if something is needed. The Jordaan is probably the most famous neighbourhood in the Netherlands and the trendiest area of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is nothing but highlights. This charming neighborhood is known for narrow alleys, leafy canals lined with 17th-","The Jordaan is probably the most famous neighbourhood in the Netherlands and the trendiest area of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is nothing but highlights. This charming neighborhood is known for narrow alleys, leafy canals lined with 17th-century houses, quirky specialty shops, cafes and designer boutiques. Maze-like streets offer hidden courtyards, cafés (both traditional and trendy), art galleries and pleasantly nosy neighbours. One also has access to some of the more scenic outdoor markets in the country. In particular, Noordermarkt has a flea market on Monday mornings and an organic farmers' market on Saturdays.","You can easily walk here from anywhere in the center. It's a walk of only 3 minutes from Central Station, 7 minutes from Anne Frank’s house, 5 from Noordermarkt and less than 10 for the red light district / Dam Square",Smoking by the window Don't invite strangers Always close the entrance door
