"•  LOCATION: Just in a 2 min walk in the heart of the metropolitan city life of Amsterdam •  APARTMENT: Comfortable during daytime, quiet during the night •  NEIGHBOURHOOD: popular residential area, where the locals love to wine, dine and shop.","A luxurious, spacious, ground floor apartment in the Center of 17th Century Amsterdam. It offers you an ideal location away from congested tourist areas but close to major attractions.  Smoking and drugs-using are explicitly not allowed inside the apartment. But also outside neither in the courtyard garden, nor on the balcony, nor in front of the windows of the lounge smoking and drugs using are not permitted. In all these outside places the neighbours of the 1st and 2nd floor will have nuisance of the rising smoke and smell. The apartment is comparable to a junior hotel suite and is therefore slightly larger than a regular or double hotel room.  It offers you upscale finishes: • A large lounge and connected an efficient, small, but well equipped kitchen   • Two well sized bedrooms and connected two modern and well equipped bathrooms and toilets • Luxurious - all you would expect during a 24 hours day, on various levels of privacy and comfort. • Spacious - 90 m2 (sqm) for 2-4 persons Y","•  LOCATION: Just in a 2 min walk in the heart of the metropolitan city life of Amsterdam •  APARTMENT: Comfortable during daytime, quiet during the night •  NEIGHBOURHOOD: popular residential area, where the locals love to wine, dine and shop. A luxurious, spacious, ground floor apartment in the Center of 17th Century Amsterdam. It offers you an ideal location away from congested tourist areas but close to major attractions.  Smoking and drugs-using are explicitly not allowed inside the apartment. But also outside neither in the courtyard garden, nor on the balcony, nor in front of the windows of the lounge smoking and drugs using are not permitted. In all these outside places the neighbours of the 1st and 2nd floor will have nuisance of the rising smoke and smell. The apartment is comparable to a junior hotel suite and is therefore slightly larger than a regular or double hotel room.  It offers you upscale finishes: • A large lounge and connected an efficient, small, but well equippe","A popular residential area, where the ""Amsterdammers"" love to wine, dine and shop. Just outside in a 2 min walk, you unexpectedly will have the experience of staying in the heart of the metropolitan city life of Amsterdam, on the spot. Away from the tourists but very close to vibrant shopping streets, the Utrechtsestraat and the large, 1,5 km long Albert Cuijp market. A small playground right outside the apartment in the park will make the kids really happy.","The apartment is situated 2 min from a taxi rank and two tram stops (3 tram lines), providing easy travel to all directions of the City: • Taxi rank at the Frederiksplein   • Three Tram Lines in a 2 min walk:   •• Tram Line 4 (North/South) •• Tram Lines 7 and 10 (East/West) WALKING DISTANCES • a 10 min walk to the Hermitage Museum and the Rembrandt Square  • a 10 min walk to the Museum Square where the four iconic buildings are close together: the Rijks, the Stedelijk, the Van Gogh and the Concertgebouw Music Hall • a 20 min walk to the Anne Frank House, the Amsterdam Museum and the Royal Palace at the Dam","House rules: 1. The owner of the apartment is member of a legally registered Owner's Association. All the written house rules of the Association are applicable to everyone who lives in the apartment.   2. Special attention of the users of this apartment is asked for the house rule that after 11:00 pm in the night untill 7:00 am in the morning inside the building, and outside in the courtyard and on the balconies silence will be required. 3. Be so kind to keep in mind that this apartment is a non smoking apartment. Explicitly smoking and all other ways of consuming soft and hard drugs (marihuana included) are not permitted neither in the apartment, nor in the courtyard garden, nor on the balcony. 4. The apartment is not suitable for meetings and cocktail parties larger than 6 persons.  For this reason meetings or cocktail parties for more than 6 persons are not allowed. 5. Anyone of your friends or business relations, invited by you for a meeting or private visit, is very welcome. The l"
