"This spacious and modern loft apartment is  90 m2, quiet and centrally located. Giving you the real Amsterdam experience complete with: canal view and located in one of the hippest areas (Westerpark) where you will find restaurants, cool bars, art galleries and markets at your doorstep.","This spacious and modern loft apartment is  90 m2, quiet and centrally located. Giving you the real Amsterdam experience complete with: canal view and located in one of the hippest areas (Westerpark) where you will find restaurants, cool bars, art galleries and markets at your doorstep.  Original 1906 on the outside, super modern light and airy apartment with all luxury mod cons on the inside.  Recently renovated, this modern loft apartment has a fully equipped kitchen designed by a chef, modern bathroom and mounted flat screen tv complete with study and free wifi. The apartment also benefits from one of the best views in Amsterdam encompassing a canal view and the warehouse converted buildings of Westerpark all the way to the harbour cranes!!","This spacious and modern loft apartment is  90 m2, quiet and centrally located. Giving you the real Amsterdam experience complete with: canal view and located in one of the hippest areas (Westerpark) where you will find restaurants, cool bars, art galleries and markets at your doorstep. This spacious and modern loft apartment is  90 m2, quiet and centrally located. Giving you the real Amsterdam experience complete with: canal view and located in one of the hippest areas (Westerpark) where you will find restaurants, cool bars, art galleries and markets at your doorstep.  Original 1906 on the outside, super modern light and airy apartment with all luxury mod cons on the inside.  Recently renovated, this modern loft apartment has a fully equipped kitchen designed by a chef, modern bathroom and mounted flat screen tv complete with study and free wifi. The apartment also benefits from one of the best views in Amsterdam encompassing a canal view and the warehouse converted buildings of Weste","Westerpark is literally your front garden. This beautiful park and the neighbourhood around it is home to cool bars and restaurants and the hottest gigs in town from jazz to house music. In the summer, you can take our mini Webber bbq over to the park, and in the winter you can enjoy the ice rink and Christmas festivities happening across the road. There is also a boat rental directly in front of the house, for anyone wanting to explore Amsterdam by the canals with access to all main canals (such as the Prinsengracht). If it is really cold, bring your skates and you can skate the canals directly from the front door!!","For those that want to explore, you can reach the Centraal Station by bike in 5 minutes and there are tram and bus stops within 200m of the house. You can also get a taxi from Centraal station to our house for under EUR 15.  Cheap and in weekends/after 5pm free parking is within 10-15 minutes walking distance.","Smoking is allowed but only on the balcony, please make sure to not throw your buts in the neighbour's garden. We appreciate you not using the fireplace (because it has special instructions)."
