"The Landlust neighborhood is a quiet part of Amsterdam. From here you can walk, cycle or use public transport to get to the center. I live here since 8 years with great pleasure! You will feel at home!","My apartment is in a quiet area just outside the center. It was restored in 2009. The three-room apartment has a living room at the front (with piano). At the back are the dining room and kitchen, both leading to the balcony. The balcony facing west and gives a great view in the courtyard (1934). The stairs in the living room lead to the bed room upstairs and the rooftop terrace. The apartment has internet. Bos en Lommer is an emerging area in Amsterdam West, close to the city center and two parcs: Westerpark and Erasmuspark. Around the corner from the apartment is 'Van De Buurt', a vegetarian restaurant. There are many cafes and restaurants close to the apartment. By public transport (lines 12 and 14), you are in a short time at the city center. But walking is also a possibility, although that is more of an exercise. The area offers a peaceful base in Amsterdam, just outside the tourist area. A perfect place to live like a local in Amsterdam!","The Landlust neighborhood is a quiet part of Amsterdam. From here you can walk, cycle or use public transport to get to the center. I live here since 8 years with great pleasure! You will feel at home! My apartment is in a quiet area just outside the center. It was restored in 2009. The three-room apartment has a living room at the front (with piano). At the back are the dining room and kitchen, both leading to the balcony. The balcony facing west and gives a great view in the courtyard (1934). The stairs in the living room lead to the bed room upstairs and the rooftop terrace. The apartment has internet. Bos en Lommer is an emerging area in Amsterdam West, close to the city center and two parcs: Westerpark and Erasmuspark. Around the corner from the apartment is 'Van De Buurt', a vegetarian restaurant. There are many cafes and restaurants close to the apartment. By public transport (lines 12 and 14), you are in a short time at the city center. But walking is also a possibility, althou","My place is close to the city center and the famous and trendy 'Jordan neighbourhood'. Shops, bars, restaurants, supermarkets and parks are all within walking distance. Family-oriented, Bos en Lommer has a very young and a multicultural population with the commercial street Bos en Lommerweg and the outdoor market on Bos en Lommerplein forming the heart. Cheaper rents also attract many students and artists. Individual sections have a strong sense of community.","There's a bus and tram stop within a few minutes walking. Public transport into town will take about 8-10 minutes. It's also possible to take a pleasant walk, places like the Anne Frank House or the Westerkerk will take you 20 minutes to walk.",The most important thing is that you can enjoy Amsterdam the most. Smoking not in the apartment; but on the balcony is no problem.
