Central comfortable and spacious,"One bedroom spacious groundfloor appartment with garden. Amsterdam Centre within 10-15 minutes. New York style kitchen, equipped with a big fridge, a 6 gasburner stove and a big electrical oven. The kitchen opens directly into the garden. If weather allows it, feel free to use the BBQ.  The bedroom has a 2 person queen size bed. The living room has a very large sofa. The bathroom is basic but clean. The appartment is within walking distance from the famous Dappermarkt, Oosterpark and Flevopark. Go to the right and walk into Arthouse cinema and club Studio-K. Go to the left and you'll find a couple of really nice restaurants and bars. The neighbourhood is an upcoming and vibrant part of the city, with loads of grocery shops and supermarkets. Artis Zoo, a local beer brewery and Tropenmuseum are near, as well as some of the hottest clubs.  Easy acces with public transport, or ask me for bikes for rent. I'll be happy to point out some of my favourite hotspots in Amsterdam.  -Wi-Fi  -HD-Tel","One bedroom spacious groundfloor appartment with garden. Amsterdam Centre within 10-15 minutes. New York style kitchen, equipped with a big fridge, a 6 gasburner stove and a big electrical oven. The kitchen opens directly into the garden. If weather allows it, feel free to use the BBQ.  The bedroom has a 2 person queen size bed. The living room has a very large sofa. The bathroom is basic but clean. The appartment is within walking distance from the famous Dappermarkt, Oosterpark and Flevopark. Go to the right and walk into Arthouse cinema and club Studio-K. Go to the left and you'll find a couple of really nice restaurants and bars. The neighbourhood is an upcoming and vibrant part of the city, with loads of grocery shops and supermarkets. Artis Zoo, a local beer brewery and Tropenmuseum are near, as well as some of the hottest clubs.  Easy acces with public transport, or ask me for bikes for rent. I'll be happy to point out some of my favourite hotspots in Amsterdam.  -Wi-Fi  -HD-Tel",,,"Please respect and treat my appartment like you would treat your own. Or better. No smoking inside the house. You can smoke in the garden. Please respect the neighbours by refraining from any loud noises. Other than that, enjoy your stay!"
