"My guests are complimenting my ""beautiful, artistically decorated and super central"" apartment. The roof top terrace is ""to die for"". ""I could hardly leave it to go out."" I'd love to give you my personal recommendations to make you feel at home.","My guests are complimenting my ""beautiful, artistically decorated and super central"" apartment. The roof top terrace is ""to die for"". ""I could hardly leave it to go out."" I'd love to give you my personal recommendations to make you feel at home. In an unique location in the centre of Amsterdam a beautiful, light private apartment. A large roof terrace overlooking the city centre is ""to die for"". In the old centre, yet a quiet street. The perfect starting point to explore the city of Amsterdam! I wrote a personal guide with all my favorite spots for you to experience Amsterdam as a local. Walking distances: * Central station (public transport in all directions) 15 min  * Dam square 10 min  * Damrak (starting point of all excursions) 10 min  * In the famous Jordaan area, in the beautiful canal district  * Biggest shopping area, walking distance to the mayor party areas  * Wide choice of hip and traditional restaurants, bars and coffeeshops The apartment contains everything you need durin","My guests are complimenting my ""beautiful, artistically decorated and super central"" apartment. The roof top terrace is ""to die for"". ""I could hardly leave it to go out."" I'd love to give you my personal recommendations to make you feel at home. My guests are complimenting my ""beautiful, artistically decorated and super central"" apartment. The roof top terrace is ""to die for"". ""I could hardly leave it to go out."" I'd love to give you my personal recommendations to make you feel at home. In an unique location in the centre of Amsterdam a beautiful, light private apartment. A large roof terrace overlooking the city centre is ""to die for"". In the old centre, yet a quiet street. The perfect starting point to explore the city of Amsterdam! I wrote a personal guide with all my favorite spots for you to experience Amsterdam as a local. Walking distances: * Central station (public transport in all directions) 15 min  * Dam square 10 min  * Damrak (starting point of all excursions) 10 min  * In","The Jordaan area is simply the best: authentic, hip, full of awesome foodie spots, shops and markets. My apartment is in walking distance to most touristic attractions around town.",A 2 min. stroll from my apartment is a tram and bus stop that will bring you anywhere around town.,"Please remember that you are living in somebody's flat and that there are local, working people in the building that go about their usual lives. Please respect that and keep noise & disruption at night to a minimum. There has been a lot of negative press lately, especially regarding Air BnB and tourists that stay in local people's homes and treat it like a party ground so please be a nice, discrete tourist and respect our home. Some other points to note:  • If you're a smoker, please only smoke on the rooftop and use an ashtray. Do not ditch cigarettes on the roof or beyond.  • Switch off all electrical appliances, central heating, and lights when you leave the flat. It's good for the environment and prevents fire incidents. • Please make an effort to recycle: separate plastic, paper and glass from the rest of the garbage.  • Dogs/pets are not allowed (gold fish are)."
