"Our luxurious, bright and centrally located apartment (3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 3 floors) is the ideal place to discover Amsterdam. The house (+150m2) was build in 1880, only one block from restaurants and  5/10 min. walk to all touristic highlights! The house can easily have 6 persons, however, the city of Amsterdam does not allow that anymore.","The apartment is bright, modern, very well maintained and has been recently renovated by a famous dutch architect. The house was build in 1880 and was housing 6 families at that time. Fortunately times have changed! It can easily house 6 persons. There is a small but sunny roof terrace accommodating 4 persons.  Located on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th floor, through rather narrow stairs (which is quite typical for the 1900's), you will enter the apartment on the 2nd floor.  Lay out:  2nd floor: You will enter the apartment in the first living room. There is a wardrobe as well. On this floor is also the master bedroom located with the first bathroom (shower, bath and toilet).  3rd floor: Living room. At the diner table are 6 seats + 2 child seats. Modern kitchen (island) with small bar, microwave, two fridges, dishwasher and oven. In a separate room you will find the washing machine and dryer.  4th floor: 2nd and 3rd bedroom. One bedroom has 2 single beds. The other has one bed and one matrass o","Our luxurious, bright and centrally located apartment (3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 3 floors) is the ideal place to discover Amsterdam. The house (+150m2) was build in 1880, only one block from restaurants and  5/10 min. walk to all touristic highlights! The house can easily have 6 persons, however, the city of Amsterdam does not allow that anymore. The apartment is bright, modern, very well maintained and has been recently renovated by a famous dutch architect. The house was build in 1880 and was housing 6 families at that time. Fortunately times have changed! It can easily house 6 persons. There is a small but sunny roof terrace accommodating 4 persons.  Located on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th floor, through rather narrow stairs (which is quite typical for the 1900's), you will enter the apartment on the 2nd floor.  Lay out:  2nd floor: You will enter the apartment in the first living room. There is a wardrobe as well. On this floor is also the master bedroom located with the first bathroom (sho","The area is called 'Gold West' instead of Old West due to its quality of life and closeness to almost every touristic attraction. In fact, the Anne Frank house, Van Gogh and Rijks museum, Leidseplein, Concert hall, Vondelpark is all within max 10 minutes walking distance. There are many high quality restaurants and cafe's only 2 blocks away. Despite the fact that the bustling area of the Leidseplein is only 5 minutes away, the area is very quiet and located in a one way street. We love it because of the fact that we don't need a car in the weekend and can do everything on foot. There is a lovely cafe (cafe l'Affiche) on the corner of the street at the Canal with a big terrace where you can have lunch in the sun or have a beer or wine in the afternoon and evening. In the 'ten Catestraat' (400 m) there is a daily, typical Amsterdam, market where you can buy everything you need. A big supermarket and small specialty stores (fish, vegetables, fruit, bread) are all within 100m. ","Tram line 3, 7 10,12 and 17 are within 100/200  metres away. There is a direct bus from Schiphol which stops only 150 metres (Busstop Marnixplein) away from the apartment. But a taxi can take you there in around 20 minutes for approximately 35 euros. Public parking is available for 4 euro per hour, free on sundays. ",This sounds a little formal but we do not allow pets and smoking. Please mind our neighbours on the first floor. We only allow families of 5-7 persons because the house is made for families (we have 2 kids: 4 and 6 yrs old) You will be provided with one set of keys.
