"A spacious, peaceful and characteristic apartment within 10 minutes of the city centre, situated in the trendy neighborhood De Baarsjes - with many shops, restaurants and convenience stores, and easily reached by public transport. Come and enjoy!","The apartment is fully furnished and well equipped. Lay-out: -	large open kitchen / dining room with adjacent balcony (afternoon & evening sun) -	small bedroom with grand king size bed (180x210cm) -	sunny living room -	bathroom with toilet & shower -	private roof top terrace ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) with lounge sofa and chairs It is situated on the third (=top) floor, which makes it very light with lots of sun coming into the rooms, balcony and roof terrace. Because of the good sound isolation, and the fact that it’s on the top floor with beautiful trees in the garden (with nice birds!), the apartment is an oasis right in the middle of busy city life. Other features: access to fast wifi, fully equipped kitchen with large stove, use of tv, dishwasher and washing machine & dryer.","A spacious, peaceful and characteristic apartment within 10 minutes of the city centre, situated in the trendy neighborhood De Baarsjes - with many shops, restaurants and convenience stores, and easily reached by public transport. Come and enjoy! The apartment is fully furnished and well equipped. Lay-out: -	large open kitchen / dining room with adjacent balcony (afternoon & evening sun) -	small bedroom with grand king size bed (180x210cm) -	sunny living room -	bathroom with toilet & shower -	private roof top terrace ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) with lounge sofa and chairs It is situated on the third (=top) floor, which makes it very light with lots of sun coming into the rooms, balcony and roof terrace. Because of the good sound isolation, and the fact that it’s on the top floor with beautiful trees in the garden (with nice birds!), the apartment is an oasis right in the middle of busy city life. Other features: access to fast wifi, fully equipped kitchen with large stove, use ","the neighbourhood is called De Baarsjes, a trendy and upcoming area with a great variety of shops, restaurants and convenience stores facilitating your every need. There is great food all over the place (please note my guidebook), ranging from old Amsterdam style cafes to younger modern venues. The entire area is built in the well-known ""Amsterdam School"" style architecture from the 1920’s. It's a lively, safe neighbourhood with a very mixed demography, which I love, so you are in the midst of the true Amsterdam day-to-day life. The neighborhoods demography is very mixed, which I love, so you can experience the true Amsterdam day-to-day life. The beautiful Rembrandtpark and Erasmuspark are right around the corner and great for strolls or a pick nick.","Public transport possibilities are numerous (centre, tourist attractions, Universities, Schiphol, Amsterdam Rai, Zuidas, beaches). The trams and busses on my street take you right into the city center in only 10-15 minutes. Same if you prefer going around on a bicycle (ideal!). Interesting places easily reached from my apartment: - Anne Frank House - Vondelpark - Flower market - Van Gogh Museum & Rijksmuseum - Rembrandt House - Red Light District - Waterloo Flea Market - Dam Square - Leidseplein square - all Amsterdam theaters and concert halls - Amsterdam Central Station (public transport 15min) - Schiphol airport (public transport 40min) - Zandvoort beaches (public transport 30min) And last but not least, I am more than happy to point out the hidden gems in the city, and I work in theatre so I will gladly advise you on where to go for a great night out, for the right price!","No smoking please. Check-in time is flexible, let's work out what is best - depending on your itinerary and my (work) schedule. Check-out is before noon, unless confirmed otherwise."
