Why we love our home: - Early 20th century characteristic cozy home  - The house is on a corner so lots of light coming in - It's very central yet in a quiet neighborhood - 5 minutes by foot from Leidse Square & 9 streets,"! The apartment was redecorated and (partly) renovated late 2015 This cozy apartment (2 floors) with design furniture is located in the heart of Amsterdam, in the area called Oud-West. It is literally 5 minutes from Leidse Square and easily reachable by public transport. The city centre (Jordaan) is on the other side of the canal The apartment (110m2 over 2 levels) is characteristic, light and cozy. Wooden beams in every room, a big living room with lights from two sides and French doors. There is a well equipped kitchen, a toilet and upstairs a large bedroom with a queen size bed and a renovated bathroom and washing room plus toilet. Great place to stay if you want to explore the city.  A characteristic apartment in a beautiful central spot!","Why we love our home: - Early 20th century characteristic cozy home  - The house is on a corner so lots of light coming in - It's very central yet in a quiet neighborhood - 5 minutes by foot from Leidse Square & 9 streets ! The apartment was redecorated and (partly) renovated late 2015 This cozy apartment (2 floors) with design furniture is located in the heart of Amsterdam, in the area called Oud-West. It is literally 5 minutes from Leidse Square and easily reachable by public transport. The city centre (Jordaan) is on the other side of the canal The apartment (110m2 over 2 levels) is characteristic, light and cozy. Wooden beams in every room, a big living room with lights from two sides and French doors. There is a well equipped kitchen, a toilet and upstairs a large bedroom with a queen size bed and a renovated bathroom and washing room plus toilet. Great place to stay if you want to explore the city.  A characteristic apartment in a beautiful central spot! One room will be closed, ","Restaurants, bars and grocery shopping (biological and regular stores) is all very close, either in the street or around the corner. Direct public transport to many train stations, including Amsterdam Central Station, is available. - 4 minute walk to Jordaan / 9 streets - 5 minute walk to Vondelpark - 7 minute walk to Leidse Square - 10 minute walk to Museumsquare (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum)","- 25 minutes to and from Schiphol Airport - Direct bus (197) and tram 1, 2 and 5 to and from Central Station (around 15 min) - Bike rental (Black Bikes) around the corner - Avis / Europcar around the corner","This house is our home. Enjoy it like we do. We indeed ask you to be careful. Please no candles and no smoking.  Moreover, we only rent our house to 1 or 2 persons."
