"I want to share the real Amsterdam experience with others! This is my favorite neighborhood in the center of the Jordaan. Prinsengracht (famous canal) is less than 20 meters walk, 9 Streets are right across the bridge. Plenty great shops/restaurants","Spacious 1-bedroom on the Elandsgracht, in the heart of the Jordaan. The apartment can fit up to 4 people comfortably with one King Size bed and a giant (american sized) couch that converts into a King Size for sleeping in the living room.","I want to share the real Amsterdam experience with others! This is my favorite neighborhood in the center of the Jordaan. Prinsengracht (famous canal) is less than 20 meters walk, 9 Streets are right across the bridge. Plenty great shops/restaurants Spacious 1-bedroom on the Elandsgracht, in the heart of the Jordaan. The apartment can fit up to 4 people comfortably with one King Size bed and a giant (american sized) couch that converts into a King Size for sleeping in the living room. Always fresh linens, towels, sheets with extra's to spare. Guests can access almost all parts of the apartment (cable, TV, everything in kitchen/fridge). The only exception is I lock off the main closet.  Otherwise you will have a full chest of drawers, a coat closet, and drawers in the bathroom. I typically won't engage with you throughout your stay as I travel, however, there is always a telephone number you can call with someone nearby to help in case of any problems. The neighborhood is centrally loca",The neighborhood is centrally located. You can walk anywhere in the center within 15 minutes but also easily spend a weekend here without walking more than 150 meters with everything within a stone's throw. Trendy shops and restaurants are peppered all around. The Anne Frank House is a short walk on the Prinsengracht.,"At the end of the Elandsgracht is the tram stop and also a bus station.  Getting to and from Schipol Airport you take bus 197 which comes about 3 times an hour, costs 4 Euro, and takes about 35 minutes. If you prefer to get a ride, I have a reliable driver that will take you to the airport for 30 Euro flat rate (typically up to 50 regular taxi). Please call one day ahead: Mehmet + (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)   To and from Centraal Station you can take Tram 17 or buses (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) minute ride). If you are going to use the public transport I suggest you buy a 24 or 48 hour pass. Otherwise you will pay 2.70 Euro for a single 1-hour ride pass!","This is my home and I live here when I'm not traveling. I ask you to treat it as your own. Kindly no smoking inside (there is small back balcony), no pets, and no loud music or parties."
