"Beautiful 120 sqm apartment on top floors of former Mayor's residence (built 1671). Kitchen, lounge overlooking gorgeous canal, tv, wifi & roof terrace. Perfect & safe for kids: baby bed & playpen. Hundreds of shops & restaurants around the corner!","Comfortable apartment in a perfect location: quiet but very central with sights, shops, restaurants & bars nearby. Child-safe, 2 double bedrooms, huge living room, kitchen, baby bed & seat, tv & wifi, roof terrace","Beautiful 120 sqm apartment on top floors of former Mayor's residence (built 1671). Kitchen, lounge overlooking gorgeous canal, tv, wifi & roof terrace. Perfect & safe for kids: baby bed & playpen. Hundreds of shops & restaurants around the corner! Comfortable apartment in a perfect location: quiet but very central with sights, shops, restaurants & bars nearby. Child-safe, 2 double bedrooms, huge living room, kitchen, baby bed & seat, tv & wifi, roof terrace The whole apartment except the kids' bedroom: 2 bedrooms, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, separate shower and washer-drier, roof terrace and lounge with WiFi, tv & stereo We try to be there when you arrive but may be travelling... probably at another AirBnB! The Canal belt consists mainly of 17th century buildings like ours. It's like a huge museum and was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site, but the great thing is that it is predominantly residential. The Dutch State never built huge, impressive buildings: people buil","The Canal belt consists mainly of 17th century buildings like ours. It's like a huge museum and was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site, but the great thing is that it is predominantly residential. The Dutch State never built huge, impressive buildings: people built these houses and people still live in them. And in front: you'll see neighbours dragging their sofas out in the street to sit in the sun, although we're in a prime location across the canal from the new Waldorf Astoria...","Tram 4 stops only 100 metres away Trams 9 & 14 on Rembrandtplein 200 metres away Trams 16,24 & 25 on Vijzelstraat 300 metres away Metros 51, 53 & 54 on Waterlooplein 500 metres away Mike's Bike Tours & rentals in nearby  Kerkstraat...","We ask you kindly to be nice to our neighbours, to send me the full names of anyone who travels with you and to ask me before letting anyone else into the flat. No smoking or pets indoors, please. Finally, please respect the peace and quiet in our building and do not climb on the walls surrounding our roof terrace."
