"Cosy, new, clean and beautiful apartment on Kinkerstraat, Amsterdam Kinkerstraat apartment comprises two small rooms, one with a double bed, the other has wardrobes and a computer and a study table","Cosy, new, clean and beautiful apartment on Kinkerstraat, Amsterdam Kinkerstraat apartment comprises two small rooms, one with a double bed, the other has wardrobes and a computer with internet connection on the study table and a comfortable leather chair.","Cosy, new, clean and beautiful apartment on Kinkerstraat, Amsterdam Kinkerstraat apartment comprises two small rooms, one with a double bed, the other has wardrobes and a computer and a study table Cosy, new, clean and beautiful apartment on Kinkerstraat, Amsterdam Kinkerstraat apartment comprises two small rooms, one with a double bed, the other has wardrobes and a computer with internet connection on the study table and a comfortable leather chair. A quick summary of my apartment: -French balcony looking over a busy and fun street and balcony on the back for 10m2  -Digital TV and LED TV with many options -Bose home sound system -Fully equiped kitchen  -Great bathroom and separate WC  -Comfortable bed and a foldable extra bed for two in the second room -Towels and linnen included  -Free wifi  -Living room is a photo gallery of mine :) It is located in the popular area of Amsterdam Oud West (Old West). It's a friendly district which has coffee shops, trendy restaurants, cosy lunchrooms","It is located in the popular area of Amsterdam Oud West (Old West). It's a friendly district which has coffee shops, trendy restaurants, cosy lunchrooms and gastro cafes on every corner. And right in the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and the Van Gogh museum. In addition, 'de 9 straatjes', a great shopping area amidst the Amsterdam canals. The livingroom has a 3 persons L-shaped very comfortable sofa and with a French balcony on the front. The apartment is on the 3rd floor and great to watch the busy street, people and trams passing by as well as the shops around.  The apartment is very bright and gets a lot of light as the front of the building is all windows. The balcony gets sunshine in the evenings. (if it is sunny in Amsterdam)  Both rooms have direct access to a big balcony on the back (10m2). The whole building has been recently renovated and the apartment plus furniture are quite new. (Most of the furnitures are less t",,No smoking in the apartment. Only allowed in the balcony at the back.  Please do not make noise in the stairway and balcony at late hours and early morning for the courtesy and respect to our neighbors.
