"This amazing apartment in the centre of Amsterdam is situated in a gated alley. A 2 minute walk brings you to the Dam square. The area has everything to offer. Restaurants, Bars, De Bijenkorf, Shops, Museums and much more.","It's a unique space, designed from the bottom up. Finished in mid 2013 it has all the modern features you can ask for.  You can find additional information on the project and architect on: (website hidden)","This amazing apartment in the centre of Amsterdam is situated in a gated alley. A 2 minute walk brings you to the Dam square. The area has everything to offer. Restaurants, Bars, De Bijenkorf, Shops, Museums and much more. It's a unique space, designed from the bottom up. Finished in mid 2013 it has all the modern features you can ask for.  You can find additional information on the project and architect on: (website hidden) - High Speed Wi-fi - Washer and Dryer - Wireless Hi-fi Sound System - (Microwave) Oven - Espresso machine - Fully equipped kitchen - Rain Shower - Apple TV - Outdoor seating possibilities - Any type of store you can think of in walking     distance (iMac on picture not included) During check-in and check-out, and if there are any questions. It is located on the Sint Geertruidensteeg, one of Amsterdams oldest alleys. Because it is located in the centre of the city, the alley is gated on both sides, which makes it a unique oase of tranquility in a busy area. Trams an","It is located on the Sint Geertruidensteeg, one of Amsterdams oldest alleys. Because it is located in the centre of the city, the alley is gated on both sides, which makes it a unique oase of tranquility in a busy area.",Trams and busses in front of the alley. Amsterdam Central Station is a 5 minute walk.,"The house is located in the very city centre of Amsterdam. Which means there are a lot of party facilities in the neighbourhood. The house is also located in a gated street which is very quite and people live there for their rest, which means the house itself is not suitable for partying. It is also not allowed to invite other people over. It is not allowed to produce movies in the apartment. Only the people who were present during check-in are allowed in the apartment. It is notq allowed to invite other people."
