"Centrally located in the  beautiful ‘West’,  in a very neighborhood close to the famous Vondelpark right in CITY CENTRE, so you will have tons of things to do and places to see. It is perfect for 4 people and will make you feel at home! We have 3 years experience and have excellent recommendations, scoring 9 points of 10.","The apartment (55m2) is situated on the first floor in a quiet area and is comfortably decorated in a typical 1930s Dutch style with a natural wooden floor. The bedroom is equipped with a large queen-size bed with direct access to the balcony. The living room is roomy with a sleeping sofa, flat-screen TV and dining table. This sofa can be transformed into a sleeping sofa for 2 people.  The kitchen is equipped with a coffee and tea making facilities, refrigerator, microwave, stove and kitchenware. The bathroom is fitted with a toilet and shower. Free hairdryer, blankets and linen are provided. Very fast Free Wi-Fi access is available.  This apartment is suitable for expats as well. The apartment is located nearby the highway A10 and train station Lelylaan. Which has an airport connection to Schiphol within 10 minutes. Excellent connection to Amsterdam Zuidas, Amsterdam Sloterdijk/Lelylaan and the canals/grachten. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place.","Centrally located in the  beautiful ‘West’,  in a very neighborhood close to the famous Vondelpark right in CITY CENTRE, so you will have tons of things to do and places to see. It is perfect for 4 people and will make you feel at home! We have 3 years experience and have excellent recommendations, scoring 9 points of 10. The apartment (55m2) is situated on the first floor in a quiet area and is comfortably decorated in a typical 1930s Dutch style with a natural wooden floor. The bedroom is equipped with a large queen-size bed with direct access to the balcony. The living room is roomy with a sleeping sofa, flat-screen TV and dining table. This sofa can be transformed into a sleeping sofa for 2 people.  The kitchen is equipped with a coffee and tea making facilities, refrigerator, microwave, stove and kitchenware. The bathroom is fitted with a toilet and shower. Free hairdryer, blankets and linen are provided. Very fast Free Wi-Fi access is available.  This apartment is suitable for ex","The apartment is close to the famous Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Through the Vondelpark you can access the Museum square with the Rijksmuseum and the van Gogh Museum.  West is an area with lots of restaurants, shops, supermarkets, gym and famous parks. Plenty of public transport options about 7 minutes walk from the apartment. Once you cross the Overtoom you’ll be in the Vondelbuurt, the beautiful, leafy area surrounding the Vondelpark, so named after the playwright Vondel (a sort of Dutch Shakespeare). Points of  interest around here include the Hollandse Manege (a riding school hidden away between the façades of upperclass family homes), the Vondelkerk (a circular church in the style of a gothic cathedral),  the Vondelpark Open Air Theatre (in summer) and the park itself is always a good place to sit on a sunny day. (Good to know: the Vondelpark was originally built as a recreational area for cyclists so do watch out for the bikes!) Close to: Stedelijk Museum, Van Gough Museum, Rij","Tram 2 stops just around the corner and runs continuously and directly to the popular tourist areas including Leidseplein with many restaurants and café’s, Museumplein, shopping street PC Hoofdstraat and Dam Square.  The apartment is located nearby the highway A10 and train station Lelylaan. Which has an airport connection to Schiphol within 10 minutes. Excellent connection to Amsterdam Zuidas, Amsterdam Sloterdijk/Lelylaan and the canals/grachten.","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
