Ideally located studio with a view on one of the main canal of the city: Prinsengracht ! Fits perfectly for two and sets you right in the historical heart of the city! One bridge away from the Jordaan (most wanted district of Holland). Ten minutes walking distance from the Dam square!,"I don't think you can find a better location to make the most of your stay in Amsterdam. Any major highlight is literally five to ten minutes away from the house: Jordaan district, Dam square, Anne Frank house… Plus the view on the main city canal: canal of the Prince (Prinsengracht). It is very comfortable for two people.","Ideally located studio with a view on one of the main canal of the city: Prinsengracht ! Fits perfectly for two and sets you right in the historical heart of the city! One bridge away from the Jordaan (most wanted district of Holland). Ten minutes walking distance from the Dam square! I don't think you can find a better location to make the most of your stay in Amsterdam. Any major highlight is literally five to ten minutes away from the house: Jordaan district, Dam square, Anne Frank house… Plus the view on the main city canal: canal of the Prince (Prinsengracht). It is very comfortable for two people. You have full access to my studio with its independant kitchen. The only shared areas are toilets and bathroom that you will share with my lovely neighbour Lenka. According to when you arrive I will be here to check you in! Otherwise you will have to deal with my neighbour. Since it's a studio, once you're in here… it's all yours! This neighborhood is simply the most wanted one of the N","This neighborhood is simply the most wanted one of the Netherlands: the Canal belt and the Jordaan area in which you'll find so many restaurants, vintage shops, delicatessens or art galleries in a typical and beautiful Dutch environment. Some canals are the most beautiful one of the city (according to me and many others:).","As you'll reach Dam square in 5 minutes then indeed, all public transit can be found there. Parking places are a sensitive question in Amsterdam. If you come from the airport, then you will have to take the train to Centraal station. Once you've reached it and walk on the station square, make sure ou have the station on your back then go right (West) and ask for Brouwersgracht. Walk it and when you can't go any further take left on Prinsengracht until number 155. You're there! It's worth walking to have a first glimpse of what awaits you!",My house will be perfectly clean when you arrive! I just expect that it will be the same when you leave! I don't accept pets inside and if you feel like smoking well… please do!
