Beschikbaar van 23-05-2015 - 30-05-2015,"Beschikbaar van 23-05-2015 - 30-05-2015 The Apartment is located in the heart of the city. It has very easy access to visit and experience all that Amsterdam has to offer from museums to Sight seeing.  I provide an affordable, comfortable and clean house  and included in the rates are the following:  -Clean towels and bedlinen.  -The use of a clean, well equipped kitchen.  -Clean bathroom &  toilet.  -Free high-speed Wi-Fi internet connection.  -Use of the washing machine  -Storage Space Guests are invited to enjoy and make use of the fully equipped kitchen. With microwave/oven, washing machine, kettle and varieties of pots, pans, cutlery, and crockery all of your self-catering needs are met. You are more then welcome to use any and all of these facilities as long as everything is cleaned up and cleared away afterwards. The bathroom offers  shower with constant hot water. An iron and ironing board are also available for you to use. Our Wi-Fi is usable in the whole house. Towels and cle","Beschikbaar van 23-05-2015 - 30-05-2015 The Apartment is located in the heart of the city. It has very easy access to visit and experience all that Amsterdam has to offer from museums to Sight seeing.  I provide an affordable, comfortable and clean house  and included in the rates are the following:  -Clean towels and bedlinen.  -The use of a clean, well equipped kitchen.  -Clean bathroom &  toilet.  -Free high-speed Wi-Fi internet connection.  -Use of the washing machine  -Storage Space  Guests are invited to enjoy and make use of the fully equipped kitchen. With microwave/oven, washing machine, kettle and varieties of pots, pans, cutlery, and crockery all of your self-catering needs are met. You are more then welcome to use any and all of these facilities as long as everything is cleaned up and cleared away afterwards. The bathroom offers  shower with constant hot water. An iron and ironing board are also available for you to use. Our Wi-Fi is usable in the whole house. Towels and cl","Theres a Park opposite the house with a beautiful restaurant in it , Close to Dam Square / Leidseplein and other shopping streets , 7 minute walk to Ann Frank House and Westerkerk  for e.g. . Its 30 minutes from the airport with direct connections.","Getting to the city center is very easy. By public transport you can take tram 13, towards Central Station, and you can exit at the Dam Square which is in the middle of the city center.  Tram  12 , 10 & 14 which take you to the other parts of amsterdam Just next to my house are  the tram stops  You can also rent a bike at a shop for 10 euros and you can easily bike around.  The apartment is next to the Vondel Park which is popular for joggers and bikers or for just walking around. There is a supermarket on walking distance - to be precise 3 minute which is open from 8am until 10pm from Monday to Saturday and on Sundays from 10am until 10pm.  There are also some local fruit and vegatable stores near the supermarket. The entire street are with small stores and lovely restaurants .","I ask a € 75,- refundable deposit (through AirBnB) for the set of keys. You'll get it back after returning the keys to me. Furthermore, you are welcome to enter and leave the apartment whenever you'd like.  It is only not allowed to make noise after 10pm in the apartment building.  Please respect my neighbours and please take off your shoes before entering the room. If you are interested in renting this house, please update your Airbnb profile (photo and a short description) or send me a message with some information about yourself. Smoking is permitted outside of the apartment in the balcony provided  but not inside the apartment or room.  Please no pets allowed. Please feel free to contact me with any questions."
