"The Plantage Suite is an ""independent"" small, double guest suite. It offers a home from home with help on hand, as The Plantage Suite is physically part of our own apartment. Therefore late arrivals are not a problem. It is situated on the ground floor, centrally located, with own private bathroom, but NO KITCHEN. It  has a garden and further access to a large, shared, inner garden. A calm oasis in the centre of the city.","We do not provide breakfast, but tea and Nespresso coffee making facilities are provided in your private suite. There is NO KITCHEN but we provide china and cutlery should you, for example, get a take away and want to picnic in the garden on a warm evening. There is a bakery at the end of the street for fresh croissants.  There are cafes and restaurants very nearby. We are within easy walking distance of top museums, designer shops, clubs, restaurants, the Botanical Gardens, cafes, the Carre theatre, the Opera, Zoo ( Artis)  and the river Amstel. We provide tips on where to eat, things to explore,  with  files of maps and up to date flyers on hand.  There is free Wi Fi. It is strickly no smoking, but you are free to smoke in the garden. A small library of novels and guide books as well as board games are also available. Towels, shampoo, conditioner and hair dryer are provided.","The Plantage Suite is an ""independent"" small, double guest suite. It offers a home from home with help on hand, as The Plantage Suite is physically part of our own apartment. Therefore late arrivals are not a problem. It is situated on the ground floor, centrally located, with own private bathroom, but NO KITCHEN. It  has a garden and further access to a large, shared, inner garden. A calm oasis in the centre of the city. We do not provide breakfast, but tea and Nespresso coffee making facilities are provided in your private suite. There is NO KITCHEN but we provide china and cutlery should you, for example, get a take away and want to picnic in the garden on a warm evening. There is a bakery at the end of the street for fresh croissants.  There are cafes and restaurants very nearby. We are within easy walking distance of top museums, designer shops, clubs, restaurants, the Botanical Gardens, cafes, the Carre theatre, the Opera, Zoo ( Artis)  and the river Amstel. We provide tips on wh","The Plantage neighbourhood ( locally known as the Cultural Garden of Amsterdam )  is special, quiet but centrally located. Local bars and cafes now include the restored De Plantage Cafe restaurant attached to the Zoo. Only a few minutes walk away is the Artis Plein where you can sit for free looking at the spoonbills, flamingos and fountain. Easily accessible by public transport ( Metro-Waterloo Plein : Hortus exit, or trams 9 and 14 from Central Station)  we are happy to advise on the best route to reach us. If you are coming by car we can also help as to where to access out of city centre cheaper parking. Paid street parking is also an option but we would advise against it. We can advise on nearby  bike hire.Its easy to access most of the city centre on foot.",We aim to be as flexible as is possible as every guest is unique. We are on the ground floor which is a big advantage. Although not fully wheelchair accessible if you have any special mobility issues please contact us to discuss your needs and we will do our best to help.,"Useful  information 1 No Smoking in any of the apartment you are free to smoke in the garden. 2Check in time after  14.00pm Check out time 11.00am or by arrangement.  Luggage can be left with us if you wish to depart /arrive,  later/earlier  than this time.  3 Bookings: minimum two nights.   4Rate includes taxes and cleaning. No Breakfast served but tea and (Nespresso)  coffee  making provided in your room. 5Where are we? We are in a modern block in the middle of an old the street. House numbers are a little strange,  the block sits between house numbers 129 and 141 Nieuwe Kerkstraat.  ( Please do not make the mistake of thinking we are “Kerkstraat”   which is the same street BUT over the river in the other direction, towards the centre..) we are NIEUWE Kerkstraat.  If in doubt please give us a ring. 6Free Wi Fi   - Code issued on arrival 7No smoking in the rooms   8No pets are allowed but Guide dogs are welcome. We are a ground floor apartment with access to a private garden and a fur"
