"((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me an email)) Big bed quiet room, private bathroom + mini fridge, tea and coffee making facilities. I provide towels and hair-dryer and bed are made.","((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me email)) The room is on the first floor at the quiet rear side of our four floor apartment in a renovated canal house, which dates from 1930. If this room is not available, we also have a room at the front side of the building with a lovely canal view (check Center,Canal View, Private Bathroom) The room (24 m2)has a private shower and toilet, directly accessable from the room; TV, free WI-FI, quality king-size bed, fridge, coffee and tea facilities.  Breakfast is available on request with additional costs and will be served in a box in your room or at our dining table(subject to availability)  Weekly and monthly rate available.  Our home is located in the old town centre of Amsterdam, only a 5 minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station. Most attractions are at walking distance. From Central Station you can take local trams and busses and national and international train services. Museum Squ","((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me an email)) Big bed quiet room, private bathroom + mini fridge, tea and coffee making facilities. I provide towels and hair-dryer and bed are made. ((I have a minimum 3 night stay policy. 1 or 2 night stays is available on request only, send me email)) The room is on the first floor at the quiet rear side of our four floor apartment in a renovated canal house, which dates from 1930. If this room is not available, we also have a room at the front side of the building with a lovely canal view (check Center,Canal View, Private Bathroom) The room (24 m2)has a private shower and toilet, directly accessable from the room; TV, free WI-FI, quality king-size bed, fridge, coffee and tea facilities.  Breakfast is available on request with additional costs and will be served in a box in your room or at our dining table(subject to availability)  Weekly and monthly rate available.  Our home is located in ","The home is in the heart of the city but is surprisingly quiet  Southeast of Centraal Station, Oudezijds lays between the city's red carpet Damrak and the scenic Oude Schans canal. It is capped on its southern end by the River Amstel. The Red Light District only takes up a small portion: within a triangle roughly formed by Centraal Station and the two main squares, Dam and Nieuwmarkt.","We are away 4min walk from Amsterdam Central Station and from there a public any transport to the city or other EU counties. Amsterdam is a wonderfully walkable city, with most major sites in or near the city centre. For attractions that are further away, public transport is excellent and driving is strongly discouraged within the canal ring. Most tram stop at Amsterdam Central Station","HOUSEHOLD RULES. Inappropriate use of rooms and beds, etc is not acceptable. Any damage to property will be charge.  If the situation occurs again you will be required to check out. Loud music not acceptable  NON-SMOKING POLICY Smoking is prohibited in all interior areas - not even at an open window. Each room has a smoke detector."
