"This chillout spot in the middle of the action in Amsterdam is designed to enjoy everything this vibrant city has to offer.  Restaurants, theaters, bars, boutiques, parks, canals, nightclubs, museums; all within 5 minutes of travel.","Premium location in the centre of Amsterdam with canal view and view on the Rozengracht. Apartment is 60m2. The apartment offers all the luxury you need: big screen TV (Samsung D8000) with Film1 movie channels, Apple TV and home cinema set, Playstation 3, super large chill out sofa, atmospheric light, candles and a modern equipped kitchen. There is also dishwasher, washing machine and laundry dryer and ironing equipment available.  The bedroom in the back has a balcony which offers sunshine the whole afternoon. Next to that the room is very spacious and quiet. You won't notice you're in the middle of Amsterdam. There is also a big screen tv in the bedroom. The bathroom has a bath tub, a him and hers and a shower. The apartment has a separate toilet.","This chillout spot in the middle of the action in Amsterdam is designed to enjoy everything this vibrant city has to offer.  Restaurants, theaters, bars, boutiques, parks, canals, nightclubs, museums; all within 5 minutes of travel. Premium location in the centre of Amsterdam with canal view and view on the Rozengracht. Apartment is 60m2. The apartment offers all the luxury you need: big screen TV (Samsung D8000) with Film1 movie channels, Apple TV and home cinema set, Playstation 3, super large chill out sofa, atmospheric light, candles and a modern equipped kitchen. There is also dishwasher, washing machine and laundry dryer and ironing equipment available.  The bedroom in the back has a balcony which offers sunshine the whole afternoon. Next to that the room is very spacious and quiet. You won't notice you're in the middle of Amsterdam. There is also a big screen tv in the bedroom. The bathroom has a bath tub, a him and hers and a shower. The apartment has a separate toilet. Large l","One step outside and you're straight away in the vibrant atmosphere of Amsterdam; the crossroad between the Marnixstraat and the Rozengracht. The apartment is located on the border of the typical Amsterdam neighborhood the ""Jordaan"" which offers several typical Amsterdam bars, restaurants and boutiques.  It's also located on a 5 minute walk from the (in)famous Leidseplein which offers several museums, theaters, cinemas  and nightlife.  The main entrance of the Vondelpark is also within 5 minutes walking distance. Dam square is a 10 minute walk.  Bike and scooter rental is available in the same apartment block. Grocery stores and night-shops are in 2 minute walking distance. From the window you can look on one of the most sunniest terraces of Amsterdam at Brandstof.",The apartment is transport-wise very strategically located; almost all centre buses and trams stop on the Marnixstraat or the Rozengracht. There is also a bus station and taxi station on 2 minute walking distance. It's very easy to get around. Using the bike to get around is also very common in Amsterdam. I have a scooter and/or bikes available.,
