"LOCATION-Super central, in the heart of Amsterdam at Leidse Square, with all its restaurants bars en clubs. Walking distance from all attractions Rijksmuseum 2 min. Vondelpark 2 min. straight bus connection from airport and several tramlines & taxis.","On the first floor of a new building in the heart of Amsterdam one can find this lovely modern and luxurious appartment. The building has an elevator, a modern fully equiped kitchen with coffeemachine, oven and microwave. Bathroom with possibilities for a shower or taking a bath. Seperate toilet and a large living room (with tv dvd and soundsystem) which leads to a french balkony, overlooking  the street with all Its restaurants and bars. The bedroom is situated at the back of the appartment and is pretty silent. From the room you can enter the large private balcony at the back off 10 m2. The bedroom is equiped with a new bed (2persons), a closet and a small desk. There is a direct busconnection to schiphol airport: busline 197. Trams 1,2 and 5 and taxi's are within a minute walking distance.","LOCATION-Super central, in the heart of Amsterdam at Leidse Square, with all its restaurants bars en clubs. Walking distance from all attractions Rijksmuseum 2 min. Vondelpark 2 min. straight bus connection from airport and several tramlines & taxis. On the first floor of a new building in the heart of Amsterdam one can find this lovely modern and luxurious appartment. The building has an elevator, a modern fully equiped kitchen with coffeemachine, oven and microwave. Bathroom with possibilities for a shower or taking a bath. Seperate toilet and a large living room (with tv dvd and soundsystem) which leads to a french balkony, overlooking  the street with all Its restaurants and bars. The bedroom is situated at the back of the appartment and is pretty silent. From the room you can enter the large private balcony at the back off 10 m2. The bedroom is equiped with a new bed (2persons), a closet and a small desk. There is a direct busconnection to schiphol airport: busline 197. Trams 1,2 ","This neighbourhood is supersafe and very alive and vibrant. The leidse square has the  highest density of restaurants, bars and clubs in Amsterdam and one finds loads of variety for everyone. It is positioned within walking distance from some of Amsterdam's most favourite highlights like Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh, Shopping streets, canals.","Straight busconnection from Schiphol airport (197)!! Trams 1,2,5,7,10 to connect within the city. Several busconnections everything within 1 min. walk",Calm with respect for the house and the neighbours. Smoking on the balkony Please or outside.
