"Best of Old South Amsterdam, close to nature and close to the center. The newly renovated house is located next to two parks and overlooks a beautiful lake. Sun shines right into your bed in the morning. Important: Apartment is shared + there are curtains","Big bed with sunlight shines in your bed, if you are lucky with the weather.  Abundance of cooking Spices Sound system (speaker on the bed, makes lying in bed in the morning super awesome ) Internet / Bathroom / Kitchen / Fridge / Balcony  I'd be happy to provide tips and tricks for Amsterdam. You can have my cell phone number and feel free to call for advice and ideas while travelling in Amsterdam. I also give Lebanese cooking classes  or can provide an authentic Lebanese meal if interested. Beautiful old part of the town, Amsterdam South. A 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark A 5 minute walk to Rembrant park Beautiful view of the lake in the Kitchen A 3 minute walk to Basketball court (basketball included) 10 minute tram ride to Leidseplein & Museumplein The trams and busses are right around the corner and go straight to Central Station, Leidseplein, Museumplein, Spui.. and other important locations. Parking is possible but paid. Renting out this space, helps me focus more on my startup ","Best of Old South Amsterdam, close to nature and close to the center. The newly renovated house is located next to two parks and overlooks a beautiful lake. Sun shines right into your bed in the morning. Important: Apartment is shared + there are curtains Big bed with sunlight shines in your bed, if you are lucky with the weather.  Abundance of cooking Spices Sound system (speaker on the bed, makes lying in bed in the morning super awesome ) Internet / Bathroom / Kitchen / Fridge / Balcony  I'd be happy to provide tips and tricks for Amsterdam. You can have my cell phone number and feel free to call for advice and ideas while travelling in Amsterdam. I also give Lebanese cooking classes  or can provide an authentic Lebanese meal if interested. Beautiful old part of the town, Amsterdam South. A 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark A 5 minute walk to Rembrant park Beautiful view of the lake in the Kitchen A 3 minute walk to Basketball court (basketball included) 10 minute tram ride to Leidsep","Beautiful old part of the town, Amsterdam South. A 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark A 5 minute walk to Rembrant park Beautiful view of the lake in the Kitchen A 3 minute walk to Basketball court (basketball included) 10 minute tram ride to Leidseplein & Museumplein","The trams and busses are right around the corner and go straight to Central Station, Leidseplein, Museumplein, Spui.. and other important locations. Parking is possible but paid.",Please keep it a bit down in the afterhours as we have a nice old lady living downstairs. Thanks!
