"Bright and clean 2 bedroom apartment on the top floor of a canal-house. Very light because of several skylights. Located in the middle between: the Anne Frank House, the Vondelpark and the Ten Cate Market. Shops, Bars, Fashion and food around the corner. Enjoy!","This apartment is situated in an authentic 19th century residence on the edge of the central canals in the heart of Amsterdam. It has a private entrance and all facilities are for private use. The apartment has several windows and skylights. As a result, it is very light. It has one bedroom, a living room, a bathroom and a separate kitchen. The cozy small bedroom has a king-size bed and views over the courtyard. The living room is modern furnished with a dining table, a sofa and a flatscreen cable TV. The sofa can be converted into a double bed. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, sink and a toiltet. With 40 m2 the apartment is spacious for two, but you can also stay with four. It’s a great place to relax after a day of enjoying the city. In the direct vicinity of the apartment you'll find lots of trendy and authentic bars and restaurants and several supermarkets. Bike rental is around the corner. Also within 100 meter at the same canal there are nice places for breakfast. The apar","Bright and clean 2 bedroom apartment on the top floor of a canal-house. Very light because of several skylights. Located in the middle between: the Anne Frank House, the Vondelpark and the Ten Cate Market. Shops, Bars, Fashion and food around the corner. Enjoy! This apartment is situated in an authentic 19th century residence on the edge of the central canals in the heart of Amsterdam. It has a private entrance and all facilities are for private use. The apartment has several windows and skylights. As a result, it is very light. It has one bedroom, a living room, a bathroom and a separate kitchen. The cozy small bedroom has a king-size bed and views over the courtyard. The living room is modern furnished with a dining table, a sofa and a flatscreen cable TV. The sofa can be converted into a double bed. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, sink and a toiltet. With 40 m2 the apartment is spacious for two, but you can also stay with four. It’s a great place to relax after a day of enjo","Quiet canal in the middle of a bussy neighborhood. Everything is around the corner: Bars Great food Shops Bike rental Boutiques Cinema Ten Kate Market Jordaan Food Halls (new hotspot in town) Public transport connection to all locations in Amsterdam Within 20 minute walk: Rijksmuseum, Anne Frank House, Van Gogh Museum, Vondelpark, Jordaan, Nine Streets, Leidse Square",There are two direct trams from Central Station (17 and 13) who will take you to our place within 15 minutes.,We hope you will have a great time in Amsterdam. •Please do not smoke in our house. •No pets •Please be respectful to our house and the neighbors We live next door ourselves. You are always welcome to ring our bell. We like to give tips and tell you stuff about the City. If you need anything or when you want something changed please tell us. We want your stay to be good.
