"NOTE: YOU MUST RENT A MINIMUM OF ONE MONTH! DO NOT BOOK IF LESS THAN ONE MONTH A beautiful, bright and spacious 1 bedroom, fully furnished apartment in Amsterdam Centre. This apartment sits in a quiet setting on the edge of a beautiful park very close to shopping, the zoo, museums, major attractions, restaurants & Central Station.","A beautiful, bright and spacious 1 bedroom, fully furnished apartment in Amsterdam Centre sits in a quiet setting on the edge of a beautiful park very close to shopping, the zoo, museums, major attractions, restaurants & Central Station. This very clean and  comfortable apartment features: - 1 large bedroom with loads of closet space. - 1 full newly renovated bathroom with shower, toilet and good water pressure. - Wi-Fi/Internet. - Very large newly renovated full kitchen with dishwasher, stove, all the cooking utensils you'll need and a huge window overlooking the park. - Washer & dryer - Very bright and attractively decorated living room with large windows and great view of the park. - A large balcony overlooking the park with a gas BBQ - 2 minute walk to shops and major grocery stores. - Convenient Public Transportation: bus stop is 1 minute from your door and takes you to Central Station in 5 minutes and a tram takes you to Leidseplein (main hub of Amsterdam) in 7 minutes. - Close b","NOTE: YOU MUST RENT A MINIMUM OF ONE MONTH! DO NOT BOOK IF LESS THAN ONE MONTH A beautiful, bright and spacious 1 bedroom, fully furnished apartment in Amsterdam Centre. This apartment sits in a quiet setting on the edge of a beautiful park very close to shopping, the zoo, museums, major attractions, restaurants & Central Station. A beautiful, bright and spacious 1 bedroom, fully furnished apartment in Amsterdam Centre sits in a quiet setting on the edge of a beautiful park very close to shopping, the zoo, museums, major attractions, restaurants & Central Station. This very clean and  comfortable apartment features: - 1 large bedroom with loads of closet space. - 1 full newly renovated bathroom with shower, toilet and good water pressure. - Wi-Fi/Internet. - Very large newly renovated full kitchen with dishwasher, stove, all the cooking utensils you'll need and a huge window overlooking the park. - Washer & dryer - Very bright and attractively decorated living room with large windows a",The wonderful thing about my neighbourhood is that it is in the centre of Amsterdam yet it sits on a beautiful park with a great view from the living room and kitchen and balcony. There are great shops within a one minute walk and public transport is also located within one minute walk. It is close to Central Station and museums and other tourist attractions.,"A bus from Central Station is right outside your door and a tram to Leidseplein, the heartbeat of the city, is also on your doorstep. But to be honest, its an easy walk or bicycle ride to all the sights in the city.","This is a very well maintained, clean home. Respect is important. No smoking and no pets. Passport required for verification."
