"A Street level duplex on beautiful canal in this vibrant area is very near to al the main sights, easy accessable and kids friendly. 2 double beds (or 4 singles) and a sofa bed. With small garden at back and bench in the street. Perfect for Families in september 2017 this street is a ""leefstraat"" meaning this is a car free street! to get an impression from last year look: parool leefstraat 2017 (first hit (Hidden by Airbnb) ).","SEPTEMBER 2017 THIS IS ""leefstraat"" meaning there are no cars allowed! to get an impression from last year look: parool leefstraat 2017 (first hit ggle) Magnificent canal view ground and 1st floor duplex ~ 1000ft on the western side of the city center. This clean, simple but stylish apartment contains at street level: the living room, dining area, kitchen and toilet. 2 Bedrooms on 1st floor with both 2 double beds (or 4 singles) and a sofa bed in the master bedroom. 1 bathroom on 1st floor with a shower and a separate bath and toilet. The apartment is recently refurnished, new beds, new bedding etc! With panoramic views over the canal on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam 'Westerpark' / 'Oud West' / 'Center' area.  The apartment has a private entrance on the ground floor which leads to the hallway. With an open living room/dining room and with a U-shaped modern kitchen with appliances. Beautiful ornamental ceilings are preserved in parts of the apartment.  On this floor you also will","A Street level duplex on beautiful canal in this vibrant area is very near to al the main sights, easy accessable and kids friendly. 2 double beds (or 4 singles) and a sofa bed. With small garden at back and bench in the street. Perfect for Families in september 2017 this street is a ""leefstraat"" meaning this is a car free street! to get an impression from last year look: parool leefstraat 2017 (first hit (Hidden by Airbnb) ). SEPTEMBER 2017 THIS IS ""leefstraat"" meaning there are no cars allowed! to get an impression from last year look: parool leefstraat 2017 (first hit ggle) Magnificent canal view ground and 1st floor duplex ~ 1000ft on the western side of the city center. This clean, simple but stylish apartment contains at street level: the living room, dining area, kitchen and toilet. 2 Bedrooms on 1st floor with both 2 double beds (or 4 singles) and a sofa bed in the master bedroom. 1 bathroom on 1st floor with a shower and a separate bath and toilet. The apartment is recently re",We are located on the west side of the centre of Amsterdam (but on very quit canal/water) in the 'Westerpark/Oud West' area. Lots of shops/restaurants/bars at hand. Transportation at hand (tram/bus few minutes walk). Walk to centre: 10 minutes. Walk to 'Jordaan' area: 2 minutes. Walk to Anne Frank house: 10 minutes. Very lively area but yet the street (canal) itself is really quit. Great view. The coast/beach (Zantvoort/Bloemendaal is 30 minutes by car/train). There is a large playground and a park at walking distance (2 minutes walk) with great restaurant where you can enjoy the sun on the terrace. Paid Parking available on the streets or in a parking (check the websites: iamsterdam or q-park. The closest parking garage nearby is Europarking (URL HIDDEN),"We recommend using a pre booked cab service (like Uber). This will be around 40 euro for a van and around 35 euro for a regular car and bring you to the apt in ~ 20 min door to door. public transport is 7,50 euro per person and will increase you travel time around 45 min outside rush hour.  BY TRAIN FROM SCHIPHOL AIRPORT: Central station is about a 15 minutes. A one way journey is around 4.00 euro. You can buy tickets (EMAIL HIDDEN) station: schiphol to station: amsterdam central tickets are valid all day (in the train), we do not have reserved seats in the train. The are reasonably clean and safe. At Amsterdam CS you can take tram 13 to ‘Geuzenveld’ and get out at “De Clercqstraat/Bilderdijkstraat” which is about 10-15 minutes. You can buy a ticket in the tram (bring cash, preferrably small change). From that intersection you walk 2 minutes on ‘De bilderdijkstraat’ in the direction of a small park (but don’t cross the street to go to the park), and cross the bridge. right after the br","-Checkin (15:00) and checkout (10:00) are fixed, we cannot provide a early checkin or late checkout, however we can provide you with luggage storage tips  -Absolutely pet and smoke free!  -Bed linnen/towels included  -Weekly cleaning available only upon request  -Very Kids friendly -Easy access, downstairs apartment (but beds on 1st floor) -The apartment is in good condition, please take good care, as you would do with your own house.  -What we like about AIRBNB is that it provides you all the advantages of self catering -Quiet building no parties, no students, no Bachelor(rets) parties"
