"Great for families or friendly groups!  Relax, quiet & specious apartment in one of the most lively pop-scene de Pijp.  Sweet garden for the sunny days & cosy living-room.",The apartment has easy access to public transport and within walking distance from some of the city's hippest neighbourhoods. Both rooms have a double proper bed and a lot of sunlight with a big window makes sure there is a flow of fresh air when opened. We provide clean bed linnen and towels for you stay.,"Great for families or friendly groups!  Relax, quiet & specious apartment in one of the most lively pop-scene de Pijp.  Sweet garden for the sunny days & cosy living-room. The apartment has easy access to public transport and within walking distance from some of the city's hippest neighbourhoods. Both rooms have a double proper bed and a lot of sunlight with a big window makes sure there is a flow of fresh air when opened. We provide clean bed linnen and towels for you stay. The common areas contains a big living room overlooking the garden. The bathroom contains a shower and toilet. Furthermore there is a complete kitchen available including: fridge, micro-wave, wash machine, plenty of kitchen utensils, blender, coffee grinder, dishwasher, sheets, towels. For your dirty clothes there are a washing machine and a dryer. TV, to keep you entertained and Wi-Fi to keep you up-to-date. :) What we love about the location is that is sets in a quiet and save area from the popular thirties. A gr","What we love about the location is that is sets in a quiet and save area from the popular thirties. A great variety of interesting facilities are all within walking distance: Sarphatipark (2 minutes), the longest markets of Europe ""the Albert Cuyp"" (5 minutes), The best pizza restaurant just in front of the house and a great veggie restaurant next to it. Supermarkets, local markets, trendy cafe’s and way more are around the area 5 minutes away and RAI conference center very near by. The best about the location is the quite street where we live in the Pijp making your stay comfortable.","Transport:  The house is easy reachable from Schiphol airport to train Central station with public transport. A tram to and from central station would take you about 15 minutes.  There are several trams that go to our apartment but the easy way to get to my house is from Amsterdam central station. You take tram 16 or 24and get out at the stop called ""Albert Cuypstraat"" From there it's only 5-10 minutes walk to our apartment. Please print a map to make sure you don't get lost ;)  It will take you 15-20 minutes by foot to get to the centre of Amsterdam like Rembrandsplein en Leidseplein or rent a bike around the corner of the house. Parking:  There are parking spots in my street and my neighbourhood but to park here in Amsterdam is pretty expensive. I would recommend to go to a ""Park and Ride"" where you can park your car much cheaper. The closest one to my house is the one called ""Arena Transferium"". From there you can take the subway to central station and tram 25 to our apartment.",The most important thing is that you make yourself as home. Treat the place like if it was you own and leave the place reasonably tidy. Amsterdam is a smoking city as you know. You can smoke in the garden and not in the common areas. You will have your own key and we appreciate it if you consider noise in the late evening. No parties allow at the house!
