Modern apartment in the centre of Amsterdam.,"The living room has many large windows making the apartment catch a lot of light. The kitchen, including a cooking isle, adjoins the living room making cooking a social activity (one of my favorite features of the place). There is one 1 bedroom with a double bed. There is 1 smaller bedroom/study room with the option for a single bed. The smaller room is used as a study room that is occasionally used as a bed room. There's a slatted base and a mattress in the small room, so the person would be laying close to the ground. Hence, for the optimal experience, the apartment is advised for a couple. Both rooms have a door that leads to the balcony. The bathroom has a bath and a shower. Further there's a small hallway, a toilet, and washing machine cabin. The apartment is on the 4 floor, which makes it catch a lot of sunlight but makes it less accessible for, for example wheelchairs. Also, there is no elevator so for those having trouble getting up staircases (e.g. bad knees etc.) this apartme","Modern apartment in the centre of Amsterdam. The living room has many large windows making the apartment catch a lot of light. The kitchen, including a cooking isle, adjoins the living room making cooking a social activity (one of my favorite features of the place). There is one 1 bedroom with a double bed. There is 1 smaller bedroom/study room with the option for a single bed. The smaller room is used as a study room that is occasionally used as a bed room. There's a slatted base and a mattress in the small room, so the person would be laying close to the ground. Hence, for the optimal experience, the apartment is advised for a couple. Both rooms have a door that leads to the balcony. The bathroom has a bath and a shower. Further there's a small hallway, a toilet, and washing machine cabin. The apartment is on the 4 floor, which makes it catch a lot of sunlight but makes it less accessible for, for example wheelchairs. Also, there is no elevator so for those having trouble getting up ","The appartment is close (2 min walking) to the Ten Kate market, a daily market with all kinds of food (veggies, cheese, fish, meat, younameittheygotit) Vondelpark on 5 min. walking distance.  Jordaan-area is on 12 min. walking distance. Dam Square is a short (5-10 min) tram or bike ride. The same goes for Leidseplein.","Trams are 1 min walking and provide good access around the city.  Bike rental shops down the street. I hear most positive stories about BikeU4 at the other end of the street. Tram 17 takes you straight from central station to the apartment (stop at ""JP Heijestraat"").  From schiphol airport fastest is to take the train to ""Lelylaan station"" (7 min) and then tram 17 (10 min, stop at ""JP Heijestraat"" ).  For those with car, fee is 2,40 p/hour in front of the house and 1,40 p/hour 200m west. The best option for long term parking is the camera protected parking at Comeniusstraat 10 (9€/day). From there a tram (included in parking ticket) goes straight to the apartment. (website hidden) ""Q Park Comeniusstraat"" to find its website.","There are neighbours, please take them into account. That mainly means no loud noise after +/- 11pm, especially during weekdays.  This is very important to us, since happy neighbours means we can use Airbnb."
