"Unique, spacious 90m2 appartment, tastefully renovated and decorated with everything you need available. Because the calm, village-like qualities of this part of the city, it’s one of the most wanted and appreciated living areas with the nicest restaurants, bars, musea and best shopping area in walking distance. The apartment is fully equipped for a short or longer stay and is perfect for business or holiday travels.","The loft is clean, spacious and tastefully decorated and has exactly what you are looking for: a good bed, bath/shower, good location, clean and very spacious room (85m2). It has a recently new designed kitchen. There is not much personal clutter, so there is a hotel quality to it. The appartement is on of the best places for a cultural visit to Amsterdam. The Rijksmuseum, the van Gogh museum and Stedelijk Museum are all within 3 minutes walking distance. Within a few minutes you find yourself in the canal area.","Unique, spacious 90m2 appartment, tastefully renovated and decorated with everything you need available. Because the calm, village-like qualities of this part of the city, it’s one of the most wanted and appreciated living areas with the nicest restaurants, bars, musea and best shopping area in walking distance. The apartment is fully equipped for a short or longer stay and is perfect for business or holiday travels. The loft is clean, spacious and tastefully decorated and has exactly what you are looking for: a good bed, bath/shower, good location, clean and very spacious room (85m2). It has a recently new designed kitchen. There is not much personal clutter, so there is a hotel quality to it. The appartement is on of the best places for a cultural visit to Amsterdam. The Rijksmuseum, the van Gogh museum and Stedelijk Museum are all within 3 minutes walking distance. Within a few minutes you find yourself in the canal area. - WiFi internet - TV/radio - new kitchen with everything you ","This neighbourhood has it all! Musea: Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and van Gogh Museum, are at a 3 minute walking distance. In the street you will find the nicest breakfast parlors, places for lunch, and restaurants (1 minute walking distance). Down the street is the famous Albert Cuyp market (5 mins walking). The atmosphere is lively but calm in the part of the street where the apartment is situated. The canals and center is also a 5 minute walk away. This really is the cosiest neighbourhood i know in town!!",The appartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam with good north-south and east-west connections by tram (1 minute walking). The center is easily reached by foot.,"I love to be able to share my living space and trust the fact that you will respect that and treat this space with care. - I ask you to respect my neighbours and not to make noise after 23:00 or play loud music.  - Keep in mind that the patio in the back of the loft needs to be quit at night, also in consideration of the neighbours.  - Considering the fact that this is an old house where you can hear noises from people that live here, all neihgbours respect each others calm and privacy. Therefore you are not allowed to play loud music. All normal behaviour is accepted :) - This is a non-smoking house. Smoking is only allowed on the FRONT balcony."
