"This totally renovated 2BD apartment, with authentic details, is centrally located next to the Jordaan and will make your stay in Amsterdam just perfect! Enjoy your coffee in the morning sun on the front french balcony and a glass of wine in the evening sun at the back :)","The location (very central) and the combination of luxury and authentic details. Entire apartment. Just a 2 min walk to the Jordaan with lots of bars and restaurants and a 5 min walk to the Westerpark. 5 min walk to Anne Frank Museum and a lot of other tourist attractions in the neighbourhood. Public transport around the corner. Tram 5 and 10 brings you within 5 minutes to the main attractions in town and bus 18 and 21 to the Central Station. Also walkable of course! Very comfortable bed (box-spring), flat screen in bedroom and living room. Two balconies (morning and evening sun), luxurious bathroom and open kitchen with all equipment including a full automatic coffee machine with fresh coffee beans. Entire apartment. Just a 2 min walk to the Jordaan with lots of bars and restaurants and a 5 min walk to the Westerpark. 5 min walk to Anne Frank Museum and a lot of other tourist attractions in the neighbourhood. Public transport around the corner. Tram 5 and 10 brings you within 5 minute","This totally renovated 2BD apartment, with authentic details, is centrally located next to the Jordaan and will make your stay in Amsterdam just perfect! Enjoy your coffee in the morning sun on the front french balcony and a glass of wine in the evening sun at the back :) The location (very central) and the combination of luxury and authentic details. Entire apartment. Just a 2 min walk to the Jordaan with lots of bars and restaurants and a 5 min walk to the Westerpark. 5 min walk to Anne Frank Museum and a lot of other tourist attractions in the neighbourhood. Public transport around the corner. Tram 5 and 10 brings you within 5 minutes to the main attractions in town and bus 18 and 21 to the Central Station. Also walkable of course! Very comfortable bed (box-spring), flat screen in bedroom and living room. Two balconies (morning and evening sun), luxurious bathroom and open kitchen with all equipment including a full automatic coffee machine with fresh coffee beans. Entire apartment.",Just a 2 min walk to the Jordaan with lots of bars and restaurants and a 5 min walk to the Westerpark. 5 min walk to Anne Frank Museum and a lot of other tourist attractions in the neighbourhood.,Public transport around the corner. Tram 5 and 10 brings you within 5 minutes to the main attractions in town and bus 18 and 21 to the Central Station. Also walkable of course!,"No smoking, no pets and we ask you to treat it as it would be your own home."
