"My charming, clean and bright apartment is located in a quiet street in the middle of the lively East neighbourhood and just 10 minutes from downtown. The garden is adjacent to the spacious living room where you can have a bbq diner.","In the east part of the city ‘Indische Buurt’, in a peaceful and upcoming neighbourhood lies this charming, light filled apartment, appr. 55 square metres (=approximately 807 square feet).  The apartment has a kitchen, bathroom with shower and toilet, cable television, fast wifi and dishwasher. It has a view on the Makassarplein and lies in a neighbourhood with several cafe's, bars and restaurants, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  If you are looking for a nice place with garden, this temporary 'home' in Amsterdam, close to the center is the ideal place for your stay. However, when you come to Amsterdam to party I have to disappoint you. I want my guests to have fun but this should not be at the expense of the rest of my neighbors. I will be happy to point you to places of interest. Withing walking distance from the apartment lie the Flevopark, the zoo ‘Artis’, Studio-K art-house cinema, the National Maritime Museum, the Tropenmuseum, Oosterpark, and","My charming, clean and bright apartment is located in a quiet street in the middle of the lively East neighbourhood and just 10 minutes from downtown. The garden is adjacent to the spacious living room where you can have a bbq diner. In the east part of the city ‘Indische Buurt’, in a peaceful and upcoming neighbourhood lies this charming, light filled apartment, appr. 55 square metres (=approximately 807 square feet).  The apartment has a kitchen, bathroom with shower and toilet, cable television, fast wifi and dishwasher. It has a view on the Makassarplein and lies in a neighbourhood with several cafe's, bars and restaurants, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  If you are looking for a nice place with garden, this temporary 'home' in Amsterdam, close to the center is the ideal place for your stay. However, when you come to Amsterdam to party I have to disappoint you. I want my guests to have fun but this should not be at the expense of the rest of my",I love the diversity of restaurants and cafe's. If you like to go to the park it is possible within a 10 min walk from my house. The city center is a 15 min drive with the bus or tram and the peace and quiet you can find in my garden.,"From Amsterdam Central train station: bus 22, stop: Javaplein. From Amsterdam Zuid WTC station: bus 65, stop: Javaplein. From Amsterdam Amstel train station: bus 65, stop: Javaplein. Tram 14 from Javaplein to Damsquare in 15 minutes. Tram 3 to Rijksmuseum in 20-25 minutes. By car: Ring A10 Noord, turn of at exit 14. Paid parking in front of the apartment.","Its strictly prohibited to smoke, party and use drugs inside my house and garden. I do not want trouble with my neighbours and/or police. Thank you"
