"Our 19th century apartment lies in the centre of Amsterdam. Perfect for couples with a kid. It's located in a shady street and an idyllic little square (with picknick tables and play ground) Above a romantic, quiet cafe that closes around midnight.  ","Fantastic apartment for 2 persons. And there's room for a baby too. The apartment is about 65m2 with a spacious livingroom, a cosy kitchen, a small bathroom and a tiny bedroom for your baby/kid. At the front there's an oriel overlooking cafe terras.","Our 19th century apartment lies in the centre of Amsterdam. Perfect for couples with a kid. It's located in a shady street and an idyllic little square (with picknick tables and play ground) Above a romantic, quiet cafe that closes around midnight.   Fantastic apartment for 2 persons. And there's room for a baby too. The apartment is about 65m2 with a spacious livingroom, a cosy kitchen, a small bathroom and a tiny bedroom for your baby/kid. At the front there's an oriel overlooking cafe terras. You'll have the whole appartment to yourselves. We'll give a small tour, answer your questions, give tips and handover the keys. And then you'll have the apartment all to yourselve.  Our 19th century apartment is located in a shady street next to a idyllic little square (with picknick tables and play ground) and above a romantic, quiet cafe that closes around midnight.  This is the perfect spot for soaking up everything that Amsterdam has to offer, a three minute walk to the famous canals, and ","Our 19th century apartment is located in a shady street next to a idyllic little square (with picknick tables and play ground) and above a romantic, quiet cafe that closes around midnight. ","This is the perfect spot for soaking up everything that Amsterdam has to offer, a three minute walk to the famous canals, and only 5 to 15 minutes walks to the most important cultural highlights (5 min: Stadsschouwburg, Bellevue Theater, Nieuwe DeLaMar, two cinema's, and 15 min walk to Rijks Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Concertgebouw, Stedelijk Museum) ",We have neighbours upstairs. Please be kind and considerate to them. The ceiling is thin... Stereo or tv must be on low levels. It's a non-smoking apartment.
