"Charming apartment close to the trendy area of the Jordaan! This two bedroom apartment has all the old elements still in place, but with a modern parisian touch. It also has a spacious garden to have a nice breakfast or drinks outside should the weather allow!","The apartment has two bedrooms, a cosy living room with a dining table and sofa, a toilet, and separate shower room and a fully functional kitchen. It also has cable TV, a fast wireless internet connection and a washing machine for your convenience.  The apartment is located just a 10 minutes walk to the Jordaan, with excellent access to the city centre with public transport, in an emerging neighborhoud of Amsterdam with nice cafes and restaurants nearby.  If you'd like to have the full Amsterdam experience, you have found your apartment!","Charming apartment close to the trendy area of the Jordaan! This two bedroom apartment has all the old elements still in place, but with a modern parisian touch. It also has a spacious garden to have a nice breakfast or drinks outside should the weather allow! The apartment has two bedrooms, a cosy living room with a dining table and sofa, a toilet, and separate shower room and a fully functional kitchen. It also has cable TV, a fast wireless internet connection and a washing machine for your convenience.  The apartment is located just a 10 minutes walk to the Jordaan, with excellent access to the city centre with public transport, in an emerging neighborhoud of Amsterdam with nice cafes and restaurants nearby.  If you'd like to have the full Amsterdam experience, you have found your apartment! I love to host, and will make sure to give you as much information as possible about the house and its surroundings. Looking forward very much to hosting you! The apartment is located in an emer","The apartment is located in an emerging neighbourhood of Amsterdam-West, but very close to the city centre. With lots of bars and restaurants nearby, but nice and quiet at night. There is a supermarket around the corner and some really good places for coffee, bagels and take away food.","Excellent access to Central station, the city centre an the Museum district. Trams 12 and 14 and bus stops 18 and 80 are just around the corner of the apartment!",
