"My apartment is located in a beautiful, green and relaxed neighborhood in the city centre with: separate, light and sunny bedroom, separate shower & bath tub, flatscreen TV & WiFi. NB: Amsterdamish-steep stairs (2nd floor). Very clean and quiet!","Hello there! My apartment is located in a beautiful neighborhood of Amsterdam - the Plantage Area. This is a green and lush neighborhood in the middle of the city centre next to the Botanical Garden and the Wertheimpark. The apartment is well-maintained, cozy and nicely furnished. Livingroom with open kitchen and separate bedroom to the south - you will wake up with sunlight (trimmed with thick curtains so you can also sleep in). Spacious, clean bathroom with shower and separate bathtub. Towels are provided. In the livingroom is an open kitchen with modern amenities, DVD player, TV and a big, comfy fluffy couch. There is good free Wi-fi connection.  Breakfast muesli or bread, fruit juice, yoghurt and fresh fruit is provided.  There is also a Coffee Company around the corner for all kinds of freshly ground coffee's and great latte's! Plantage Area is very quiet and peaceful with good restaurants around the block. Close by in walking distance you will find: - Rembrandtplein for nightlive","My apartment is located in a beautiful, green and relaxed neighborhood in the city centre with: separate, light and sunny bedroom, separate shower & bath tub, flatscreen TV & WiFi. NB: Amsterdamish-steep stairs (2nd floor). Very clean and quiet! Hello there! My apartment is located in a beautiful neighborhood of Amsterdam - the Plantage Area. This is a green and lush neighborhood in the middle of the city centre next to the Botanical Garden and the Wertheimpark. The apartment is well-maintained, cozy and nicely furnished. Livingroom with open kitchen and separate bedroom to the south - you will wake up with sunlight (trimmed with thick curtains so you can also sleep in). Spacious, clean bathroom with shower and separate bathtub. Towels are provided. In the livingroom is an open kitchen with modern amenities, DVD player, TV and a big, comfy fluffy couch. There is good free Wi-fi connection.  Breakfast muesli or bread, fruit juice, yoghurt and fresh fruit is provided.  There is also a Co","The neighbourhood is sunny&green, pretty, safe and peaceful. Within a range of 5 min by foot, there is the Botanical Garden, the beautiful Artis Zoo, the Wertheimpark and the Hermitage Museum. (And much more!)  It is an unique quarter of quietness and peacefulness situated right in the middle of a busy, lively and roaring citycentre.","Getting around is very easy.  Two minutes walk, there is a the metro. One minute walk, there is a tram stop for tram 9 and tram 14.  Amsterdam Central Station is only ten minutes from the apartment. And most important: the apartment is situated in the middle of the city centre: Amsterdam Dam Square, Leidseplein, Museum district - its all within a range of maximum of fifteen minutes by bike.  But my neighbourhood is very quiet and peaceful!",- No smoking allowed.  - No pets allowed. - No partying. - No other visitors than registered guests allowed. - No shoes in house! - No kids allowed.  - Preferably minimum age of 21. - The ceiling of my apartment is quite low. Please be careful stretching your arms when your near the ceilinglamp in the living room! :) - Books are the soul of a house. I have many books and I am very much emotionally attached to every book in my house. Please leave them in the shelves!! - Please consider the neighbours - no loud music and no noises of talking in the hall please!
