"Welcome in my apartment, located at one of the nicest places in Amsterdam. You'll find everything you need! It is very close to the Jordaan (9 Straatjes), the Museumsquare, close to the water and surrounded by many cafés and restaurants!","My 60m2 apartment is located at one of the nicest places in Amsterdam, Oud West and fit two people. Less than one minute away from the Jordaan (city centre), close to the water and within reach from many cafés and restaurants, made me fell in love with this place. The old building has been renovated in April 2012. During the renovation a deep balcony (8m2) was added. The balcony has a view on a number of courtyards which makes your stay even more valuable. Although located close to a lively area, this apartment offers you a quit place to relax as well. ","Welcome in my apartment, located at one of the nicest places in Amsterdam. You'll find everything you need! It is very close to the Jordaan (9 Straatjes), the Museumsquare, close to the water and surrounded by many cafés and restaurants! My 60m2 apartment is located at one of the nicest places in Amsterdam, Oud West and fit two people. Less than one minute away from the Jordaan (city centre), close to the water and within reach from many cafés and restaurants, made me fell in love with this place. The old building has been renovated in April 2012. During the renovation a deep balcony (8m2) was added. The balcony has a view on a number of courtyards which makes your stay even more valuable. Although located close to a lively area, this apartment offers you a quit place to relax as well.  The apartment has everything you need. Wifi, a dishwasher, washing machine, a separated bath and shower and an open kitchen. In short, it will make your Amsterdam visit memorable and exiting! I won't be","Oud West is in the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and van Gogh museum. Do go and visit ""de 9 straatjes"" (9 little streets), which is one of the greatest shopping areas of Amsterdam.  In the area you'll find great bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants.","Public transport is less than 5 min away, if you don’t feel like walking.",.
