"My apartment is in the vibrant neighbourhood of de Pijp. It's perfectly located for culture vultures, foodies and retail-addicts alike.  Albert Cuypmarkt, Rijksmuseum, Heineken Experience and countless restaurants and boutiques are a short walk away. Nearby metro and tram connections will get you everywhere (including the airport), or you can hop on a bike! I love this city and my neighbourhood is a perfect place to explore from.","My apartment is best suited to those who seek a cool and characterful home-from-home when they travel. It's a 46 sqm one-bedroom apartment with an open plan layout incorporating lounge, kitchen and dining area. The bedroom and bathroom are seperate rooms. My newly-renovated kitchen is the heart and soul of the apartment. It has an oven, dishwasher, stove, and refrigerator with icebox. And of course, all of the utensils and crockery you'd expect. My bathroom is a functional wet room. While there's no bath (quite typical for Amsterdam) it has all the other usual facilities. Heating for the apartment comes from a gas fireplace. As you can see from the photos the bedroom is a comfy, cozy den (most suitable for people under 6ft). The back of the apartment has views into some of Amsterdam's leafy residential courtyards.","My apartment is in the vibrant neighbourhood of de Pijp. It's perfectly located for culture vultures, foodies and retail-addicts alike.  Albert Cuypmarkt, Rijksmuseum, Heineken Experience and countless restaurants and boutiques are a short walk away. Nearby metro and tram connections will get you everywhere (including the airport), or you can hop on a bike! I love this city and my neighbourhood is a perfect place to explore from. My apartment is best suited to those who seek a cool and characterful home-from-home when they travel. It's a 46 sqm one-bedroom apartment with an open plan layout incorporating lounge, kitchen and dining area. The bedroom and bathroom are seperate rooms. My newly-renovated kitchen is the heart and soul of the apartment. It has an oven, dishwasher, stove, and refrigerator with icebox. And of course, all of the utensils and crockery you'd expect. My bathroom is a functional wet room. While there's no bath (quite typical for Amsterdam) it has all the other usual","Now well-established as the hippest area of Amsterdam (and one of the priciest to live) de Pijp has everything that locals could crave. There’s the beautiful Sarphatipark, bustling Albert Cuypstraat market, and enough shops, bars, cafés and restaurants orbiting those to keep locals and visitors entertained for quite some time. Originally built for Amsterdam’s workers during the 1800s to ease overpopulation in the Jordaan area, the neighbourhood has been re-purposed in the 21st Century by students, affluent singles and trendy young families who’ve settled in the area. With that, dozens of bars, cafés and boutiques have sprung up to service a population looking for good coffee and unique retail experiences. But it’s the street market which still provides the heart and soul of the area. Held six days per week for over a century, it’s here, in the concentrated stream of grocery shoppers, that you’ll see a real slice of life with more locals (read ex-pats as well as Amsterdammers) than visi","De Pijp has some of the best public transport connections in Amsterdam.  A new metro station (three minutes by foot from the apartment) connects you to Amsterdam's Schiphol airport in 20-25 minutes (via Zuid Station), to the city centre (including Amsterdam Central Station) and under the River Ij to Amsterdam North. Meanwhile, several tram routes can take you to the east and west of the city without fuss. The tram stops are a five-minute walk from the apartment.  Some big attractions including Albert Cuypmarkt, The Stedelijk, Rijksmuseum, and Heineken Experience are a ten-minute walk or less. But if you want to get there a little quicker, you can always hire a bike from one of the nearby bike shops and use it to tour the city as the locals do!","Make yourself at home but please treat my apartment respectfully. Smoking is not allowed anywhere inside the apartment and I appreciate that you consider the neighbors by keeping volume at an appropriate level, particularly at nighttime. Otherwise, enjoy!"
