"Our attractive and spacious apartment, spread over two floors has as well a spacious garden on the South as a balcony. The famous Vondelpark across the street plus very nice restaurants and shops around the corner. 10 minutes by bike from the Centre.","Lovely spacious house, 155m2, with front and back, separated by stained glass doors. Three spacious bedrooms, one of them in the garden house. An attractive garden to the south with pond, apple  tree and grapes growing lush. Dining room adjoins balcony. Open kitchen. Downstairs are two bedrooms with a yoga space between them. Spacious bathroom with bath, separate shower and toilet. Upstairs is a separate toilet.","Our attractive and spacious apartment, spread over two floors has as well a spacious garden on the South as a balcony. The famous Vondelpark across the street plus very nice restaurants and shops around the corner. 10 minutes by bike from the Centre. Lovely spacious house, 155m2, with front and back, separated by stained glass doors. Three spacious bedrooms, one of them in the garden house. An attractive garden to the south with pond, apple  tree and grapes growing lush. Dining room adjoins balcony. Open kitchen. Downstairs are two bedrooms with a yoga space between them. Spacious bathroom with bath, separate shower and toilet. Upstairs is a separate toilet. Amenities: Wi-Fi TV/Dvd Fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher) Washer/dryer Almost directly at the Vondelpark. Many nice restaurants with terraces over the bridge and the nearby Amstelveenseweg, with extensive breakfast, lunch and dinner options. Vanaf Centraal Station neem je tram 1 tot halte Overtoomsesluis, of tram","Almost directly at the Vondelpark. Many nice restaurants with terraces over the bridge and the nearby Amstelveenseweg, with extensive breakfast, lunch and dinner options.","Vanaf Centraal Station neem je tram 1 tot halte Overtoomsesluis, of tram 2 tot halte Amstelveenseweg. Vanaf Amsterdam Zuid/WTC, bus 15 tot halte Haarlemmermeerstation.  Fietsverhuur om de hoek op de Amstelveenseweg.",Roken verboden Huisdieren verboden
