"Located at walking distance from the famous and most visited park in Amsterdam: the Vondelpark, the apartment is situated on the thirth floor of a beautiful 19th century building in a very attractive street. It comfortably fits two.","Next to the world famous Vondelpark is situated on the thirth floor of a beautiful 20th century building in a very attractive street the newly refurbished apartment. A visit to Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, van Goghmuseum or the store from Chanel, Dior, etc walking through the Vondelpark takes 10 minutes. There is a fully equipped kitchen, Nespresso-coffee, two rooms, shower and separate toilet. It has a view on both sides: one overlooking the quiet street and the other overlooking the garden at the back side of the house with afternoon and evening sun. A great night's sleep is garantueed in the Auping bed(s).","Located at walking distance from the famous and most visited park in Amsterdam: the Vondelpark, the apartment is situated on the thirth floor of a beautiful 19th century building in a very attractive street. It comfortably fits two. Next to the world famous Vondelpark is situated on the thirth floor of a beautiful 20th century building in a very attractive street the newly refurbished apartment. A visit to Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, van Goghmuseum or the store from Chanel, Dior, etc walking through the Vondelpark takes 10 minutes. There is a fully equipped kitchen, Nespresso-coffee, two rooms, shower and separate toilet. It has a view on both sides: one overlooking the quiet street and the other overlooking the garden at the back side of the house with afternoon and evening sun. A great night's sleep is garantueed in the Auping bed(s). The apartment is 62 square meter, and has a private entrance. On arrival you can ask anything about Amsterdam and it's attractions. For the rest you","A short bike ride through the park will take you to the Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and Concertgebouw in only ten minutes. In the surrounding streets there are lots of cafe’s and restaurants serving Italian, Thai, French,  Greek and Indonesian food, traditional Indonesian-Dutch Rijsttafel, RAW-food restaurants. Gent aan de Schinkel will serve a delicious breakfast and lunch. Around the corner you will find the trendy Van Mechelen bar-restaurant. For self-caterers, there is a fully equipped kitchen, a supermarket at three minutes walking distance.","You can take a taxi from Schiphol Airport. If you use the car take the exit S106. Public transport from train stations as possible, and 5 minutes walk from bus stop (15) or tram line 1,2, 17 to Central Station",Pets are not allowed. Smoking is not permitted. Enjoy the property and respect will be highly appreciated to the neighbourhood and its inmates.
