Charming Studio  with beautiful Sunny Rooftop Terrace centrally located (5 min Vondelpark / 10 min Rijksmuseum / Leidseplein)! Your realy have the feeling living in a residential save area with nice trendy local cafes and restaurants on the corner.,"Charming Studio with Rooftop Terrace centrally located. A 4 minutes walk to the Vondelpark. Nearby are several trendy cafes and  restaurants where you may go for drinks, lunch or dinner. A 10 minutes walk to the heart of the city centre. Tram and bus lines are nearby and so are the Van Gogh Museum, Rijks Museum, the Concert Gebouw and the Entertainment Area (Leidse Plein). You can rent a bike and experience Amsterdam as a native.    The Studio is on the third and fourth floor and has a private entrance. There is a flat screen TV and wireless internet. The terrace is large and comfortable. And when the weather is nice, you can dine outside. In the summertime you will have sun on the terrace from 10.30 am till 9.30 pm! The bedroom is charming and romantic.  The Studio is located in a safe and tranquil residential neighborhood and a great place to stay! ","Charming Studio  with beautiful Sunny Rooftop Terrace centrally located (5 min Vondelpark / 10 min Rijksmuseum / Leidseplein)! Your realy have the feeling living in a residential save area with nice trendy local cafes and restaurants on the corner. Charming Studio with Rooftop Terrace centrally located. A 4 minutes walk to the Vondelpark. Nearby are several trendy cafes and  restaurants where you may go for drinks, lunch or dinner. A 10 minutes walk to the heart of the city centre. Tram and bus lines are nearby and so are the Van Gogh Museum, Rijks Museum, the Concert Gebouw and the Entertainment Area (Leidse Plein). You can rent a bike and experience Amsterdam as a native.    The Studio is on the third and fourth floor and has a private entrance. There is a flat screen TV and wireless internet. The terrace is large and comfortable. And when the weather is nice, you can dine outside. In the summertime you will have sun on the terrace from 10.30 am till 9.30 pm! The bedroom is charming ",Close to the old Center of Amsterdam Close to Vondelpark Tranquil residential Neighbourhood Nice Trendy restaurants/cafés on the corner Nice Sunny RoofTerrace to relax / enjoy ,Two tramlines to the Center (3 minutes walk / less then 10 minutes travelingtime downtown Amsterdam). ,House Rules are: Act if it is your own property; Please don't smoke in the studio (because of safety); It is prohibited to cook in the studio (there is a microwave in the studio to heat up instant meals and a water cooker for coffee and thee). Be silent for the neighbours (also on the staircase) Don't use the roof terrace after 22.00 hours because of the neighbours Don't BBQ on the roof terrace because of safety Close the windows and lock the doors when you go out.
