"This charming apartment is located in the popular ‘Hoofddorpplein’ district with lots of shops, restaurants and terraces.  Easy access to all major attractions in Amsterdam; nightlife, museums, shops and restaurants; all just around the corner! ","This charming apartment is located in the popular ‘Hoofddorpplein’ district with lots of shops, restaurants and terraces.  You can have an excellent vacation in this typical Amsterdam-style house with a great sunny garden. While sitting at the kitchentable you look into the garden where you can have breakfast on the veranda in the morning and have a barbecue in the evening.  It’s only a five minute stroll to the famous Vondelpark and if you take the public transport or a bicycle, within 5 minutes on your bike or by tram you'll reach the city centre, the Van Gogh, the Rijksmuseum and the canals.  The neighbourhood is vivid with lots of restaurants, bakery's and teracces.  Free wireless internet is available as are all other standard amenities. Coffee, tea, spices etc you can use as well.    It's a 10 minutes drive to get you from Schiphol Airport to the house. Public transport (train) takes you here in about 25 minutes and the tramstop is close by. ","This charming apartment is located in the popular ‘Hoofddorpplein’ district with lots of shops, restaurants and terraces.  Easy access to all major attractions in Amsterdam; nightlife, museums, shops and restaurants; all just around the corner!  This charming apartment is located in the popular ‘Hoofddorpplein’ district with lots of shops, restaurants and terraces.  You can have an excellent vacation in this typical Amsterdam-style house with a great sunny garden. While sitting at the kitchentable you look into the garden where you can have breakfast on the veranda in the morning and have a barbecue in the evening.  It’s only a five minute stroll to the famous Vondelpark and if you take the public transport or a bicycle, within 5 minutes on your bike or by tram you'll reach the city centre, the Van Gogh, the Rijksmuseum and the canals.  The neighbourhood is vivid with lots of restaurants, bakery's and teracces.  Free wireless internet is available as are all other standard amenities. C","Dieses charmantes Apartment liegt in das beliebte 'Hoofddorpplein' Viertel, mit seinem gemütlichen Gassen, viele tolle Geschäften, Restaurants, Lokalen und Terrassen. Nur fünf Minuten zu Fuß bis zum berühmte 'Vondelpark', Mit den Tram oder Fahrrad nur fünf Minuten bis zum Ortsmitte, Museums und die Kanäle. ","There is a direct tramline into the city centre (5 minutes) and to the Central Station (20 minutes). If you want to move around like a Dutchman, rent a bike. ",
