"Our stylish studio (323 sqft, 1st floor) is fully equipped for a pleasant stay. Coffee, tea and a welcome drink are there for you, and we lend you 2 bicycles to explore the city like a local. The city centre is easily reached with a nice walk or bike ride via the Amstel riverside. Public transport is around the corner (metro, train, tram) Here you can catch your breath after city adventure","Welcome in our cozy 2-person studio just above our house on the ground floor,  accessible by stairs. A typical 19th century dike house, beautifully located near the Amstel river. The studio is equipped with a comfortable queen size bed (optional 2 twin beds), dining table and nice armchairs. You can play some tunes on the record player, read a book or watch tv. Coffee and tea are there for you, also shampoo, towels and a welcome drink","Our stylish studio (323 sqft, 1st floor) is fully equipped for a pleasant stay. Coffee, tea and a welcome drink are there for you, and we lend you 2 bicycles to explore the city like a local. The city centre is easily reached with a nice walk or bike ride via the Amstel riverside. Public transport is around the corner (metro, train, tram) Here you can catch your breath after city adventure Welcome in our cozy 2-person studio just above our house on the ground floor,  accessible by stairs. A typical 19th century dike house, beautifully located near the Amstel river. The studio is equipped with a comfortable queen size bed (optional 2 twin beds), dining table and nice armchairs. You can play some tunes on the record player, read a book or watch tv. Coffee and tea are there for you, also shampoo, towels and a welcome drink Wi-Fi, television, classic turntable 2 bikes available tea and coffee making facilities linnen, towels toiletries, hairdryer iron umbrellas city map and book with perso","The best spot on the Amstel here! In summer the Weesperzijde dock teems with boats and barbecues. You can take a dive in the water or relax on one of the terraces near by. Following the river towards the historic city centre you'll pass the skinny bridge, Carré theatre and the Hermitage museum. Around the corner reigns an Berlin atmosphere at dapper club Canvas and Doka. You can have a taste of the many different cuisines around. Portugese, Australian, Flemish, South-African, Mediterranean, Spanish tapas or wood fired pizza's are just a few of many and all in walking distance","Both Amsterdam Amstel train station and Wibautstraat metro station are just around the corner. From Central station the metro is just 4 stops. All the lines go through here, so just pick any one you like : ) There is an option to park your car in the vicinity at a daily rate of € 36,-  Cheaper option is to park at P+R location Amsterdam Arena, where you can buy a public transport ticket to Wibautstraat metro station",We live in a quiet neighborhood and like to maintain that culture.  No loud noise after 10pm. No smoking inside the studio. Use of the bicycles is at own risk
