This authentic cosy studio is part of a charming 17th century canal house in the heart of Amsterdam! It also has an own entrance on the lowest floor. We live in the other part of the house and are  available to help or inform you.,"The studio offers all you need for a comfortable stay and is situated on the widest canal in Amsterdam. It is part of the house above but also has an own entrance. There is free WIFI, TV, DVD player and a washing machine. There is a private bathroom with shower and the toilet is seperate. The bedroom is situated in the back of the studio and seperated from the livingroom by a cabinet and curtain. The second double bed (sleeping couch) is in the living room. There is also an extra foldable 1 person bed. On request a bed for a baby/young child and a high chair and lego are available. Please Note: there is a dryer on a seperate floor, which can be used for free (if for a couple of times) There is a large dvd collection available that you are free to use. Bed linen and towels are included. No smoking inside the house. The house is located in a residential area, so please consider the neighbours. The location is really unique in a quiet area of the Nieuwmarkt/Lastage. There are numerous gre","This authentic cosy studio is part of a charming 17th century canal house in the heart of Amsterdam! It also has an own entrance on the lowest floor. We live in the other part of the house and are  available to help or inform you. The studio offers all you need for a comfortable stay and is situated on the widest canal in Amsterdam. It is part of the house above but also has an own entrance. There is free WIFI, TV, DVD player and a washing machine. There is a private bathroom with shower and the toilet is seperate. The bedroom is situated in the back of the studio and seperated from the livingroom by a cabinet and curtain. The second double bed (sleeping couch) is in the living room. There is also an extra foldable 1 person bed. On request a bed for a baby/young child and a high chair and lego are available. Please Note: there is a dryer on a seperate floor, which can be used for free (if for a couple of times) There is a large dvd collection available that you are free to use. Bed lin","Within walking distance: - Central station and Public transports (bus/ metro/ tram)- City Tours Canal Boat and Bus- Dam square and Royal Palace - Nieuwmarkt Portal- Lots of bars, cafes and restaurants - Red light district - Flowermarket - Shopping area: Kalverstraat, 'negen straatjes' - Madame Toussauds  Within walking distance (10 minutes or less): - Waterloo flea market- Unesco World heritage canals - Anne Frank House- Rembrandt House- Museum square (Van Gogh Museum/ Rijksmuseum)","The Nearest Car Parking of Amsterdam City Center is: Parking Center Oosterdok You pay 20,-euros for 24 hours. Instead of  5,- euro's per hour if you park on the streets.",Please make no noise after 22:00 No smoking in the house.
