"Entire unit for yourselves (including kitchen and bathroom), 3min walk to Heineken Experience and Albert Kuip open market, 10 minutes from museum area (Van Gogh, Art and National Museum), 15min to Leidseplein entertaining area, 30min from the airport.","the 'nest' is in a 100+ year old house that despite haste renovation retained its wooden floors and some rustic charm.  Quite - you are in the middle of non-truistic bars and restaurant area but windows face an interior courtyard with a well maintained garden hence, it is quite as in a park. As in many other apartments in de Pijp the bathroom is small and does not have a sink; the sink is in the kitchen.","Entire unit for yourselves (including kitchen and bathroom), 3min walk to Heineken Experience and Albert Kuip open market, 10 minutes from museum area (Van Gogh, Art and National Museum), 15min to Leidseplein entertaining area, 30min from the airport. the 'nest' is in a 100+ year old house that despite haste renovation retained its wooden floors and some rustic charm.  Quite - you are in the middle of non-truistic bars and restaurant area but windows face an interior courtyard with a well maintained garden hence, it is quite as in a park. As in many other apartments in de Pijp the bathroom is small and does not have a sink; the sink is in the kitchen. Entire unit for yourselves (including kitchen and bathroom), access to stove, microwave/electric oven, sound system (bring your own device though), coffee, tea, etc. Most likely we meet up to give you the key then let you enjoy the city.  If you have time we can meet up and have a coffee.  If I can not come to pick up the keys  you can sl","de Pijp the area is like The Village in NY, vibrant and vivid night and day yet, peaceful and safe. There are all kind of shops, famous restaurants and bars, coffee shops, boutiques, studios where you can learn to make stain glass or china, backers, name it ... all on a radius of 10-15min walk distance.",Tram 24 comes every 5 min and bring you to the Central Station where you can take a direct train to the airport. On the way you will pass the Flower Market and de Dam (central square of Amsterdam). You can also walk 9 min and catch bus 197 direct to the airport.,
