"Charming house on the waterfront overlooking a beautiful park. If you want to visit the city, and relax just outside the center, this is the perfect place. The house is part of a lovely community with a very good connection to the center. I only accept friends or couples older than 25 years old.","A lovely light apartment just outside the centre of Amsterdam. Great public transportation services, within 15 minutes in the heart of town.  My apartment is part of great living community. We have shared facilities such as a theatre, a restaurant, a workshop, a greenhouse, etc. etc. The whole complex is only ten steps from the lake. We have our own harbor, the area is great for watersports. I overlook a huge park, the whole island is new with outrageous architecture. For more pictures about the surroundings, have a look at the house of my neighbour Daniel. (URL HIDDEN) I have two friendly cats that will keep you company.  Please contact me for further information, regards, Mac Thiadens.","A lovely light apartment just outside the centre of Amsterdam. Great public transportation services, within 15 minutes in the heart of town.  My apartment is part of great living community. We have shared facilities such as a theatre, a restaurant, a workshop, a greenhouse, etc. etc. The whole complex is only ten steps from the lake. We have our own harbor, the area is great for watersports. I overlook a huge park, the whole island is new with outrageous architecture. For more pictures about the surroundings, have a look at the house of my neighbour Daniel. (URL HIDDEN) I have two friendly cats that will keep you company.  Please contact me for further information, regards, Mac Thiadens. I have 2 nice cats. They live here and stay at home during your stay here. So you will have to feed them and make friends with them...",,If I know that you come by car I often can arrange a parking place in the cellar of the building.,"I think it's clear what we expect from each other. I provide you with a lovely apartment, you treat it as if it were your own."
