"Our home has best of both worlds, being located in child friendly neighbourhood in upcoming Amsterdam North, whilst close to the city centre. Our area is very popular as it feels like an international village within a vibrant city, located in the 7th most hip neighbourhoods of the World; Amsterdam North. It is up to you to mingle downtown, stay in Amsterdam North or explore Holland.","A well isolated house with two double beds, two single beds and two baby beds. No airco needed.","Our home has best of both worlds, being located in child friendly neighbourhood in upcoming Amsterdam North, whilst close to the city centre. Our area is very popular as it feels like an international village within a vibrant city, located in the 7th most hip neighbourhoods of the World; Amsterdam North. It is up to you to mingle downtown, stay in Amsterdam North or explore Holland. A well isolated house with two double beds, two single beds and two baby beds. No airco needed. All the rooms and garden (until 11pm). We are available by phone You have the city, nature and creative energy of North at your fingertips. And the meadows of Waterland are even closer: 200 meters the opposite direction. It feels you go back in time with the most typical Dutch meadow/waterways/villages/lakes you can imagine.   Yet, our area is very family friendly, safe, and feels like an international village with plenty of children playing outside. That is why we prefer to rent it out to a family.   Their are m","You have the city, nature and creative energy of North at your fingertips. And the meadows of Waterland are even closer: 200 meters the opposite direction. It feels you go back in time with the most typical Dutch meadow/waterways/villages/lakes you can imagine.   Yet, our area is very family friendly, safe, and feels like an international village with plenty of children playing outside. That is why we prefer to rent it out to a family.   Their are many places to play (out & indoors) or to swim nearby, like at the swimming pool with indoor and outdoor pools (only 5' bike ride) away or the free pool (also 5 minutes away). Or the petty farm next to the windmill (500m away). Another thing we love are  the many Museums in and around Amsterdam that are great for kids of all ages.  Or go on a trip to the Pampus Island and the (Email hidden by Airbnb) bine a walk in the woods with an nice outdoor pool and finish it with eating a pancake near the residential palace of our former Queen. Plenty t",Free parking in front of our house. You can aslo take the underground that crosses the city from North to South (through the centre). It opens in July’18 (until then several buse lines). It stops 5 minutes away (on foot)  from our house. Only 2 stops away from Amsterdam Central Station.   You can use our cargo bike and our other bikes (there are more bikes than family members at our place ;P.) We bike in 20 minutes to Central Station (including the free ferry that runs 24/7). A nice ride along the river without any traffic lights.,
