"My cosy house in the Jordaan is one of the oldest in Amsterdam, but has all the features of a modern place. It's in the Jordaan district, with lots of bars, small boutique shops and restaurants around, around the corner of the famous 9 streets.","A nice charming living room with open kitchen at the 3rd floor. One floor below is the bedroom with double bed, and entry to the bathroom.   It's build in 1650, but has all the amenities of a modern place: Central heating, wifi, large screen TV, and so on. I live here myself and only rent out the place while traveling.","My cosy house in the Jordaan is one of the oldest in Amsterdam, but has all the features of a modern place. It's in the Jordaan district, with lots of bars, small boutique shops and restaurants around, around the corner of the famous 9 streets. A nice charming living room with open kitchen at the 3rd floor. One floor below is the bedroom with double bed, and entry to the bathroom.   It's build in 1650, but has all the amenities of a modern place: Central heating, wifi, large screen TV, and so on. I live here myself and only rent out the place while traveling. You'll have the whole place to yourself. I'm not living there: a friend of mine will give you keys, and then she leaves. I'm traveling abroad, but a friend will get you the keys and show you the place. My house is in the nicest area of Amsterdam: in the so called 9 street district. (My street is actually the 10th street.) The area has lots of bars, restaurants and boutique shops. The Anne Frank House is right around the corner, as","My house is in the nicest area of Amsterdam: in the so called 9 street district. (My street is actually the 10th street.) The area has lots of bars, restaurants and boutique shops. The Anne Frank House is right around the corner, as is the Westermarkt. Dam square is a 10 minute walk.  The place is in the centre area of Amsterdam so it's the right starting place for visiting the other highlights of Amsterdam.","There are a lot of trams in this area, however you also should walk a few minutes as these trams are not allowed to enter my street :) But ofcourse the best way to get around Amsterdam is by bike!",Not criminal or violently. No smoking inside. For the rest: be my guest.
