"Live like a local in the most vibrant area of Amsterdam: Amsterdam East. You will find yourself just outside the crowded, touristy area. The apartment is located in a green, quiet street. Lots of bars, restaurants, shops and a daily market are just around the corner and after a long day in the city you can chill out in the park, which is just a 1-minute walk away. The city centre is a 5 min bike ride, and you'll have access to public transport (train, tram, bus) at both ends of the street.","The center of the apartment is the spacious living room, finely decorated and full of natural light thanks to the three large windows. It gives access to a small balcony that fits two for breakfast, lunch or a late-night drink.","Live like a local in the most vibrant area of Amsterdam: Amsterdam East. You will find yourself just outside the crowded, touristy area. The apartment is located in a green, quiet street. Lots of bars, restaurants, shops and a daily market are just around the corner and after a long day in the city you can chill out in the park, which is just a 1-minute walk away. The city centre is a 5 min bike ride, and you'll have access to public transport (train, tram, bus) at both ends of the street. The center of the apartment is the spacious living room, finely decorated and full of natural light thanks to the three large windows. It gives access to a small balcony that fits two for breakfast, lunch or a late-night drink. The entire apartment will be yours to enjoy. It has a fully equipped kitchen if you prefer to have dinner at home. The apartment is located in the Domselaerstraat, built in the late 19th century. The neighbourhood is called the Dapperbuurt and is known for its vibrant atmosphe","The apartment is located in the Domselaerstraat, built in the late 19th century. The neighbourhood is called the Dapperbuurt and is known for its vibrant atmosphere. If you head further east, you will enter the up-and-coming Indische Buurt. Towards the city center you will find the largest and oldest zoo of Amsterdam, Artis, located in the beautiful Plantagebuurt.","There is a direct train running from Schiphol airport to Muiderpoort station which takes about 30 min. Its only a 5 minute walk from the train station to the apartment. Also, busses and trams to all areas in Amsterdam leave around the corner.",Be kind and respectful to our neighbours :)
