"Welcome to my home! I've lived here for quite some years now and I absolutely love it. It's spacious, it has high ceilings and a huge garden, which is really rare in a city like Amsterdam. You get why I don't ever want to leave... ;-) I just renovated the place, so everything is new and it's just the way I like it. Please make sure you make yourself at home, in this wonderful neighborhood with everything nearby. You'll love it too, I'm sure!","My lovely apt is not in the center but so close that you can walk it, easily. Right next to the park and located a romantic and quiet neighborhood. I have everything you need for a great stay: easy coffee in the morning, healthy vitamins with the professional juicer and plenty of equipment to cook with. Towels are included and cleaning anything would be a waste of your holiday, allow me! My place is right next to the main park and is only a 2 min walk. There is a nice market nearby and lots of nice shops/cafes/bars to buy your fresh foods and drinks. The public transportation is great and just around the corner! Tram 1 will take you to the city center within 10 min and to the nearest train station also in 10 min! The airport is only 20 minutes away by public transportation or car.","Welcome to my home! I've lived here for quite some years now and I absolutely love it. It's spacious, it has high ceilings and a huge garden, which is really rare in a city like Amsterdam. You get why I don't ever want to leave... ;-) I just renovated the place, so everything is new and it's just the way I like it. Please make sure you make yourself at home, in this wonderful neighborhood with everything nearby. You'll love it too, I'm sure! My lovely apt is not in the center but so close that you can walk it, easily. Right next to the park and located a romantic and quiet neighborhood. I have everything you need for a great stay: easy coffee in the morning, healthy vitamins with the professional juicer and plenty of equipment to cook with. Towels are included and cleaning anything would be a waste of your holiday, allow me! My place is right next to the main park and is only a 2 min walk. There is a nice market nearby and lots of nice shops/cafes/bars to buy your fresh foods and drink","The neighborhood is quiet, yet very lively with lots of nice bars, restaurants, cafes and shops close by. Your an inch away from Vondelpark, which is one of the best places to be in the summer. Everything is within walking distance and there's also great public transportation that will take you anywhere you want to go.",Tram 1 will take you to the city center within 10 min and to the nearest train station also in 10 min! The airport is only 20 minutes away by public transportation or car.,"GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
