"In one of Amsterdam’s most happening districts within cycling distance from the city’s famous attractions, this charming 1(2) bedroom house is a perfect base for your city trip to Amsterdam.","In one of Amsterdam’s most happening districts within cycling distance from the city’s famous attractions, this charming 1(2) bedroom house is a perfect base for your city trip to Amsterdam. This charming 1(2) bedroom house is on ground floor level. It has a spacious living, modern bathroom with toilet / hot-cold shower, gas heating throughout all rooms, 1 bedroom with a twin bed and a second bedroom which could be set-up with an additional single bed if required (Currently not available in the house). In the back of the house is a spacious 35m2 terrace/yard (unique in Amsterdam) from which you can enjoy the sun and the relaxing evenings from where you can relax and review your impressions of your day in Amsterdam. The house has many classic elements, which gives this typical mid-20th century feeling.  This house is located in the Rivierenbuurt (Amsterdam South/centre) and within walking distance from the Amsterdam Rai convention centre and easy to reach by car from all major highways ","In one of Amsterdam’s most happening districts within cycling distance from the city’s famous attractions, this charming 1(2) bedroom house is a perfect base for your city trip to Amsterdam. In one of Amsterdam’s most happening districts within cycling distance from the city’s famous attractions, this charming 1(2) bedroom house is a perfect base for your city trip to Amsterdam. This charming 1(2) bedroom house is on ground floor level. It has a spacious living, modern bathroom with toilet / hot-cold shower, gas heating throughout all rooms, 1 bedroom with a twin bed and a second bedroom which could be set-up with an additional single bed if required (Currently not available in the house). In the back of the house is a spacious 35m2 terrace/yard (unique in Amsterdam) from which you can enjoy the sun and the relaxing evenings from where you can relax and review your impressions of your day in Amsterdam. The house has many classic elements, which gives this typical mid-20th century feeli","This house is located in the Rivierenbuurt (Amsterdam South/centre) and within walking distance from the Amsterdam Rai convention centre and easy to reach by car from all major highways (A10) and within less then 15 minutes from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Amsterdam’s major attractions such as the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Albert Cuyp market and the main shopping district are all within 10 minutes cycling distance, the best way to discover Holland’s capital.","Although the area is a quit residential living quarter of the city, supermarkets, café’s, bars are right around the corner. Amsterdam’s exciting nightlife is within less then 10-15 minutes cycling distance from the house in case you wish to discover.   Public transport across the area is reliable, convenient and could easily take you to all of Amsterdam’s happening districts. ",You are kindly requested to leave the house clean when you leave.
