"Our cosy typical Dutch dike house has 3 levels. Below dike level there is the comfortable kitchen with kitchentable facing the spacious garden.  The kitchen includes: oven, dishwasser, nespresso machine, Smeg Fridge. In the kitchen is also a washing machine and a dryer. The living room on the middle floor, has a couch, sofa and piano. On both sides big windows with a great view. On the upper floor there are two bedrooms and a bathroom with shower. Big garden (2 kayaks, 1 boat and trampoline)","De Schellingwouderdijk is one of the most characteristic streets of Amsterdam.  It’s a typical smalltown neighbourhood, with a quiet and green surrounding, it’s like a hidden gem.  You have the impression of living in a old dutch village within the city ring, with all great famous museums, boutique stores and great restaurants & cafes easy to reach. This northern part of Amsterdam brings you the perfect blend of quitness and the vibe of the city.   Our very typical Dutch style dikehouse, small and cosy, has 3 levels. The house is suitable for 4 persons (2 adults and 2 childs suits best), great for families with 1 or 2 kids.   Below dike-level there is the comfortable kitchen with an expanding round table facing the spacious and private garden (140m2).  The house includes a fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher, oven, Nespresso machine, juicer, water cooker etc. In the back kitchen there’s the washingmachine and the tumble dryer.  Also you’ll find on this floor the second toilet.  On st","Our cosy typical Dutch dike house has 3 levels. Below dike level there is the comfortable kitchen with kitchentable facing the spacious garden.  The kitchen includes: oven, dishwasser, nespresso machine, Smeg Fridge. In the kitchen is also a washing machine and a dryer. The living room on the middle floor, has a couch, sofa and piano. On both sides big windows with a great view. On the upper floor there are two bedrooms and a bathroom with shower. Big garden (2 kayaks, 1 boat and trampoline) De Schellingwouderdijk is one of the most characteristic streets of Amsterdam.  It’s a typical smalltown neighbourhood, with a quiet and green surrounding, it’s like a hidden gem.  You have the impression of living in a old dutch village within the city ring, with all great famous museums, boutique stores and great restaurants & cafes easy to reach. This northern part of Amsterdam brings you the perfect blend of quitness and the vibe of the city.   Our very typical Dutch style dikehouse, small and ","Discover Amsterdam-Noord (Amsterdam North). Noord is not only spacious and green, but also inspiring and vibrant:   At he banks at the North side of the IJ (ten minutes ride) you will find one of the most hipster neighbourhoods in the world. Previously disused warehouses host creative start-ups, festivals, restaurants and, once a month, mega flea market.   On the other hand Amsterdam Noord has picturesque country villages. The historical polder landscape is on cycling distance. You can visit towns like Volendam, Edam, Monnickendam and the historical village of Broek in Waterland.  By car you can easily visit “Edam” or “Monnickendam” on the banks of the “IJsselmeer” or visit the “Zaanse Schans” with its historical windmills. And at the several beautiful lakes it’s possible to swim or sail.   And Amsterdam Noord has stylish restaurants on the water (visited regurarly by Amsterdammers). For example we have Landmarkt (with terrace), Restaurant Stork (with an amazing terrace), Hotel de Goud","Public transportation to the centre is found nearby, 7 min. walk and by bus it takes 10 minutes to get to Central Station. We have free parking in front of the house and good acces to the main highway. Schiphol Airport is just 20 minutes away by car and it takes 30 to 45 minutes with public transport (train, bus).",No pets  No smoking inside
