I am renting out my apartment in Amsterdam center. Amazing location in neighborhood 'Jordaan' (close by Ana Frank house). Super center and yet very quiet. A cozy and modern furnished apartment (50 sqm) located on the second floor of a renovated building.  Perfect for singles\couples.,"A cozy living room with comfortable lounge sofa next to window viewing the quiet street, a 32 inch plasma TV connected to Chromcast and external speakers. - Next to the Living room, a brand new modern open space kitchen (with built in dishwasher/oven/refrigerator) and a modern dinner table.  - On the back, a separate spacious bedroom with double bed king size 200*160, big mirror, big closet and a desk/Workspace with wide screen. - A bathroom with a bathtub (in great condition, almost as new).  - Separate brand new modern toilet. - Strong WIFI all over the apartment! Please note:  NO SMOKERS.","I am renting out my apartment in Amsterdam center. Amazing location in neighborhood 'Jordaan' (close by Ana Frank house). Super center and yet very quiet. A cozy and modern furnished apartment (50 sqm) located on the second floor of a renovated building.  Perfect for singles\couples. A cozy living room with comfortable lounge sofa next to window viewing the quiet street, a 32 inch plasma TV connected to Chromcast and external speakers. - Next to the Living room, a brand new modern open space kitchen (with built in dishwasher/oven/refrigerator) and a modern dinner table.  - On the back, a separate spacious bedroom with double bed king size 200*160, big mirror, big closet and a desk/Workspace with wide screen. - A bathroom with a bathtub (in great condition, almost as new).  - Separate brand new modern toilet. - Strong WIFI all over the apartment! Please note:  NO SMOKERS. The whole apartment Text, phone amd email The apartment located in the heart of the center of Amsterdam on the charm","The apartment located in the heart of the center of Amsterdam on the charming and quiet neighborhood 'Jordaan', within 5 minutes walking to Anna Frank museum. It is 2 minutes walking to the beautiful and famous 'Princengracht' canal. Public transportation is just next to Anna Frank museum ('Westermrkt' station) with a good connection everywhere in Amsterdam. Super market located opposite to the 'Westermrkt' station.  For the Yoga's fans, 2 big Yoga centers around the corner",,"Sorry, no smokers"
