"Lovely dyke house with great garden, for up to four guests, located in Amsterdam North. Offering a peaceful retreat from the city’s hustle and bustle, this house is perfect for a family or two couples. Only 15 minutes from city centre by bus or bike!","This beautiful 145m2 dyke house, build 135 years ago combines its serene and scenic location with an unique, appealing interior. As you enter the living area, you will be greeted with a warm, homely feel, beautiful stained glass windows, wooden floors and authentic ceiling beams.  The spacious kitchen provides a large table for enjoying home cooked meals together, which can be prepared using the oven, grill, hob, fridge and freezer.  Patio doors lead out into the sunny garden, which backs onto a forest and makes a fantastic spot for absorbing the warm summer sunshine.  The bedroom at the most upper floor contains a double bed and a flatscreen TV.  An extra room houses a double sofa-bed. In the ettic you find 2 single beds. Be aware all the bedroom rooms have open ceilings so limited privacy! Two bathrooms add convenience, each fitted out with a toilet, washbasin and shower, with a relaxing bathtub also available. Blending easy access to the city with picturesque surroundings, the apart","Lovely dyke house with great garden, for up to four guests, located in Amsterdam North. Offering a peaceful retreat from the city’s hustle and bustle, this house is perfect for a family or two couples. Only 15 minutes from city centre by bus or bike! This beautiful 145m2 dyke house, build 135 years ago combines its serene and scenic location with an unique, appealing interior. As you enter the living area, you will be greeted with a warm, homely feel, beautiful stained glass windows, wooden floors and authentic ceiling beams.  The spacious kitchen provides a large table for enjoying home cooked meals together, which can be prepared using the oven, grill, hob, fridge and freezer.  Patio doors lead out into the sunny garden, which backs onto a forest and makes a fantastic spot for absorbing the warm summer sunshine.  The bedroom at the most upper floor contains a double bed and a flatscreen TV.  An extra room houses a double sofa-bed. In the ettic you find 2 single beds. Be aware all the","Situated north of the IJ River, the apartment encourages you to explore authentic Dutch life unspoilt by the tourist crowds. Safe and peaceful, the surrounding area is home to two beautiful natural highlights adored by the local community, the Florapark and the Vliegenbos. The latter has existed for over 100 years as a charming city forest, highly recommended for a leisurely stroll or picnic. Several cafes and stores can be found within easy reach and the impressive EYE Film Theatre and Museum is accessible by bike in less than ten minutes. Discovering Amsterdam’s historic core, home to such famous highlights as Dam Square, the Red Light District and the Canal Belt, is simple. The nearby bus link allows access to Central Station in just twelve minutes, although a brief bike ride to the water’s edge provides an alternative method, with a series of ferries departing across the IJ free of charge on a regular basis.","Easy to reach by car, public transport and bicycle. There is a free parking lot right in front of the house. For pedestrians and bicyclists, there is a ferry departing from Amsterdam Central Station that reaches the house in less than 5 minutes. The ferry is free and runs 24 hours a day. Schiphol airport is less than 20 minutes away by train which makes this a great location for travelers wanting to stay close to the city center. 5-minute with the ferry and a 10 minute walk: Central Station, Lovers boating company, Mac Bike Rental.  5- minute with the ferry and a 10-minute walk: Dam square, Anne Frank House, Beurs van Berlage, Bijenkorf Department store, Mademe Tussaud, The Red light district","- Our home is only suited for families, couples and business trips. - Please respect the house and the neighbourhood: quiet time after 8 pm. - We charge €30 for late check ins after 9.00 PM. - Let us know your estimated time of arrival ánd departure as soon as possible. - No smoking inside  - No loud music	 - No parties - No drugs - No guests In case of breaking one of the rules you will be charged with a penalty of €200 per broken rule."
