"Our romantic, authentic houseboat built in 1900 used to carry bulk goods throughout Holland. She now sits on a sunny and quiet canal in the heart of Amsterdam. Close to Anne Frank house, Jordaan, historic canals, and lovely boutiques, cafes and restaurants, but away enough for peace and quiet after a day out.  We provide organic milk, coffee, cookies and teas and we recycle. The ship's energy is powered mostly by a windmill of which we are part owners. The b&b is located on a part of our ship.","Your space is in a private part of our houseboat, with private entrance and access to our private pier (shared with our neighbours). This B&B portion of our ship is located closest to the quay and is separate from the main cabin (where we live). It features central heating, operable windows, 3 rooms, each on its own level; the Wheel House with views out onto the water, the Captain's Room, and sweet cosy bedroom with a comfortable two-person bed. Do be aware that the ceiling height is comfortable for those with a maximum height of 6ft 2 inches tall. You may have to duck your head in places! The newly built bathroom features a natural stone sink, and the shower has a porthole window with a great view of the canal. Towels, extra blankets hairdryer, shampoo and bath gel are all provided! Our charming and cosy houseboat is an authentic Haagenaar ship built in 1900, originally used to carry salt throughout Holland and Europe.  It now sits on a picturesque, sunny and quiet canal in the center","Our romantic, authentic houseboat built in 1900 used to carry bulk goods throughout Holland. She now sits on a sunny and quiet canal in the heart of Amsterdam. Close to Anne Frank house, Jordaan, historic canals, and lovely boutiques, cafes and restaurants, but away enough for peace and quiet after a day out.  We provide organic milk, coffee, cookies and teas and we recycle. The ship's energy is powered mostly by a windmill of which we are part owners. The b&b is located on a part of our ship. Your space is in a private part of our houseboat, with private entrance and access to our private pier (shared with our neighbours). This B&B portion of our ship is located closest to the quay and is separate from the main cabin (where we live). It features central heating, operable windows, 3 rooms, each on its own level; the Wheel House with views out onto the water, the Captain's Room, and sweet cosy bedroom with a comfortable two-person bed. Do be aware that the ceiling height is comfortable ","Our nieghbourhood is a a stone's throw away from the best farmers markets, shops, bars and restaurants, but here it is quiet and relaxing and mostly residential. A great mix of new and historic, artists and creatives and even a brew pup just a few houses down.","To Amsterdam Bed & Boat Westerdok 61, Amsterdam UBER: We suggest that instead of taking a TAXI, to take Uber instead. This way you won't get overcharged or dropped off in the wrong place! Our address is Westerdok 61 but we are across from apartment #714 (sometimes Uber can't find our exact whereabouts because we are a boat) If you do decide to take a TAXI, make sure you get one outside at the taxi stand and agree to a price before getting in. It should not cost any more than €40. From Amsterdam Schiphol Airport by Train: This is the link to the NS website with instructions: (URL HIDDEN) After clearing customs at Schiphol Airport, you will follow the signs to the train terminal area above ground. You will find yellow ticket dispensers where you can buy your train tickets to Amsterdam Centraal Station. Just press English and follow instructions. The machines do not accept credit card, only Pin (I believe). Some do accept Euros, bills and coins. Once you get to Amsterdam Centraal Station,","We are pretty relaxed people, so our rules are basically as follow: No smoking (anything) inside the boat. Outside is ok, ashtrays will be provided, just ask. No use of drugs while staying on the boat. Please do not invite strangers onto the boat. We also do not allow parties onboard during your stay.   Please feel free to sit outside on the pier area closest to the quay, it’s a common area we also share with our neighbours. You may sit up on the roof of the Captain's Room, but please do not sit on the roof of the Steering Hut or the Ship itself.   When you check out, so let us know if anything was damaged or broken and also if you have any suggestions as we are always looking for ways to make your experience here even better!   Check out is at 11.00 AM unless otherwise arranged."
