"Apartment in one of Amsterdam's most dazzling areas: De Pijp. It's a shared apartment. My own bedroom is on the top floor, outside the apartment. The private room for my guests is located in the apartment.  The apartment contains a  light living-room with balcony on southern side (if Dutch weather permits sun the entire day!). Fully equipped kitchen and (tiny) bathroom. Restaurants, bars and famous Albert Cuyp market and museum quarter just around the corner. Definitely traveler's paradise!","Beautifully located apartment in the dazzling ""De Pijp"" area. The master bedroom is on the street sight with small French balcony to drink your morning coffee while watching the Dutch neighbours go to work on their bikes. All windows contain typical Dutch stained glass (""glas-in-lood""). The spacious and light living room adjacent to an all-day sunny (if weather permits of course!) balcony is yours to use as well. No nonsense Dutch kitchen with all necessities. Cozy bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Shampoo, towels and toilet-paper are all there for you. My own room is on the attic, outside the actual apartment. When my guests are around I only enter the apartment for the bathroom and kitchen.","Apartment in one of Amsterdam's most dazzling areas: De Pijp. It's a shared apartment. My own bedroom is on the top floor, outside the apartment. The private room for my guests is located in the apartment.  The apartment contains a  light living-room with balcony on southern side (if Dutch weather permits sun the entire day!). Fully equipped kitchen and (tiny) bathroom. Restaurants, bars and famous Albert Cuyp market and museum quarter just around the corner. Definitely traveler's paradise! Beautifully located apartment in the dazzling ""De Pijp"" area. The master bedroom is on the street sight with small French balcony to drink your morning coffee while watching the Dutch neighbours go to work on their bikes. All windows contain typical Dutch stained glass (""glas-in-lood""). The spacious and light living room adjacent to an all-day sunny (if weather permits of course!) balcony is yours to use as well. No nonsense Dutch kitchen with all necessities. Cozy bathroom with shower, toilet and s","The Pijp area is a great place for young and less-young ;) Right at the corner of the apt you can find a dozen lunch-rooms and restaurants, a supermarket, bakeries and shops. The street itself is quiet which provides you with a good night's rest! On a 5 minute walk you will find one of my favourite Amsterdam parks: Sarphatipark with a little lake, bridge , fountain, playground for the little ones and a sports area. Furthermore, the apt is only 2 blocks away from the famous Albert Cuyp streetmarket, the Heineken brewery and a 15 min walk to the museum area (a.o. Rijksmuseum)","How to get here and around? Easy! Trams 3, 12, 16 and 24 all stop in the neighbourhood. Trainstations RAI and Amstel are both a short tramride (or 20-30 min walk) away.",Please treat my cute apartment as you would your own. Don't smoke inside and be as quiet as you can in the stairway for my neighbours' little children!
