The flat is centrally located in the heart of the famous canal area of Amsterdam.,"About the location: The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Vondelpark are only a 4 minute walk. Both the Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein are within a 5 minute walking distance. Nearby is the lovely local shopping street, Utrechtsestraat, full of nice small design shops and nice little restaurants. The Heineken brewery will take you only 5 minutes to walk. If you need any advice for local hotspots, where to eat or anything else I will be happy to give you some insider tips! Although almost all of the main attractions are within a walking distance, several trams (tram 1, tram 2, tram 5, tram 7, tram 10, tram 16 or tram 24) stop nearby (5 minute walk).  Most of these trams also go directly to Amsterdam Central Station. Also there is a direct bus from Schiphol Airport (bus 197). About the apartment: The apartment has one bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and a living room with kitchen (with dishwasher + nespresso machine). There is also a storage room to stock suitcases etc. Need a moment","The flat is centrally located in the heart of the famous canal area of Amsterdam. About the location: The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Vondelpark are only a 4 minute walk. Both the Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein are within a 5 minute walking distance. Nearby is the lovely local shopping street, Utrechtsestraat, full of nice small design shops and nice little restaurants. The Heineken brewery will take you only 5 minutes to walk. If you need any advice for local hotspots, where to eat or anything else I will be happy to give you some insider tips! Although almost all of the main attractions are within a walking distance, several trams (tram 1, tram 2, tram 5, tram 7, tram 10, tram 16 or tram 24) stop nearby (5 minute walk).  Most of these trams also go directly to Amsterdam Central Station. Also there is a direct bus from Schiphol Airport (bus 197). About the apartment: The apartment has one bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and a living room with kitchen (with dishwasher + nesp",,,
