"Cosy, comfortable apartment right opposite the Westerpark and the Westergasfabriek, less than a ten-minute walk away from the famous Jordaan area and the city centre. The Westergasfabriek is a renovated gasfactory and now the area is booming and offers lots of culture, events, eating, drinking, dancing and shopping.","The apartment has one bedroom, overlooking the water, with a double bed. In the living room there is also a sofa that pulls out either into a great lounge chair or into another very comfortable queen-size bed.  There is a fully equiped open kitchen ( with dishwasher, microwave & oven, blender, foodprocessor, etc) a balcony at the back and a french balcony at the front. The apartment is my private residence that I sometimes let on airbnb for short stay. It is not a holiday apartment.","Cosy, comfortable apartment right opposite the Westerpark and the Westergasfabriek, less than a ten-minute walk away from the famous Jordaan area and the city centre. The Westergasfabriek is a renovated gasfactory and now the area is booming and offers lots of culture, events, eating, drinking, dancing and shopping. The apartment has one bedroom, overlooking the water, with a double bed. In the living room there is also a sofa that pulls out either into a great lounge chair or into another very comfortable queen-size bed.  There is a fully equiped open kitchen ( with dishwasher, microwave & oven, blender, foodprocessor, etc) a balcony at the back and a french balcony at the front. The apartment is my private residence that I sometimes let on airbnb for short stay. It is not a holiday apartment. There is wifi in the house. There are speakers for iPhone (4 and 5) or iPad so you can listen to your own music. You can use the washing machine and dryer.  Public transportation is only a few m",,,Please contact me in advance to let me know around what time you will be arriving so we can arrange for you to get the keys. And apartments in Amsterdam are quite noisy. Please respect the neighbors at all times!
