"Monumental, renovated apartment located in the Eastern part of the city center. From this safe and quiet area, you'll find yourself at the perfect distance from all there's to do in Amsterdam (see guidebook). Whether by bike,foot,tram,metro or train!",60 sq. m apartment on the 2nd floor on a corner. Easy to reach with Tram + Metro. A twin bed bedroom and a large living room. There's wireless internet and an airplay speaker in each room. Small balcony with easy to use gas BBQ (Weber). Cozy old house (built in 1896) with small balcony on the east. Lots of windows as its located on the corner. Wooden floor and high ceiling.,"Monumental, renovated apartment located in the Eastern part of the city center. From this safe and quiet area, you'll find yourself at the perfect distance from all there's to do in Amsterdam (see guidebook). Whether by bike,foot,tram,metro or train! 60 sq. m apartment on the 2nd floor on a corner. Easy to reach with Tram + Metro. A twin bed bedroom and a large living room. There's wireless internet and an airplay speaker in each room. Small balcony with easy to use gas BBQ (Weber). Cozy old house (built in 1896) with small balcony on the east. Lots of windows as its located on the corner. Wooden floor and high ceiling. Guests have access to the entire apartment. I'll lock some closet doors where I can store my belongings.  I won't be present in the apartment, so it will be all yours. Artis zoo is at the end of the street. In the same street there is a popular (mainly English spoken) cinema and nice restaurants and cafe's. Italian restaurant on the ground floor with small and sunny ter",Artis zoo is at the end of the street. In the same street there is a popular (mainly English spoken) cinema and nice restaurants and cafe's. Italian restaurant on the ground floor with small and sunny terrace. Around the corner there's a supermarket. University of Amsterdam is across the street. ,Easily accessible by tram & subway. Just two metro stops from central station (where trains go to/from airport). ,Please be considerate (music volume) of the neighbors as old houses are a bit more noisy. Throwing parties is absolutely not the idea I was having. Smoking on the balcony.
