"Our 35 m² studio with private entrance, private bathroom and a sunny balcony is ideally situated in the most lively neighbourhood 'De Pijp', near the center, the museum quarter, and the Albert Cuyp market! Comfortable, spacious for two persons and an extra double bed on the mezzanine.","This cosy and light studio is located in the heart of the Pijp, one of Amsterdam’s most vibrant and popular areas. It lies however at the garden side of the building where it is amazingly quiet. It is on the 4th floor (third level) of a nineteenth century building, accessible by typical Amsterdam stairs, which seem to be somewhat steep for ‘non-Amsterdammers’.","Our 35 m² studio with private entrance, private bathroom and a sunny balcony is ideally situated in the most lively neighbourhood 'De Pijp', near the center, the museum quarter, and the Albert Cuyp market! Comfortable, spacious for two persons and an extra double bed on the mezzanine. This cosy and light studio is located in the heart of the Pijp, one of Amsterdam’s most vibrant and popular areas. It lies however at the garden side of the building where it is amazingly quiet. It is on the 4th floor (third level) of a nineteenth century building, accessible by typical Amsterdam stairs, which seem to be somewhat steep for ‘non-Amsterdammers’. The studio has a double bed of 160x200 cm (and if necessary a matrass of the same size on the mezzanine) and a private bathroom with shower and toilet. In case of a baby we can provide an infant bed. There is a comfortable couch, and a dining table with four chairs. When the weather is nice (which is, unfortunately, not year round guaranteed in our ","Our lovely neighborhood the Pijp is known as a very authentic and bohemian place and well known for its vividness, though at the same time it feels like a little village inside the city. The area is brimming with coffee places, trendy bars, lovely restaurants, little shops and boutiques.  The museum quarter with the Rijks museum, the Van Gogh museum, the Stedelijk museum for Modern Art as well as the Royal Concert Hall is in walking distance. There is a direct public transport connection to the RAI conference centre. We live nearby the Sarphatipark and next to the Albert Cuyp market, the most famous day market (except on Sundays) in Amsterdam with every day fresh fish, vegetables and flowers. It will take about five minutes on foot to the historical city centre with the famous 17th century canals of Amsterdam and a 15-20 minutes walk to the very heart of the city center. But as you will notice riding a bike is the most natural way of transport in this city and you can rent a bike just ","You can easily take the tram 4 to Dam square and Central Station, and tram 7 or 10 to the Leidseplein. You will make it to the highway (A1, A2 and Ring A10) by car in just a couple of minutes.",
