"Very cosy and light 45m2 apartment in Amsterdam. The apartment has a nice wooden floor, a kitchen with all amenities (including a Nespresso machine and a dishwasher). The apartment is situated in the east side of Amsterdam: Indische Buurt. You'll be able to reach the city center by bike or tram within 10 minutes. ""Oost"" itself is a really nice place to walk around; supermarkets close by, Dappermarket, al lot of nice places to enjoy a coffee in the sun or to have dinner in the evening :)","Cosy apartment of 45m2 in a quiet street, just 10 minutes to the city center. Perfect for a couple! The apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay in Amsterdam.  This wooden-floor apartment has a living room, open kitchen, bathroom with washing machine and bedroom with one queensize bed. The kitchen has a dish washer, oven, fridge and everything else you need to cook a nice meal with.  The living room has a sofa, a chair and tv with dutch channels. There's a bluetooth sound system and wireless internet available. The 'office' area can also be used as a dining area:) The table can be moved more away from the wall and more chairs can be placed around the table so you can have a nice meal together at the table. But of course the bar in the kitchen is also lovely to eat at.","Very cosy and light 45m2 apartment in Amsterdam. The apartment has a nice wooden floor, a kitchen with all amenities (including a Nespresso machine and a dishwasher). The apartment is situated in the east side of Amsterdam: Indische Buurt. You'll be able to reach the city center by bike or tram within 10 minutes. ""Oost"" itself is a really nice place to walk around; supermarkets close by, Dappermarket, al lot of nice places to enjoy a coffee in the sun or to have dinner in the evening :) Cosy apartment of 45m2 in a quiet street, just 10 minutes to the city center. Perfect for a couple! The apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay in Amsterdam.  This wooden-floor apartment has a living room, open kitchen, bathroom with washing machine and bedroom with one queensize bed. The kitchen has a dish washer, oven, fridge and everything else you need to cook a nice meal with.  The living room has a sofa, a chair and tv with dutch channels. There's a bluetooth sound system and wireless","The 'Indische Buurt' is a small village in a big city with many cultural influences. Many nice bars and restaurants around, the supermarket and other shops are closeby. The Flevopark and Oosterpark are nice parks to walk around or to run. Both are 10 minutes walk. The city center is easy to reach by bike, tram or train (10-15 minutes).","Train and tram are a 5 minute walk and bring you everywhere you want, also to Amsterdam Central Station where you can take the train to other cities in Holland. From Muiderpoort Station you are at Amsterdam Central Station within 7 minutes. The best is to explore Amsterdam by bike!","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
