"This classy apartment is the perfect base from which to explore Amsterdam. It is a one minute walk to Vondelpark and the tramline to central Amsterdam is just two minutes away. Museumplein, with Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh museum, is nearby. There is a vast array of restaurants, cafes and shops in this sophisticated area. Ontdek Amsterdam vanuit mijn stijlvolle appartement, gelegen in Oud Zuid. Het Vondelpark en tram 2 richting centrum om de hoek. Musea en veelzijdige horeca binnen handbereik","Classic, hip and stylish with outstanding views of Amsterdam.  Klasse, hip en stijlvol.","This classy apartment is the perfect base from which to explore Amsterdam. It is a one minute walk to Vondelpark and the tramline to central Amsterdam is just two minutes away. Museumplein, with Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh museum, is nearby. There is a vast array of restaurants, cafes and shops in this sophisticated area. Ontdek Amsterdam vanuit mijn stijlvolle appartement, gelegen in Oud Zuid. Het Vondelpark en tram 2 richting centrum om de hoek. Musea en veelzijdige horeca binnen handbereik Classic, hip and stylish with outstanding views of Amsterdam.  Klasse, hip en stijlvol. Second floor apartment (no lift!) Open plan apartment  Bedroom with a double bed Bathroom with bath Front and back balconies Shared entrance with upstairs neighbours Appartement op 2e etage (geen lift!) Kamer en suite met keuken  Slaapkamer met 2 persoonsbed  Badkamer met ligbad Balkon voor en achter This is my home, but I will not be living here during your stay. I try to be available to greet new guests and ","You can brunch in any number of cafes and restaurants in the area, for example Joffers or Le Pain Quotidien in de Cornelis Schuytstaat, and Dignita on Koninginneweg. In the summertime I can recommend Vondeltuin or Blauwe Theehuis in Vondelpark.  To buy your own supplies, you can go to the supermarket ''Albert Hein'' on the other side of the street to the apartment. There is also a gorgeous food market, Zuidermarkt, every Saturday on the corner of Jacob Obrechtstraat and Johannes Verhulsstraat. Genoeg mogelijkheden om in de buurt te ontbijten of brunchen. Denk aan Joffers of Le Pain Quotidien in de Cornelis Schuytstaat, of Dignita aan de Koninginneweg. In de zomer kan ik je de Vondeltuin of het Blauwe Theehuis in het Vondelpark aanbevelen. Voor je boodschappen kan je aan de overkant van de straat terecht bij de supermarkt, AH. De Zuidermarkt is een geweldige food markt, iedere zaterdag op de hoek van de Jacob Obrechtstraat en de Johannes Verhulsstraat ((URL HIDDEN)","To take the number 2 tram into central Amsterdam, you need to go to the tramstop at Cornelis Schuytstraat. You can also easily rent a bike in the neighbourhood - information will be available about this in the apartment. Ubers are readily available in Amsterdam too. Schipol Airport is 20 minutes away by taxi.  Op de kruising van de Cornelis Schuytstraat en Willemsparkweg vind je de halte van tram 2, richting centrum en Centraal Station. Een fiets huren kan op meerdere plaatsen in de buurt. En een Uber is snel besteld. De afstand van Schiphol Airport naar mijn appartement is 20 minuten met de taxi.  Parkeren met je auto kan betaald voor de deur of bij een veel voordeliger P+R parkeergarage.",Binnen roken niet toegestaan Huisdeuren niet toegestaan
