"Our house is located in the 'Baarsjes' near the city Centre. Great place for a family (4 people). Lot's of toys available. Shops, nice restaurants and parks all within walking distance. With small, but sunny roof terrace.","Our house is on the 2nd and 3rd floor, about 100 m2. We have lots of toys available. 3 bedrooms ( 1 master bedroom (2 person bed) and 2 children bedrooms (singles beds, normal size, so also suitable for adults). Located in the popular neigbourhood the Baarsjes. Lots of facilities nearby. Three parks (Rembrandtpark, Erasmuspark and Vondelark) and several nice little restaurants and shops within walking distance. Museumdisctrict and Jordaan about 10 minutes by bike. City centre is 10 - 20 minutes., depending where you want to go in the centre. There is a tram stop nearby. Great place in a local area!","Our house is located in the 'Baarsjes' near the city Centre. Great place for a family (4 people). Lot's of toys available. Shops, nice restaurants and parks all within walking distance. With small, but sunny roof terrace. Our house is on the 2nd and 3rd floor, about 100 m2. We have lots of toys available. 3 bedrooms ( 1 master bedroom (2 person bed) and 2 children bedrooms (singles beds, normal size, so also suitable for adults). Located in the popular neigbourhood the Baarsjes. Lots of facilities nearby. Three parks (Rembrandtpark, Erasmuspark and Vondelark) and several nice little restaurants and shops within walking distance. Museumdisctrict and Jordaan about 10 minutes by bike. City centre is 10 - 20 minutes., depending where you want to go in the centre. There is a tram stop nearby. Great place in a local area! Free wifi, toys for children, bike rental around the corner. Sunny balcony and small roof terrace. Sheets and towels are provided. A host will be there to check you in and ","The Baarsjes is an upcoming multiculturial, artistic, and childfriendly neighboorhood in Amsterdam. Without the tourist but still quite close to the city centre. Only 10 minutes on your bike  to the main attractions. ",Public transport is very close and convenient.,"No smoking inside the house, no pets. Please respect our neighbours."
