"This quiet stylisch apartment is a fully furnished, 2-bedroom (second room available with baby cot too) apartment on the basement floor and has a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, bright living room, a very large garden and will meets all modern standards.","The apartment is ideal for couples with 1 or 2 little children , business travelers as well as for friends looking for the Amsterdam experience, without the hustle and bustle of the center. It lies in a quiet street with several cafes and restaurants just around the corner, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner available in the city.","This quiet stylisch apartment is a fully furnished, 2-bedroom (second room available with baby cot too) apartment on the basement floor and has a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, bright living room, a very large garden and will meets all modern standards. The apartment is ideal for couples with 1 or 2 little children , business travelers as well as for friends looking for the Amsterdam experience, without the hustle and bustle of the center. It lies in a quiet street with several cafes and restaurants just around the corner, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner available in the city. Area information:  This apartment is located just 2 steps away from the Vondelpark , 10 minutes to Leidseplein and the Museum District. Old south is a charming area to walk around and is home to great cafes, bars, shops and restaurants. Just a short distance from the apartment is the Museum Quarter home to several of the city’s largest museums including the Van Gogh Museum, ","Area information:  This apartment is located just 2 steps away from the Vondelpark , 10 minutes to Leidseplein and the Museum District. Old south is a charming area to walk around and is home to great cafes, bars, shops and restaurants. Just a short distance from the apartment is the Museum Quarter home to several of the city’s largest museums including the Van Gogh Museum, Rijks Museum and the Stedelijk Museum. The district is also home to the Concert Hall and numerous bars, cafes and restaurants. Vondel Park, the largest park in the city, isn’t far from the Museum District and is the perfect place to relax on a warm afternoon. Leidseplein is within walking distance and is one of Amsterdam’s nightlife hubs filled with bars, cafes, restaurants, nightclubs and life music venues. If you are a beer lover, why not visit the former Heineken Brewery, just a short distance from the apartment and although it no longer brews beer, you can take the tour and learn the history of the brewery and b","In walking distance you'll find public transport (tram 1 and 2) to go the city center, but you can also walk.",No smoking Respect the neighbours
