"ABOUT THE APARTMENT: 85 m2 apartment located in the center of Amsterdam. The beautiful canals and the Utrechtsestraat are just around the corner of the house!  1 (2persons bed) bedroom with airconditioning Towels & Clean Sheets Digital TV including sports channels (dutch eredivisie, premier league, la liga etc.) Both in the living room as in the bedroom. Apple TV Playstation 4 Netflix Fully Sonos equipped","85 m2 apartment located in the center of Amsterdam.  The beautiful canals are just around the corner of the house! You can walk about everything from this very central location. The museum district (van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk) is about a 15 min walk away. The 9 streets are about a 10 minute walk over the canals.  1 (2-persons bed) bedroom Towels & Clean Sheets  Equipped design kitchen (nespresso coffee),  50’ inch Flatscreen TV (Cable, Apple TV, Netflix + a Playstation 4) & WIFI  Manual + Tourist info book  Some food","ABOUT THE APARTMENT: 85 m2 apartment located in the center of Amsterdam. The beautiful canals and the Utrechtsestraat are just around the corner of the house!  1 (2persons bed) bedroom with airconditioning Towels & Clean Sheets Digital TV including sports channels (dutch eredivisie, premier league, la liga etc.) Both in the living room as in the bedroom. Apple TV Playstation 4 Netflix Fully Sonos equipped 85 m2 apartment located in the center of Amsterdam.  The beautiful canals are just around the corner of the house! You can walk about everything from this very central location. The museum district (van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk) is about a 15 min walk away. The 9 streets are about a 10 minute walk over the canals.  1 (2-persons bed) bedroom Towels & Clean Sheets  Equipped design kitchen (nespresso coffee),  50’ inch Flatscreen TV (Cable, Apple TV, Netflix + a Playstation 4) & WIFI  Manual + Tourist info book  Some food I can help you out with great tips as a local - Rent a bike is","- Rent a bike is around the corner by a few minutes walking and you can park your bike in front of the door. - 3 minutes walking to the nearest public transit witch can bring you anywhere. - Near by (2-10 minutes walking) coffeeshops, cafe's & bars, clubs, shopping streets. One of the city's most populair streets is just around the corner: de Utrechtsestraat.  Only 10-15 minutes away from the central station of Amsterdam with public transportation. You can walk to 1. Museum square 2. Leidseplein (Leidse square) 3. Damsquare, 4. Rembrandt square. it's all a 5 to10 minute walk. You can also look it up at (website hidden) maps to see where it all is. Put on some comfortable shoes and you can stroll your way through Amsterdam probably the best way to see the city. It's a very comfortable, nice and easy house I very much love. The location is perfect and The neighborhood is really good. The bakery and the closest coffeeshop is around the corner in a 2 minutes walk distance.",,
