"Quiet comfy room, free WiFi, coffee and tea facilities. Situated in the Canalzone between the historical centre and the popular neighborhood ""de Pijp"".  19th century Amsterdam Townhouse, which means steep stairs. Guest room is on the 3rd floor. NOTE: you need to carry your own luggage from and to your room on the 3rd floor! If you travel with a lot of luggage, you might want to leave what you don't need for your visit, in a locker at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport or at Amsterdam Central Station.","LOCATION Our 19th century house is located in a secluded, quiet street, in the popular ""Grachtengordel"" neighbourhood, right between the old center and the popular neighborhood "" de Pijp.  Musea and sites on walking distance. HOW TO REACH OUR HOUSE Our house is easy to reach by public transport from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in only 1 hour.. From Amsterdam Central station in 10 minutes. About a week before your arrival, we will send you detailed directions (very easy). YOUR ARRIVAL We personally welcome you and show you around in our house. We'll give you the key to our house and offer you a welcome drink. In your room you will find a lot of information about all there is to see and to do in Amsterdam. We can also give you personal advice, so you can get the most out of your stay in Amsterdam. HOW TO GO Public transport is just around the corner of our street. There are 4 tramlines to all directions of Amsterdam. But staying at our centrally located house, means that you will actually","Quiet comfy room, free WiFi, coffee and tea facilities. Situated in the Canalzone between the historical centre and the popular neighborhood ""de Pijp"".  19th century Amsterdam Townhouse, which means steep stairs. Guest room is on the 3rd floor. NOTE: you need to carry your own luggage from and to your room on the 3rd floor! If you travel with a lot of luggage, you might want to leave what you don't need for your visit, in a locker at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport or at Amsterdam Central Station. LOCATION Our 19th century house is located in a secluded, quiet street, in the popular ""Grachtengordel"" neighbourhood, right between the old center and the popular neighborhood "" de Pijp.  Musea and sites on walking distance. HOW TO REACH OUR HOUSE Our house is easy to reach by public transport from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in only 1 hour.. From Amsterdam Central station in 10 minutes. About a week before your arrival, we will send you detailed directions (very easy). YOUR ARRIVAL We personally ",,,"No drugs! It is not allowed to bring other people into the house, not at daytime and not at nighttime. We have a smoke free house, so smoking in the room or elsewhere in the house is not allowed. Violation of this house rules will be followed by immediate check out! Guests will have a key to the house and can come and go as they please. However, when coming home late at night we ask our guests to be very quiet in respect to our nightsleep and that of our neighbours. That also means that we ask you not to take a shower between midnight and 6 am."
