"Welcome to our home! It is a Sunny, Luxury and modern loft, in quiet 17th C. street. With 3 bedrooms it is ideal for a large family. With a fully equipped, open plan kitchen, bathroom with walk in shower @ bath, separate toilet, french doors in the living room and a roof terrace with a spectacular view on Rijksmuseum you will be very comfortable. 2 tv's, hifi, fast wifi, Netflix, Apple TV & Nespresso. Classy shopping, good bars & restaurants. 5 mins to Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Stedelijk museum.","3 rooms with double beds, large light living with fireplace and open kitchen (Nespresso machine), luxurious bathroom and a library/tv-room near the roof terrace. 2 flatscreen tv's, fast wifi and Netflix via Apple tv.","Welcome to our home! It is a Sunny, Luxury and modern loft, in quiet 17th C. street. With 3 bedrooms it is ideal for a large family. With a fully equipped, open plan kitchen, bathroom with walk in shower @ bath, separate toilet, french doors in the living room and a roof terrace with a spectacular view on Rijksmuseum you will be very comfortable. 2 tv's, hifi, fast wifi, Netflix, Apple TV & Nespresso. Classy shopping, good bars & restaurants. 5 mins to Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Stedelijk museum. 3 rooms with double beds, large light living with fireplace and open kitchen (Nespresso machine), luxurious bathroom and a library/tv-room near the roof terrace. 2 flatscreen tv's, fast wifi and Netflix via Apple tv. You will have full access to the entire apartment. I’ll open the door for you when you arrive, show you my place. Old city centre. All the highlights by foot in max. 15 minutes. Lots of nice bars, restaurants and shops. Bicycle rentals nearby. Supermarkets 200 m. Amsterdams' best pas","Old city centre. All the highlights by foot in max. 15 minutes. Lots of nice bars, restaurants and shops. Bicycle rentals nearby. Supermarkets 200 m. Amsterdams' best pastry shop 50 m. around the corner! Our favorite places are on a list in the apartment.",Public transport 200 meters. From Schiphol airport to our house you can take a taxi. It's the easiest way. I think it will cost you ±€50. It's cheaper to take public transport:  Train from Schiphol Airport to Centraal Station in Amsterdam (goes often) Take Tram 16 or 24 at the Central Station to 'Weteringcircuit ' and than walk 3' to Noorderstraat.,"GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our property! We are sure that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Enjoy your stay! LATE CHECKIN: - If you wish to check-in to the apartment between 21:00 and 08:00, this is possible, but due to the late hour we charge an extra fee of 25 euro’s between 21:00 & 00:00 or 50 euro’s between 00:00 & 08:00. Please pay the extra fee (cash only) to your host when you arrive. Since it goes straight to the Host for the late hour (not to me). Hopefully you can make it before the late fee deadline, but this way, we can accommodate you even if you don't. Thank you for your understanding.  PLEASE NO: - Loud music, noise or other nuisance  - Smoking anywhere inside the building  - Drugs - House parties - Other guests (except for the persons who have booked) KEYS: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside "
