"Down Town private sunny room with big terrace and shared kitchen on the island of Wittenburg in the centre of Amsterdam. Wittenburg Island is a part of the city centre where in 1700 the Dutch ships where built. The Maritime museum is around the corner and the central station close by. Today Wittenburg is a quiet area of the centre of Amsterdam, surrounded by water. Next door is a city beach with a nice bar/restaurant.","Beautiful, cosy and comfortable private room on the first floor, with a big sunny terrace on the south and view on a little port and a city beach.  Prived Bathroom with big shower, separate toilet, and spacious kitchen, living/bedroom with television, wifi internet connection available.  The kitchen divides the apartment in two parts. You are sharing the kitchen with me. I live at the other side of the kitchen and both sides have there own private  terrace and a entrance to the kitchen.","Down Town private sunny room with big terrace and shared kitchen on the island of Wittenburg in the centre of Amsterdam. Wittenburg Island is a part of the city centre where in 1700 the Dutch ships where built. The Maritime museum is around the corner and the central station close by. Today Wittenburg is a quiet area of the centre of Amsterdam, surrounded by water. Next door is a city beach with a nice bar/restaurant. Beautiful, cosy and comfortable private room on the first floor, with a big sunny terrace on the south and view on a little port and a city beach.  Prived Bathroom with big shower, separate toilet, and spacious kitchen, living/bedroom with television, wifi internet connection available.  The kitchen divides the apartment in two parts. You are sharing the kitchen with me. I live at the other side of the kitchen and both sides have there own private  terrace and a entrance to the kitchen. There are several good restaurants in the area. The old windmail is around the corner ","My neighborhood is still in the center of Amsterdam but it is a nice, save and quiet area to come home to after your visit to the beautiful  and more busy center of Amsterdam.  The island is surrounded by water with a lot of wide and open space.",The tram and bus are around the corner. The Central Station is on 20 minutes walk. There are bikes for rent close by.,"Please resect the peace and quite of my neigbors. Feel at home, enjoy and treat the house as respectful as if it where your own."
