"Ruim appartement (60m2) op 10 minuten fietsafstand van de Dam. Door de grote raampartij heeft het appartement veel lichtinval.  Naast de woonkamer met open keuken is er een serre, een eenvoudige badkamer en een mooie grote en kleine slaapkamer.","Nice and lightful apartment, just 10 minutes by bike from the Damsquare. The apartment includes a cosy livingroom with open kitchen, a conservatory, a simple shower and 2 nice bedrooms; a big one and a small one. (Only the big one is for use). It's a great apartment to stay for some nights!","Nice and lightful apartment, just 10 minutes by bike from the Damsquare. The apartment includes a cosy livingroom with open kitchen, a conservatory, a simple shower and 2 nice bedrooms; a big one and a small one. (Only the big one is for use). It's a great apartment to stay for some nights! The house is located in the nice Oud-West area of Amsterdam. It has a daily fresh ""ten kate"" market just 5 mins away , and it's only 10 mins walk to the city center. Supermarkets, shops, cafees and restaurants are close by. It's a great apartment to stay for some nights! The house is located in the nice Oud-West area of Amsterdam. It has a daily fresh ""ten kate"" market just 5 mins away , and it's only 10 mins walk to the city center. Supermarkets, shops, cafees and restaurants are close by. The public transport system brings you everywhere. It's a 1 min walk to the trams. Visit the reopened Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum or het Stedelijk Museum. Walk through the Vondelpark, or stroll through the littl","The house is located in the nice Oud-West area of Amsterdam. It has a daily fresh ""ten kate"" market just 5 mins away , and it's only 10 mins walk to the city center. Supermarkets, shops, cafees and restaurants are close by.","The public transport system brings you everywhere. It's a 1 min walk to the trams. Visit the reopened Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum or het Stedelijk Museum. Walk through the Vondelpark, or stroll through the little boutiques in the ""negen straatjes"".  There will be a map of Amsterdam ands some flyers with things to do at arrival.","Leave the apartment like you entered it. No drugs, no smoking, no other people."
