"Your feel like a local in this part of Amsterdam, only 10 min from the city center.","In the east part of amsterdam, a very nice light clean renovated private apartment up to 2 person.   1 bedroom with double bed and living room with open kitchen, bathroom with nice shower, bed linens and towels included. Fully equipped kitchen with combi oven, water cooker, washing machine, dishwasser. including wifi and tv with dvd player. It's near 2 parks, nice restaurants, a couple of bars and 5 min walk to subway, from there only 10 min by subway to train station and 6 min to city center. There is a small super market only 3min walking  and a big one 10 min from the apartment.  You have a couple off nice neighborhoods in Amsterdam, with restaurants, bars and shops. Jordaan. De pijp. Oud zuid. Nice to go, Red light district. 9 streets. Canel cruise. Museum, Stedelijk museum. Foam ( foto) The Eye (movie) Hermitage  Van gogh rijksmuseum To shop: Haarlemmerstraat/haarlemmerdijk. Kalverstraat. 9 streets. Clubs: Jimmy who. Air Drinks: Rembrandt plein (plein is square) Leidsplein note: p","In the east part of amsterdam, a very nice light clean renovated private apartment up to 2 person.   1 bedroom with double bed and living room with open kitchen, bathroom with nice shower, bed linens and towels included. Fully equipped kitchen with combi oven, water cooker, washing machine, dishwasser. including wifi and tv with dvd player. It's near 2 parks, nice restaurants, a couple of bars and 5 min walk to subway, from there only 10 min by subway to train station and 6 min to city center. There is a small super market only 3min walking  and a big one 10 min from the apartment.  You have a couple off nice neighborhoods in Amsterdam, with restaurants, bars and shops. Jordaan. De pijp. Oud zuid. Nice to go, Red light district. 9 streets. Canel cruise. Museum, Stedelijk museum. Foam ( foto) The Eye (movie) Hermitage  Van gogh rijksmuseum To shop: Haarlemmerstraat/haarlemmerdijk. Kalverstraat. 9 streets. Clubs: Jimmy who. Air Drinks: Rembrandt plein (plein is square) Leidsplein note: p","The east part of Amsterdam is full of nice bars and restaurants. You will find here a lot of young creative people, how love the enjoy live.","Only 5 min walk from the apartment you will find the subway, it will take you 6 min to the city center.",No smoking. Respect my stuff and my neighbors Enjoy my house and amsterdam.
