,"DESCRIPTION: The apartment is on the 3rd floor and consist of a spacious living room with a double bed (1.80 x 2.00). The kitchen has everything you might need including a dishwasher, washing machine etc. The bathroom is a bit small but does come with a duck radio in the shower ;) Basically everything you need for a city trip.  LOCATION: The apartment is located in the center of 'the PIJP'. This is a very popular, trendy, cosmopolitan area of the city center with many restaurants, bars and coffee places. The Albert Cuyp market and Heineken Brewery are around the corner and if you are looking for some peace and quiet the Sarphati park is only a 5 minute walk. The recently re-opened Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk museum are a 10 minute walk. But the easiest way to get around Amsterdam is by bike!  AMMENITIES - WIFI  - Great tips for your stay - Living room with big TV and couch  - Double bed - Clean sheets and towels  - Dining room table  - Small bathroom with shower and toilet - Washing mach","DESCRIPTION: The apartment is on the 3rd floor and consist of a spacious living room with a double bed (1.80 x 2.00). The kitchen has everything you might need including a dishwasher, washing machine etc. The bathroom is a bit small but does come with a duck radio in the shower ;) Basically everything you need for a city trip.  LOCATION: The apartment is located in the center of 'the PIJP'. This is a very popular, trendy, cosmopolitan area of the city center with many restaurants, bars and coffee places. The Albert Cuyp market and Heineken Brewery are around the corner and if you are looking for some peace and quiet the Sarphati park is only a 5 minute walk. The recently re-opened Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk museum are a 10 minute walk. But the easiest way to get around Amsterdam is by bike!  AMMENITIES - WIFI  - Great tips for your stay - Living room with big TV and couch  - Double bed - Clean sheets and towels  - Dining room table  - Small bathroom with shower and toilet - Washing mach",,,
