"A wonderful, very spacious two-floor apartment  with spectacular views, large terraces, two bathrooms, and a garage for two cars. With the tram in front the door you are with 10 minutes in the Centre of Amsterdam.","COMFORT To make you stay as comfortable as possible, the house has the following facilities: - cable TV/HBO film channel/plasma screen/digital video recorder - two bathrooms with floor heating - garage for 2 cars - American fridge with ice maker for cocktails and summer drinks - two bedrooms, both with electrically adjustable double bed - wireless Internet (super fast 500megabit connection) - washing machine and dryer which can run in parallel - a roof terrace and a front terrace with sun all day until sunset with sun bed - a large weber barbeque and a garden fire - two toilets (one separately)  - an additional single mattress and a double airmatrass for 3 additional guests (totaling to max. 7 guests) - a Nespresso espresso machine LAYOUT ground floor: entrance to own property, storage, landing stairs to living area. SECOND FLOOR: entrance hall with storage, toilet, bathroom, bedroom with double bed, work/study, in the middle of the 23 m long room is a industrial stainless steel design","A wonderful, very spacious two-floor apartment  with spectacular views, large terraces, two bathrooms, and a garage for two cars. With the tram in front the door you are with 10 minutes in the Centre of Amsterdam. COMFORT To make you stay as comfortable as possible, the house has the following facilities: - cable TV/HBO film channel/plasma screen/digital video recorder - two bathrooms with floor heating - garage for 2 cars - American fridge with ice maker for cocktails and summer drinks - two bedrooms, both with electrically adjustable double bed - wireless Internet (super fast 500megabit connection) - washing machine and dryer which can run in parallel - a roof terrace and a front terrace with sun all day until sunset with sun bed - a large weber barbeque and a garden fire - two toilets (one separately)  - an additional single mattress and a double airmatrass for 3 additional guests (totaling to max. 7 guests) - a Nespresso espresso machine LAYOUT ground floor: entrance to own propert","the view from the house is a beautiful parc. within a few minutes you walk straight into nature! the ' island'  is surrounded bij the water of the IJ,  directly in connection with the sea.  a lot of sailboats, and the view over the water is beautiful. IJBURG is a new area, built with nice houses.  across the street is  a small shopping area with all kinds of facilities and grocery shops. by bike it is easy to go to the north where you can find Monnickendam, Edam, Marken, all the cute typical dutch places. ",tramline 26 is within 15 minutes at central station and leaves every 6-7 minutes in front of the house.,"You're very welcome in my house. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Please: - treat my house and everything in it if its yours ;-) - respect the neighbours if you come home in late - if you accidentally create some damage, please let me know. and have a good time in Amsterdam....!"
