"Relax to the max!  Stay cool and be happy.  Enjoy your stay  Go out and love Amsterdam  Treat the apartement with respect. Close to the airport, parking, public transport  Great restaurants, shops and close to the musea. ","Apartment with bedroom, livingroom, small bathroom and a separate toilet. The apartment has one bedroom with one double bed. The 50m2 property features:  * Free WIFI  * Towels and linen * Fully equipped kitchen  * Shower  * Table with chairs  * Tea and coffee making facilities  * Flatscreen TV  * Washing machine  * Your own entrance.  * Map of Amsterdam  ","Relax to the max!  Stay cool and be happy.  Enjoy your stay  Go out and love Amsterdam  Treat the apartement with respect. Close to the airport, parking, public transport  Great restaurants, shops and close to the musea. Apartment with bedroom, livingroom, small bathroom and a separate toilet. The apartment has one bedroom with one double bed. The 50m2 property features:  * Free WIFI  * Towels and linen * Fully equipped kitchen  * Shower  * Table with chairs  * Tea and coffee making facilities  * Flatscreen TV  * Washing machine  * Your own entrance.  * Map of Amsterdam  My neighbor or the cleaning lady will be there for your arrival. During your stay we can have contact and you can call or text me. - 1 minute walk to the organic supermarket open from 9:00am till 09:00 pm - 2 minutes walk from lovely lunchroom en restaurants. - 5 minute walk to Le Fournil de Sébastien, famous French bakery. - 10 minute walk to the amazing Vondelpark  Our apartment is 1 minute walk to the tram public tr","- 1 minute walk to the organic supermarket open from 9:00am till 09:00 pm - 2 minutes walk from lovely lunchroom en restaurants. - 5 minute walk to Le Fournil de Sébastien, famous French bakery. - 10 minute walk to the amazing Vondelpark ",Our apartment is 1 minute walk to the tram public transport - 5 minute by tram to the world famous Van Gogh Museum  - 5 minute by tram to the world famous Rijksmuseum  - 10 minute by bus from gorgeous Amsterdam Forest  - 10 minute by tram from the Diamand Museum ,- its not allowed to smoke in the apartment. - Don't play music or use the washing machine between 11 PM and 8 AM. - Don’t invite people and no parties in the apartment. - No pets.
