"This apartment is in a quiet street in a popular area ('Indische Buurt') with lots of restaurants, bars and shops. The center is only 12 minutes by tram. The main bedroom has a large comfortable bed. The kitchen is well-equipped and is situated in the light and cosy livingroom. Cosy balcony ideal for breakfast.","You'll have a spacious main bedroom, next to the bathroom and toilet. The bathroom has a shower and a separate bathtub. An extra single bedroom is available if you book for 3 persons or if we agree to (at an extra charge). The kitchen is well-equipped for you to cook your meals, make yourself a smoothie or prepare your breakfast. There is a fridge, a freezer, a dishwasher and an oven. The livingroom is light, spacious and comfortable. It even has a piano at the disposal of experienced players.","This apartment is in a quiet street in a popular area ('Indische Buurt') with lots of restaurants, bars and shops. The center is only 12 minutes by tram. The main bedroom has a large comfortable bed. The kitchen is well-equipped and is situated in the light and cosy livingroom. Cosy balcony ideal for breakfast. You'll have a spacious main bedroom, next to the bathroom and toilet. The bathroom has a shower and a separate bathtub. An extra single bedroom is available if you book for 3 persons or if we agree to (at an extra charge). The kitchen is well-equipped for you to cook your meals, make yourself a smoothie or prepare your breakfast. There is a fridge, a freezer, a dishwasher and an oven. The livingroom is light, spacious and comfortable. It even has a piano at the disposal of experienced players. If you book the apartment for 2 persons, I presume you'll be using only the main bedroom that has a double bed. The 2nd bedroom is only available if you book for 3 persons, or if we explic","The neighbourhood is booming. It populates a lively mixture of people of all ages, cultures and professions. There are lots of restaurants and bars, in different styles, and price-ranges. I have several places to recommend, depending on your liking of course. Groceries, ATM's, pharmacy's are very close by. Opposite the house is a pathway to a beautiful and quiet park.",At the corner of the street there is a public transport stop for two trams (3 and 14) into the city center and several buses. The trams and buses run regularly and also during late hours. Trams take you in the city center in 12 minutes (depending on where you want to go of course). Tram 14 and bus 22 bring you from and to the Central Station. A bike rental is just around the corner. Information on parking is available in the directions you get after booking.,Smoking is allowed on the balcony.
