"Our home (96m2) has a bright and cosy livingroom with a flatscreen TV, Wifi and a luxurious open kitchen with dishwashing machine. Upstairs we have a bedroom with a comfortable boxspring and a loft with sleeping couch, workspace and a washingmachine.","Our home (96m2) has a bright and cosy livingroom with a flatscreen TV, Wifi and a luxurious open kitchen with dish washing machine. Upstairs we have a bedroom with a comfortable boxspring bed and a modern bathroom. The third floor is a loft with a comfortable sleeping couch and a washingmachine.  We are situated in a quiet area within easy reach by public transportation of the city center. We have a garden of 50m2 with a big lounge area.","Our home (96m2) has a bright and cosy livingroom with a flatscreen TV, Wifi and a luxurious open kitchen with dishwashing machine. Upstairs we have a bedroom with a comfortable boxspring and a loft with sleeping couch, workspace and a washingmachine. Our home (96m2) has a bright and cosy livingroom with a flatscreen TV, Wifi and a luxurious open kitchen with dish washing machine. Upstairs we have a bedroom with a comfortable boxspring bed and a modern bathroom. The third floor is a loft with a comfortable sleeping couch and a washingmachine.  We are situated in a quiet area within easy reach by public transportation of the city center. We have a garden of 50m2 with a big lounge area. The entire house except for one room, which we use for storage On arrival and departure and ofcourse we are always available for questions. If you feel like a walk, a swim, a picknick or a boottour you will find a lake at 800 meters from our house. Our house is close to the bus and tram that will take you ","If you feel like a walk, a swim, a picknick or a boottour you will find a lake at 800 meters from our house.",Our house is close to the bus and tram that will take you within 15 minutes to the city center (Leidseplein). If you arrive by plane you can take the train or a direct bus from the airport to our home (22 min).,We expect you to take good care of our house and respect our neighbours. We strongly prefer a couple or family.
