"Welcome to my homely Amsterdam apartment 10 min. from city center (bike / train). Quiet bedroom, spacious garden, attached greenhouse and a 'foodies' kitchen with large stove. Countless shops, restaurants and 2 beautiful parks on walking distance.","This comfortable, ground floor apartment has big windows and a nice spacey feeling. A perfect place to calm down from all the city experiences, to cook and enjoy some time alone or together. In the back garden you can relax and experience calmness and a nice green surrounding. Prefer some chills & thrills? No worries, Amsterdam's bustling center is just a 5 minute train ride away.","Welcome to my homely Amsterdam apartment 10 min. from city center (bike / train). Quiet bedroom, spacious garden, attached greenhouse and a 'foodies' kitchen with large stove. Countless shops, restaurants and 2 beautiful parks on walking distance. This comfortable, ground floor apartment has big windows and a nice spacey feeling. A perfect place to calm down from all the city experiences, to cook and enjoy some time alone or together. In the back garden you can relax and experience calmness and a nice green surrounding. Prefer some chills & thrills? No worries, Amsterdam's bustling center is just a 5 minute train ride away. The entire apartment is available for the guests including the greenhouse & private garden. I won't be in the apartment during the rental period. However, I'm always available to answer questions or give advise for a real Amsterdam experience ;) bars, restaurants, clubs, parties, but also culture, nature and other 'off the beaten track' sights & activities. The Bali","The Balistraat is a quiet, pretty street located in the  ‘Indische (email hidden)ly, diverse neighborhood in the popular Eastern part of Amsterdam. Just a stone's throw away you'll find countless (international) shops, restaurants, bars, two(!) beautiful parks, the famous windmill-turned-beer brewer 'Het IJ' and even a cinema.",Nearby you'll find several public transport facilities (train / tram / bus). The apartment is easily reachable by train from both Schiphol airport and Amsterdam Central Station. The Muiderpoort train station is on just 400m.,"All basics are included (kitchen equipment / coffee & tea / basic groceries like sugar, herbs, salt etc./ bed sheets / towels / soap).  Checking in & out is flexible please send me an email if you have questions!"
