"Great comfortable apartment, 1 minute walk from Vondelpark with garden! Fully furnished 55m2 ground floor apartment.","The modern furnished apartment has one bedroom with a very comfortable double bed. (Auping) The bathroom has a toilet, shower and a sink.  The fully equipped kitchen has a microwave, oven, fridge (and freezer) and all utensils needed. The garden has a lounge set, so you can enjoy the afternoon sun. The apartment has a private ground floor entrance. It's easy to access and there are no stairs. Our guests can enjoy the luxury of having an apartment for themselves.","Great comfortable apartment, 1 minute walk from Vondelpark with garden! Fully furnished 55m2 ground floor apartment. The modern furnished apartment has one bedroom with a very comfortable double bed. (Auping) The bathroom has a toilet, shower and a sink.  The fully equipped kitchen has a microwave, oven, fridge (and freezer) and all utensils needed. The garden has a lounge set, so you can enjoy the afternoon sun. The apartment has a private ground floor entrance. It's easy to access and there are no stairs. Our guests can enjoy the luxury of having an apartment for themselves. -Suitable for 1 or 2 people. (preferably 30+) -Nespresso coffee machine. -Free WiFi. -If needed: two adult bicycles. -Sheets, towels and toilet paper. -TV/DVD player. -Kitchen fully equipped. -Washing machine, detergent, iron & iron-board, dryer -Hairdryer. -Central Heating. -Check-in and Check-out times are flexible. You will meet me while checking in, I will handover the key and I can explain everything you nee","The apartment is at only a minute walk from the Central Park of Amsterdam (Vondelpark).  There are lots of restaurants, café’s, lunchrooms, a biological grocery store, bakeries, butchers, wine shops and Albert Heijn, our local grocery store. Exploring the city from the apartment is very easy and convenient. Several trams stops will bring you directly to the city center with all the main must-sees. In only 15 minutes walking (through the Vondelpark) you will be at the Concertgebouw, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Leidsplein, P.C. Hooftstraat. -Supermarket 2 minutes walk. -1 min. walk to the Vondelpark (end of the street)  -4 min. walk from the tram stop to the  City Centre.  -Amsterdam Centre 7 min. away by bike, 10 min. by tram.  -Great terraces. -Quiet and safe residential street.","From the Airport:  A taxi from Schiphol airport will cost you approx. 38 euro's and will take you here from the airport in 20 minutes.  It's a 20 minutes bus ride on Bus 197, get off at Haarlemermeerstation.  And then a 7 min. walk. From the main train station Amsterdam Centraal:  It’s a 20 minute tram ride on Tram 1, get off at Overtoomsesluis Or, Tram 2, get off at Amstelveenseweg. Public transportation is around the corner (tram No 1) and brings you in the city center in 7 minutes.(Leidseplein)","We have a few simple rules:  -No smoking (but you can smoke in the garden) --No pets allowed  -No partying allowed/ No noise -Take care of the house and respect our neighbors. -No unexpected guests without prior notice. -Please be especially quiet in summer time when you socialize in the garden after 23:00, since all the bedrooms are just above the garden. Feel free to contact me at any time, enjoy your stay!"
