"We rent to families/30+ people/business travelers. Our dike house (160m2) + two gardens is situated in pittoresque and at the same time trendy Amsterdam-Noord, happening country side district near the city center, within the reach of 10 bus minutes.","Our house is located in one of the most populair streets in Amsterdam-Noord, the uprising part of Amsterdam with lots of new artistic, cultural, musical and gastronomic initiatives, and still only 15 bike minutes from the Central Station.","We rent to families/30+ people/business travelers. Our dike house (160m2) + two gardens is situated in pittoresque and at the same time trendy Amsterdam-Noord, happening country side district near the city center, within the reach of 10 bus minutes. Our house is located in one of the most populair streets in Amsterdam-Noord, the uprising part of Amsterdam with lots of new artistic, cultural, musical and gastronomic initiatives, and still only 15 bike minutes from the Central Station. Our guests have access to the whole house. We keep in touch with our guests in a way they like to be in touch with us and/or we hire a host so our guests will always have someone to turn to with questions or emergencies. Our neighbourhood (Nieuwendam, Amsterdam Noord) is friendly and pitoresque. We like the feeling of being in a little village and at the same being part of Amsterdam. You just take busline 32 or 33 from Central Station to Buikslotermeer. You'll get out at the busstop Merellaan and walk to o","Our neighbourhood (Nieuwendam, Amsterdam Noord) is friendly and pitoresque. We like the feeling of being in a little village and at the same being part of Amsterdam.",You just take busline 32 or 33 from Central Station to Buikslotermeer. You'll get out at the busstop Merellaan and walk to our house in 5 minutes only. The bus goes every 10 minutes.,"Our house is only available for families, preferably with children, or people of 30+. We expect our guests to treat our house, belongings and the quiet neighbourhood with respect. We do not allow smoking, drugs, or non-registered guests inside/around the house."
