"Great, modern apartment in the Pijp. The perfect base to explore the nicest area of the city; check out all the coffee bars, taverns and nicest shops. It's a great apartment where you can relax after a long day of sightseeing.","Our apartment contains the following rooms and facilities: -Room 1: Living Room HD TV, fast wifi, luxurious 4-6 persons dining table, sofa, sound system (with iphone/ipod dock), stylish bay window. -Room 2: Bedroom Big 2 persons bed, acces to the balcony, big storage closet. -Room 3: Kitchen Seperate luxurious kitchen including washdry combination, dishwasher, stove (3 burners + 1 wok), big fridge w. freezer, steamer, and every cooking utility/appliance you might think of -Room 4: Bathroom Nice, small sized bathing room with shower, washing table and toilet.","Great, modern apartment in the Pijp. The perfect base to explore the nicest area of the city; check out all the coffee bars, taverns and nicest shops. It's a great apartment where you can relax after a long day of sightseeing. Our apartment contains the following rooms and facilities: -Room 1: Living Room HD TV, fast wifi, luxurious 4-6 persons dining table, sofa, sound system (with iphone/ipod dock), stylish bay window. -Room 2: Bedroom Big 2 persons bed, acces to the balcony, big storage closet. -Room 3: Kitchen Seperate luxurious kitchen including washdry combination, dishwasher, stove (3 burners + 1 wok), big fridge w. freezer, steamer, and every cooking utility/appliance you might think of -Room 4: Bathroom Nice, small sized bathing room with shower, washing table and toilet. Guests have access to the entire apartment. Private things are locked. You can reach us at all times via phone or the Airbnb app. We are in town, online and happy to assist. Welcome to De Pijp. This apartment","Welcome to De Pijp. This apartment is located on a nice and quiet street in one of the most bustling neighborhoods of Amsterdam. Just a short tram ride (10min) of Central Station or Amsterdam South Station, taking you into one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic (typical Dutch) cafés, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the famous Albert Cuypmarket, flanked by over 100 shops. If you wander down Albert Cuypstraat and Ferdinand Bolstraat, the main streets in de Pijp, you'll find many exotic and authentic Syrian, Moroccan, Surinamese restaurants, to name but a few, and a typical Amsterdam pub is located on almost every corner. Also in abundance are the Islamic butchers, Surinamese, Spanish, Indian and Turkish delicatessens and grocery stores. Here is a list of some of the attractions within walking distance; Sarphati Park, Albert Cuyp market, Heineken Experien","There is a tramstop in two minutes walking distance, and parking places in front (paid parking).","House rules - Check in: 3.00 PM (unless agreed otherwise) - Check in after 8:00 PM: we charge €20 extra to cover our expenses - Check out: 11.00 AM We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down. We kindly ask you to respect your neighbours; - No loud music after 10.00 PM; - No house parties; - No additional guests allowed without approval; - No smoking inside the apartment; - No drugs. The use of drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,- - We provide you with clean bedsheets and one medium sized towel (140x70 cm) per person at no additional charge. Please leave them after check out; - Extra towels are available for rent for €2 per towel. - Please do not use any other towels and/or bedlinen you might find in the house. We will charge you €25,- for dry cleaning services. - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mailman, only the house owner is allowed to do so; - We guarantee a clean ho"
