"If you want to get everything out of your stay in Amsterdam, you should stay here! The apartment is situated in the quiet and bubbling Indische neighborhood. Just steps away from many cafes, restaurants and shops. The apartment has a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy bedroom, a nice bathroom and two balconies! The tram to the historical centre stops right at your door and the bicycle rental is around the corner. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment.","This world style decorated apartment is situated on the first floor. It contains two bright rooms, with balconies on both sides. The apartment consists of a nice living room with a separate kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped, so it's a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. There is a nice dining area and comfortable seating area. You will spend the night in the cozy bedroom with a comfortable bed. There is also a bathroom with shower and toilet.  The apartment is comfortable for two people. Towels and linen are provided. The apartment is located at the Timorplein. At this square you will also find a Hostel and Studio K (cafe / restaurant / cinema). From the apartment it is only 5 minutes walking to Java Street, this is where you can find many shops / supermarkets / eateries / cafes, Flevopark and the famous Dapper Market. The neighborhood is spacious, save and bubbling with plenty of great dining options within walking distance of the apartment. The tram to the historical ","If you want to get everything out of your stay in Amsterdam, you should stay here! The apartment is situated in the quiet and bubbling Indische neighborhood. Just steps away from many cafes, restaurants and shops. The apartment has a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy bedroom, a nice bathroom and two balconies! The tram to the historical centre stops right at your door and the bicycle rental is around the corner. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment. This world style decorated apartment is situated on the first floor. It contains two bright rooms, with balconies on both sides. The apartment consists of a nice living room with a separate kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped, so it's a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. There is a nice dining area and comfortable seating area. You will spend the night in the cozy bedroom with a comfortable bed. There is also a bathroom with shower and toilet.  The apartment is comfortable for two people. To","Indische Buurt is a neighborhood in the borough of the eastern part of the city of Amsterdam. The name of the neighborhood derived from the fact that the street names are named after islands and geographical concepts in the former Dutch colony Indonesia. This is the most multicultural diverse neighborhood of Amsterdam. The Javastraat is the commercial street of this district, with many different shops, restaurants, bakeries and more. In the Indische Buurt there is a big city park named; Flevopark. It is perfect to escape from the busy city.","The easiest way to get around te city is by bike, but you can also use public transport. Close to the apartment you can find tram 14 and bus 22 to get around the city.","Please don’t trash the place, don’t smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that enjoy as it is your own apartment. Also please do not touch the automatic feeder of the fish tank."
