A home away from home Great location Including 2 BIKES! Comfortable bed Fast WIFI Clean Private STEAP characteristic stairs (not for people who hate stairs or have troubles with legs or feet/ do not walk well) Can be noisy outside,"What I offer: great location, comfortable bed, private & clean home. Be careful for: The stairs are really steep and it can be noisy outside On the pictures you see one of the two rooms I rent out in the same building. If you are looking for a place for 4 people this could also be ideal! This room is located on the second floor of the building. It is right in the middle of the center of Amsterdam. Just around the corner of the lively part of Amsterdam. Nearby everything in town: museums, shops, clubs, bars and restaurants. Public transport is really around the corner. The central station is 15 minutes walking distance and by tram it will only take you 5 minutes (tram 1, 2 and 5). The famous/oldest café in Amsterdam is right in front. What's in the private studio?: •  Comfortable double bed •  Fridge, tea cooker, Nespresso machine •  Private shower and toilet •  Windows are double, which keeps out the most of the noise •  Free WIFI •  Free use of washing machine and dryer •  Free use of","A home away from home Great location Including 2 BIKES! Comfortable bed Fast WIFI Clean Private STEAP characteristic stairs (not for people who hate stairs or have troubles with legs or feet/ do not walk well) Can be noisy outside What I offer: great location, comfortable bed, private & clean home. Be careful for: The stairs are really steep and it can be noisy outside On the pictures you see one of the two rooms I rent out in the same building. If you are looking for a place for 4 people this could also be ideal! This room is located on the second floor of the building. It is right in the middle of the center of Amsterdam. Just around the corner of the lively part of Amsterdam. Nearby everything in town: museums, shops, clubs, bars and restaurants. Public transport is really around the corner. The central station is 15 minutes walking distance and by tram it will only take you 5 minutes (tram 1, 2 and 5). The famous/oldest café in Amsterdam is right in front. What's in the private stu",My home is in the best neighborhood. Everything is close by and it feels like a small village in the city ring. The best thing to do is just walk around town(the best and quieter on a Sunday morning). For sure also take a boat tour as Amsterdam is really beautiful from the canals.,"It is pretty easy to rent a bike as every Dutch person living in Amsterdam uses one. Also trams are pretty easy to use, but as you are close by everything I would prefer walking as then you can see everything our city has to offer better.","Please do not smoke and I love pets, but for hygienically reasons not allowed in the studio. If you are not at home, please turn out the electricity and heater."
