"Nice Amsterdam apartment where you can relax and feel at home. Located in a friendly, upcoming hip neighborhood with lots of coffeebars and restaurants. • Citycenter in 5-10 minutes by public transport or 15-20 minutes walk  • Total of 60 sqm","Nice Amsterdam apartment where you can relax and feel at home. Located in a friendly, upcoming hip neighborhood with lots of coffeebars and restaurants. • Citycenter in 5-10 minutes by public transport or 15-20   minutes walk  • Total of 60 sqm.  • 1 bedroom • double size bed (180x200cm)  • Kitchen + dining area + balcony • Bathroom with separate toilet  • Towels and linens included • Wireless internet (WiFi)  Feel free to contact and visit!!","Nice Amsterdam apartment where you can relax and feel at home. Located in a friendly, upcoming hip neighborhood with lots of coffeebars and restaurants. • Citycenter in 5-10 minutes by public transport or 15-20 minutes walk  • Total of 60 sqm Nice Amsterdam apartment where you can relax and feel at home. Located in a friendly, upcoming hip neighborhood with lots of coffeebars and restaurants. • Citycenter in 5-10 minutes by public transport or 15-20   minutes walk  • Total of 60 sqm.  • 1 bedroom • double size bed (180x200cm)  • Kitchen + dining area + balcony • Bathroom with separate toilet  • Towels and linens included • Wireless internet (WiFi)  Feel free to contact and visit!! Wifi Kitchen Bathroom & seperate toilet Sunny balcony Personal local tips! Available for questions at any time during the stay. Tramline 12 to neighborhood 'De Pijp' and Amsterdam Amstel trainstation Tramline 13 to Damsquare and Central Station Tramline 14 to Damsquare Bus 18 to Amsterdam Central Station",,Tramline 12 to neighborhood 'De Pijp' and Amsterdam Amstel trainstation Tramline 13 to Damsquare and Central Station Tramline 14 to Damsquare Bus 18 to Amsterdam Central Station,- Smoking is forbidden throughout the building and in the apartment. - You are welcome to use the kitchen. - Please keep the noise down and behave respectfully with regard to our neighbours.  - Bringing (hard)drugs or weapons of any kind into this building is prohibited. - The hosts have domestic authority and have the right to enter the rooms in urgent circumstances to  determine any action that might be necessary. - In the eventuality of loss a charge of 20 Euros per key will be made.
