,"The bedroom features a double bed, a wardrobe and a dresser with several drawers. Clean sheets and towels are provided. The flat also comes with a coach, large TV screen with many channels, WiFi and WiFi. The kitchen is equipped with an oven/microwave and the bathroom features a shower, a bathtub, washing machine as well as a tumble-dryer. Last but not least, you will be able to enjoy your evenings on the terrace in the garden with a BBQ at your disposal!","The bedroom features a double bed, a wardrobe and a dresser with several drawers. Clean sheets and towels are provided. The flat also comes with a coach, large TV screen with many channels, WiFi and WiFi. The kitchen is equipped with an oven/microwave and the bathroom features a shower, a bathtub, washing machine as well as a tumble-dryer. Last but not least, you will be able to enjoy your evenings on the terrace in the garden with a BBQ at your disposal! Everything shared  The flat will be shared with a trilingual young professional (Dutch, French, English). Tips can be provided ahead of your stay depending on the kind of experience you are looking for! Located in a very peaceful area, the flat is small, but offers all you need for a holiday or a short stay in Amsterdam. Public transport to get you into the city centre is just five minute away, and the inner city is only 10 minutes away by bike! The neighboring Rijnstraat offers all kinds of shops and supermarkets, and the Pijp, one o","Located in a very peaceful area, the flat is small, but offers all you need for a holiday or a short stay in Amsterdam. Public transport to get you into the city centre is just five minute away, and the inner city is only 10 minutes away by bike! The neighboring Rijnstraat offers all kinds of shops and supermarkets, and the Pijp, one of the most popular and typical neighborhoods of the city, renowned for its many bars and restaurants is also a short stroll away.",Tram 4 will take you to the central train station in about 20 minutes while Schiphol Airport is exactly 25 minutes away door to door! Close to 2 major train stations (Amsterdam Amstel and Amsterdam RAI),Keep everything clean and tidy .Smoke outside only.
