"Situated in a booming area this 2p apt. lets you experience the real creative, multi-cultural Amsterdam. Local bars and restaurants just around the corner. Comfy sunny balcony and recently fully renovated kitchen. Easy excess to public transport.","This nice and comfy one-bedroom apartment for 2 persons let's you experience the real Amsterdam. Located in a quiet street in a booming area it has easy excess to public transport. About 10 min. away from city center and with all comforts you need! The place is located on first floor and has a shared staircase with the second and third floor apartments. On the first floor you'll have the whole apartment just for yourselve!  There's a sunny balcony at the back of the apartment, located on the south-west. This means sun all afternoon.  The recently renovated full equiped kitchen is provided with everything you need, dishwasher included.  Guests also have access to dishwasher, free wifi and HD tv.   All bed linen and towels are provided for you.  During your stay you will have the apartment just for yourselve.  I live with my boyfriend in the neighborhood and will hand over the keys. If you need anything or have any questions I'm always available.  If you would like to chat and share a co","Situated in a booming area this 2p apt. lets you experience the real creative, multi-cultural Amsterdam. Local bars and restaurants just around the corner. Comfy sunny balcony and recently fully renovated kitchen. Easy excess to public transport. This nice and comfy one-bedroom apartment for 2 persons let's you experience the real Amsterdam. Located in a quiet street in a booming area it has easy excess to public transport. About 10 min. away from city center and with all comforts you need! The place is located on first floor and has a shared staircase with the second and third floor apartments. On the first floor you'll have the whole apartment just for yourselve!  There's a sunny balcony at the back of the apartment, located on the south-west. This means sun all afternoon.  The recently renovated full equiped kitchen is provided with everything you need, dishwasher included.  Guests also have access to dishwasher, free wifi and HD tv.   All bed linen and towels are provided for you. ","The apartment is located in a booming and happening area called ""De Baarsjes"" in Amsterdam West. It's a reflection of the real Amsterdam: multi-cultural, creative and a lot of young starters that moved in here. The street is quiet but has a shopping street around the corner with a lot of bars, restaurants and shops. It is also next to the nice little Erasmus Park, which has free events to join during the summer. Also great for runners: go to the Rembrandtpark, less then a kilometer away. For enduring runners: you can easily access the Vondelpark or Sloterplas if you go through the Rembrandtpark as well.  Visit the website of the shopping street association ' 'Geef om de Jan Eef' for up to date info about events and shops in the neighborhood: (website hidden) Or this blog: (website hidden) And Bolo Boost, also in the neighborhood: (website hidden)","It's just a minute walk towards the bus/tram stop Marco Polostraat.The tram or bus gets you in the city center in about 10 minutes. Tram 13 and towards Central Station gets you tom Dam Square and tram 7 towards Flevopark gets you to Leidseplein. Bus 18 gets you to the famous Jordaan district in 5 minutes and Central Station in about 10 minutes. Enough (payed) parking facilities in the street and neighbourhood.  The apartment is just 30 minutes away from the airport. From Schiphol it's10 minutes to station Sloterdijk by train, the bus or tram takes you in 10 minutes near the apartment. Take bus 15 with destination Amsterdam Zuid and get off at Mercatorplein or take tram 19 with destination Diemen and get off at Admiraal de Ruyterweg.  From Central Station it's 15 minutes by tram or bus. Take tram 13 or bus 18 and get off at Marco Polostraat.","Please do not smoke in the house but use the balcony. No pets and no high heels on the wooden floor. Treat it like you will treat your own house, with care. No extra guests allowed and no parties. And above all: enjoy your stay!"
