"The apartment is situated in the university area of the city centre. The place is spacious, sunny and has a view on a small park. It's the perfect place for couples or groups of friends who want to do site seeing or go out.","My apartment is situated in the eastern side of the city centre in a former army hospital built in 1860. It is in the middle of the university area, where you'll find the city zoo and many other places worth a visit. The museum quarter, shopping centre and the best area's for night life you'll find close by and are mostly reachable by foot.  The apartment is spacious and although it is simply decorated has all the necessities for a pleasant stay. Some of the biggest perks of the place is the view on a small and friendly park, the sun shining in throughout the day, a huge and comfortable bed and of course the best neighbourhood of Amsterdam (Oost) Public transport is available just around the corner. You can choose between metro, bus or tram. The best way to experience Amsterdam however is by bike ;)","The apartment is situated in the university area of the city centre. The place is spacious, sunny and has a view on a small park. It's the perfect place for couples or groups of friends who want to do site seeing or go out. My apartment is situated in the eastern side of the city centre in a former army hospital built in 1860. It is in the middle of the university area, where you'll find the city zoo and many other places worth a visit. The museum quarter, shopping centre and the best area's for night life you'll find close by and are mostly reachable by foot.  The apartment is spacious and although it is simply decorated has all the necessities for a pleasant stay. Some of the biggest perks of the place is the view on a small and friendly park, the sun shining in throughout the day, a huge and comfortable bed and of course the best neighbourhood of Amsterdam (Oost) Public transport is available just around the corner. You can choose between metro, bus or tram. The best way to experien","You will be staying in the east side of the city centre and is, in my point of view, the best side of the city :) The apartment is in the middle of the university area where you'll find many nice restaurants, bars and a cosy  cinema run by students. Despite that the apartment is very centrally located and the area has a rich history it is not yet overrun by tourists as is the case in the western part of the city. This will give you the sense of being in a more authentic Amsterdam. To experience the famous cultural diversity of the city I can definitely recommend a walk through the recently renovated Oosterpark.","Transport is ideal since there is a metro station closeby. With the metro it's only 3 stops from the main train station (Amsterdam centraal) Next to that there are some trams around the corner that will take you directly to Leidsplein, Rembrandtplein, the shopping area or the museums.",When it comes to house rules I am flexible. The apartment is non smoking but you can use the balcony. Guests are expected to keep the noise down in the hallway so not to disturb neighbours.  I would like it if my guests will clean the place up before they leave.
