"Comfortable bedroom 1/2 persons on 12th floor of a 16th store flat in Rembrandtpark. Good public transport connections with Amsterdam centre with tram 1 and 17, metro 50 and bus 18 or nightbus 751/752. Self service breakfast.","Enjoy your 'home' in Amsterdam! Energize with the bustling culture and joy of the city of Amsterdam to finally find peace and calm in the lusterous green surroundings of Rembrandtpark, sleeping sky high on 12th floor with beautiful panorama. See Amsterdam Light Festival in winter.","Comfortable bedroom 1/2 persons on 12th floor of a 16th store flat in Rembrandtpark. Good public transport connections with Amsterdam centre with tram 1 and 17, metro 50 and bus 18 or nightbus 751/752. Self service breakfast. Enjoy your 'home' in Amsterdam! Energize with the bustling culture and joy of the city of Amsterdam to finally find peace and calm in the lusterous green surroundings of Rembrandtpark, sleeping sky high on 12th floor with beautiful panorama. See Amsterdam Light Festival in winter. Entrance Hall Bedroom Kitchen for breakfast Bathroom and toilet Balcony (for smoking, relaxing and/or breakfast) I will welcome you, give you advise to get around in the city of Amsterdam, cultural life, nightlife, partys, public transport or bicycle (rent), daytrips, to make your stay in Amsterdam comfortable. Rembrandtpark is a beautiful natural green park, from where the bustling shopping area Kinkerstraat is within reach, including Ten Kate market. Hip and trendy bars for drinking, l","Rembrandtpark is a beautiful natural green park, from where the bustling shopping area Kinkerstraat is within reach, including Ten Kate market. Hip and trendy bars for drinking, lunch and diner are nearby.","- from Airport Schiphol 10 minutes, stop at Amsterdam Lelylaan. Then take tram 1 / 17, one stop to Derkinderenstraat, finally walk 5 minutes to the appartment building.  - From Central Station take tram 1 / 17, get out at stop Derkinderenstraat, finally walk 5 minutes to the appartment building. - Alternative: from Central Station take metro 50 to Gein, stop at Postjesweg, walk 5 minutes to the appartment building.  - Alternative: from Central Station take bus 18, stop at Nachtwachtlaan, walk 1 minute to the appartment building.  - By car take S106. Parking is paid Monday-Saturday 9am-9pm, about 2,40 euro per hour. Sunday free parking.  - Bus 18 and Nightbus 751 / 752 stops at Nachtwachtlaan",- no pets allowed - smoking is allowed on the balcony - breakfast custom self service in kitchen - free use of museum card and fast wifi  - laundry (washing & drying) for 10 euro  - bike rent 5 euro per day
