"My apartment is perfect for couples who want to be in the middle of things, yet sleep quietly as well. Located in the Leidseplein area and nicely decorated, staying here will allow you to experience Amsterdam to the fullest: the way a local does!","The apartment is a so-called 'bel-etage': just a bit above ground level, with its own entrance. The living room is large, the bedroom has a comfortable double bed and the shower is pleasant. Add a fully equipped kitchen and you know why this self catering accommodation beats staying in a faceless hotel. All media options are here, such as a smart TV with Netflix, fast wireless internet and a Playstation 3. Bonus: I recently got a Japanese style toilet.","My apartment is perfect for couples who want to be in the middle of things, yet sleep quietly as well. Located in the Leidseplein area and nicely decorated, staying here will allow you to experience Amsterdam to the fullest: the way a local does! The apartment is a so-called 'bel-etage': just a bit above ground level, with its own entrance. The living room is large, the bedroom has a comfortable double bed and the shower is pleasant. Add a fully equipped kitchen and you know why this self catering accommodation beats staying in a faceless hotel. All media options are here, such as a smart TV with Netflix, fast wireless internet and a Playstation 3. Bonus: I recently got a Japanese style toilet. It's full rental, so you'll have access to everything. I provide towels and linnen, but bring your own toothbrush and shampoo.  I'll be there to meet you when you arrive to show you the place. After that, I'll be out of your way but always within reach by phone or mail.  The apartment is located","The apartment is located in the Jordaan. This famous old neighbourhood with its picturesque canals is very dynamic and offers loads of restaurants and boutiques. The Leidseplein – to which locals jokingly refer as ‘entertainment area’ – is just around the corner and has many bars and clubs.  As you can read in the reviews, the apartment is within walking distance of all the main sights. You are 10 minutes away from the Museum Quarter with Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum and Rijksmuseum. In the other direction, it takes you less that 10 minutes to get to the Grachtenhuis, Flower Market and Begijnhof.","The Leidseplein is a major transportation hub. There is plenty of public transport with trams 1, 2, 5, 6, 7 and 10. The airport is 35 minutes away by bus 197. Central Station is 10 minutes by tram. There is bicycle renting nearby. ","Feel at home, and treat it as your own. No parties please, as I enjoy my good relation with the neighbours. I don't smoke, but you are welcome to."
