"A spacious double room in a trendy area of Amsterdam. Furthermore, two helpful Dutchies who are looking forward to give you tips and to help you to make the most of your trip to Amsterdam. What do you want more...?","The appartment is situated on the third floor (no elevator) of a typical building of Amsterdam. The apartment has 3 bedrooms, 1 dinner room, 1 kitchen, 2 balconies, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet.  The double room is a comfortable, clean and spacious room, situated on the front of the appartment. The room has a double bed (2.00 by 1.60), a big closet, a sofa, tv, wifi, stereo, a desk and has direct access to a small balcony, situated at the west side, what makes it possible to enjoy the evening sun!","A spacious double room in a trendy area of Amsterdam. Furthermore, two helpful Dutchies who are looking forward to give you tips and to help you to make the most of your trip to Amsterdam. What do you want more...? The appartment is situated on the third floor (no elevator) of a typical building of Amsterdam. The apartment has 3 bedrooms, 1 dinner room, 1 kitchen, 2 balconies, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet.  The double room is a comfortable, clean and spacious room, situated on the front of the appartment. The room has a double bed (2.00 by 1.60), a big closet, a sofa, tv, wifi, stereo, a desk and has direct access to a small balcony, situated at the west side, what makes it possible to enjoy the evening sun! You are more than welcome to use the dinner room, the 2 balconies (one on the back; one ot n the fronof the appartment), the kitchen, toilet and a small bathroom (shower and sink). Feel yourself at home: take a cup of tea or coffee, make diner, walk around, sit down, relax... As long as","The neigbourhood around the apartment is upcoming and hip. Lots of new, small bars, shops and artistic places have been opened the last year(s). You can find a lot of nice trendy bars within 5 minutes of the appartment, and on the square itself you can find a good recenly opened pizzeria. This neighbourhood really has a buzz! On walking distance you can find the Oosterpark, a green spot in the middle of the city: a nice place to walk around and to be 'out' of the city for a while. As well, the Amstel river is nearby and at the riverside you will find some lovely restaurants, terraces and bars. Another advantage of this place is the new shopping centre 'Oostpoort, with various shops and grocery stores.","By tram (5 min walk to the nearest stop, tramline 9) the city centre is about 10 minutes away. By bike (the typical dutch way of transport) it will take you 15 minutes. That's quiet close! There is no free parking available in the neighbourhood (parking price for one day, 25€)","The ambience in the appartment is easy-going; there is space to do whatever you feel like, but always with respect for the others in the appartment. Furthermore, we always clean up our dishes inmediatly and try to keep the appartment as clean as possible. We do not accept pets or smoking guests. And off course we ask you to respect the neighbours."
