"I am Eduard, a Dutch local. I am offering a comfortable bedroom within the apartment, where I live, in the heart of the Amsterdam canal district and trendy “9 Streets” area.","My offer includes: two hotel-quality beds, bed linen/towels, free wifi, flat screen television/DVD player, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine/dryer, hair dryer and ironing board/iron. ","I am Eduard, a Dutch local. I am offering a comfortable bedroom within the apartment, where I live, in the heart of the Amsterdam canal district and trendy “9 Streets” area. My offer includes: two hotel-quality beds, bed linen/towels, free wifi, flat screen television/DVD player, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine/dryer, hair dryer and ironing board/iron. I live on the 3rd floor of a historic building (City Monument, meeting contemporary standards). I offer a spacious bedroom, along with the (shared) use of the bathroom with shower and kitchen for easy living and working (NB the bathroom and kitchen are only shared with myself). The building has typical Amsterdam staircases, without elevator. The bedroom has direct access to a French balcony overlooking the street.  I will try to make your stay as comfortable as possible. I know the city very well: if you have any questions or requests, please do not hesitate to ask me (I speak Dutch, English and","Walk out of the front door and explore the charming “9 Streets” neighbourhood and enjoy the 17th Century canal ring area, including the Prinsengracht, Keizersgracht, Herengracht, Singel canals, and the Jordaan district. The area is featured on the UNESCO World Heritage List - you will love it! Coffee bars, gyms, (flex)offices, restaurants, museums, boutique shops, top class hotels, bike rentals and supermarkets are located in the immediate vicinity.","Public transport: The easiest and fastest way to get to my flat from Schiphol Airport is by taxi; however, the train is an efficient alternative - trains to Amsterdam Central Station depart from Schiphol Airport every 15 minutes. From Amsterdam Central Station you can take tramlines 1, 2 or 5 to the “Spui” stop (the third stop from Central Station). Parking: Although I recommend using public transport, it is possible to park your car along the canal, just around the corner from the flat. Please be aware that everywhere in the centre of Amsterdam there is subject to paid daily parking, from 9.00am to midnight, and on Sundays from midday to midnight. Alternatively, it is possible to park your car in the nearby ""Q-park Europarking” public car park.","I don't have a lot of rules. I only ask that guests use common sense and respect my property. 1. The bedroom accommodates a maximum of two people. 2. A EUR 20 linen and cleaning fee will be charged per stay. 3. Check in and out - Flexible, depending on availability. 4. The accommodation is strictly a non-smoking unit and no pets are allowed. 5. This is a residential building so no parties or large groups of guests in the house. 6. Please respect my neighbours by ensuring the door is closed, not leaving garbage in the staircase, and keeping music and television to normal levels. Feel free to contact me with any questions or special requests."
