"My house is located in the Brederodestraat, near the Vondelpark and Leidseplein. People who visite me always tell me that my house feels so cozy! Public transport is a 2 minute walk, and leads you to city centre in 5 minutes or Schiphol airport within 20 minutes.","Hai there! My house is located in the Brederodestraat with the local shopping street  J.P. Heijestraat around the corner! Here you’ll find everything you need: supermarket, cheese shop, soup store, bakery, shoe and clothing stores, restaurants etc,. It really is a nice neighbourhood with a great ambiance.  Left off my house, on the corner with the J.P. Heijestraat you’ll find Coffee Plaza. Here I go to enjoy a perfect Cappuccino, chai(tea) or fresh juices. On the right side off my house, on the corner with the Nicholaas Beetsstraat you’ll find café-restaurant de Toog. This is my local pub. I go here all the time to read a paper and enjoy a beer or wine. They also serve real good food. It’s a place where all the local people go, so if you want a taste of who and what “our hood” is all about, go there! My street is surprisingly quiet.  I sleep at the street side so I hear everything what’s going on, but you don’t hear anything at night. That still amazes me; how dead quiet it is, althoug","My house is located in the Brederodestraat, near the Vondelpark and Leidseplein. People who visite me always tell me that my house feels so cozy! Public transport is a 2 minute walk, and leads you to city centre in 5 minutes or Schiphol airport within 20 minutes. Hai there! My house is located in the Brederodestraat with the local shopping street  J.P. Heijestraat around the corner! Here you’ll find everything you need: supermarket, cheese shop, soup store, bakery, shoe and clothing stores, restaurants etc,. It really is a nice neighbourhood with a great ambiance.  Left off my house, on the corner with the J.P. Heijestraat you’ll find Coffee Plaza. Here I go to enjoy a perfect Cappuccino, chai(tea) or fresh juices. On the right side off my house, on the corner with the Nicholaas Beetsstraat you’ll find café-restaurant de Toog. This is my local pub. I go here all the time to read a paper and enjoy a beer or wine. They also serve real good food. It’s a place where all the local people go","Just read the reviews listed by guests off mine. It's a unique little neighbourhood. Cafe's, restaurants, lunch and brunch places, small boutiques, supermarkets (also organic ones!) etc .",Stop for Tram 1 is around the corner. It will take you directly to Central Station by Leidsesquare and Dam square.,"Please do not smoke in the house! Outside is fine. I respect you as my guest I hope you return the favor by respecting me and my house.  I expect you to do your own groceries but if you need some sugar, salt, peper, you can use mine. But please refill if you run out. Just do what you think is fair and how you would want people to treat your house.   Please don't go trough my bathroom cabinets without asking. Just ask of you need anything."
