"Comfortable house in Amsterdam next to the “Amsterdamse Bos” (Forest). Garden at the back of the house, 3 floors.  Proffesional open kitchen with all the equipment you need, two large and two small bedrooms, 1 bathroom with seperate shower/bath and two toilets. It is possible to stay with 8  people at the same time. Children and animals are also welcome! The open kitchen has every thing you need, a microwave, oven, dishwasher, furnace, fridge, freezer, nespresso, kithen aid, washing machine. Groundfloor: livingroom, open kitchen, and acces to the garden with a little boat in the back garden.  1st floor: - Three childeren bedrooms, two rooms with a single half high bed and extra matrass and one room with a twin bed. In the center a playing room. Bathroom with seperate shower/bath and toile (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb) 2nd floor: - master bedroom with double bed and T (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Close to highways. Good and fast connection to the centre of Amste",,"Comfortable house in Amsterdam next to the “Amsterdamse Bos” (Forest). Garden at the back of the house, 3 floors.  Proffesional open kitchen with all the equipment you need, two large and two small bedrooms, 1 bathroom with seperate shower/bath and two toilets. It is possible to stay with 8  people at the same time. Children and animals are also welcome! The open kitchen has every thing you need, a microwave, oven, dishwasher, furnace, fridge, freezer, nespresso, kithen aid, washing machine. Groundfloor: livingroom, open kitchen, and acces to the garden with a little boat in the back garden.  1st floor: - Three childeren bedrooms, two rooms with a single half high bed and extra matrass and one room with a twin bed. In the center a playing room. Bathroom with seperate shower/bath and toile (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb) 2nd floor: - master bedroom with double bed and T (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Close to highways. Good and fast connection to the centre of Amste",,Just two minutes away is the busstop. The bus drives all night and to take you into the center of Amsterdam.,Please enjoy but no parties are allowed
