"This cozy, clean, comfortable & functional bedroom-studio-space with private bathroom & a kitchenette is part of our house, but you are totally private and do not share anything with us except our hallway and our entrance door. The area is known to be safe & quiet, with coffee places, shops and public transport around the corner. And since we live here, we will always be here to answer any questions you may have!","Private studio space with private bathroom and a kitchenette area in a safe, quiet and beautiful Amsterdam area. Located facing a green park with a playground, a tennis court and more. Since we live upstairs with our two small kids, we apologize in advance for potential noise you might hear - there might be early morning noise when we get the kids ready for daycare and school. We are very very sorry about this...","This cozy, clean, comfortable & functional bedroom-studio-space with private bathroom & a kitchenette is part of our house, but you are totally private and do not share anything with us except our hallway and our entrance door. The area is known to be safe & quiet, with coffee places, shops and public transport around the corner. And since we live here, we will always be here to answer any questions you may have! Private studio space with private bathroom and a kitchenette area in a safe, quiet and beautiful Amsterdam area. Located facing a green park with a playground, a tennis court and more. Since we live upstairs with our two small kids, we apologize in advance for potential noise you might hear - there might be early morning noise when we get the kids ready for daycare and school. We are very very sorry about this... You will have your own space with a private bathroom &  kitchenette, no need to share anything with us. The kitchenette is equipped with a stove-top, espresso machine","Known to be quiet family neighborhood, some nice coffee places, restaurants & bars. the Amstel river is a stone throw away. Well connected.","Only 3 tram stops  / 10 minutes away from the hip 'de pijp' neighborhood and close to the center. Well connected to various train stations in the neighborhood, amstel and rai / zuid","Smoking:  Please do not smoke inside. Lost keys:  The key is part of a certified lock set, in case you lose it we will have to charge you 60 euros to order a new copy from the supplier."
