"APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★PERFECT FOR COUPLES ★Buzzing Popular Area ""De Pijp""  ★NEAR CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★BALCONY ★Fast & Free WIFI","Located in the hart of De Pijp district. Tranquil yet around the corner of all that's hip and happening in the city.  My apartment is located on the second floor of the building. It has everything to make you feel at home.  The apartment is clean, spacious and neat. A real bed with fresh linens and clean towels for your convenience.  Unlimited high-speed wireless internet access throughout apartment.  There is a fully equipped kitchen and  bathroom with shower and toilet. The dining area, living room has comfortable seating and a balcony with bistro table and chairs for your enjoyment.","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★PERFECT FOR COUPLES ★Buzzing Popular Area ""De Pijp""  ★NEAR CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★BALCONY ★Fast & Free WIFI Located in the hart of De Pijp district. Tranquil yet around the corner of all that's hip and happening in the city.  My apartment is located on the second floor of the building. It has everything to make you feel at home.  The apartment is clean, spacious and neat. A real bed with fresh linens and clean towels for your convenience.  Unlimited high-speed wireless internet access throughout apartment.  There is a fully equipped kitchen and  bathroom with shower and toilet. The dining area, living room has comfortable seating and a balcony with bistro table and chairs for your enjoyment. Guests are invited to enjoy the whole apartment. Make yourself at home! If you have any questions about the apartment or if you need recommendations or neighborhood tips, please feel free to contact us during your stay.  We're always happy to help! Few places in","Few places in Amsterdam have undergone the transformation that de Pijp has in the last 20 years. Once considered a claustrophobic workers neighbourhood with small leaky houses, it’s now home to a multitude of creatives, young families and start ups and is absolutely exploding with the internationally oriented bars and restaurants to cater to them all with the Albert Cuyp (a seemingly never-ending street market) as the beating heart of it all. The area is intersected by the Ceintuurbaan, leaving its northern half with the charming Sarphatipark, and the southern part with its special Japanese shops and restaurants, crowned by the presence of the Okura hotel and its multiple (Japanese) Michelin starred restaurants.","When you come from Schiphol Airport, it's best to take the train to Utrecht and get off at trainstation Amsterdam RAI. From RAI take tramline 4 and get off at van woustraat. From here it's just a minutes walk!","House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
