"Central located, cozy apartment, walking distance from the Central Train station. You'll get at ease here in my cozy (40m2) apartment. It's a perfect place for your stay in Amsterdam. Ideal for 2 persons!","It's cosy, many windows, with a great view. It's my place where I really feel at home, and perfectly located to explore Amsterdam.  It's my whole apartment, incl. kitchen, bathroom with shower, living room. (40m2) The apartment is yours during your stay. If you would like me to show you around in Amsterdam (if I'm in town), I can show and recommend some great places.","Central located, cozy apartment, walking distance from the Central Train station. You'll get at ease here in my cozy (40m2) apartment. It's a perfect place for your stay in Amsterdam. Ideal for 2 persons! It's cosy, many windows, with a great view. It's my place where I really feel at home, and perfectly located to explore Amsterdam.  It's my whole apartment, incl. kitchen, bathroom with shower, living room. (40m2) The apartment is yours during your stay. If you would like me to show you around in Amsterdam (if I'm in town), I can show and recommend some great places. It's right in the centre, walking distance to all nice sightseeings. Although it is in the busy centre, my street and neighbourhood is relatively quiet. All public transport (tram, bus, metro, train, ferry) is around the corner at the Central Train Station, 2 min. walk. Or you can rent a bike at the Central Train Station. The city centre of Amsterdam is quite small, almost all sightseeing spots are within 30mins walk. The","It's right in the centre, walking distance to all nice sightseeings. Although it is in the busy centre, my street and neighbourhood is relatively quiet. All public transport (tram, bus, metro, train, ferry) is around the corner at the Central Train Station, 2 min. walk. Or you can rent a bike at the Central Train Station. The city centre of Amsterdam is quite small, almost all sightseeing spots are within 30mins walk.","The apartment is within 3-5 mins walk from the Amsterdam Central Station (Train, Bus, Tram, Metro)","The apartment is your home during your stay!  But do not make too much noise, I've neighbours! :) No smoking"
