"Cosy, light and well-decorated spot at the best location of Amsterdam!","This is a cosy and well decorated apartment at a great spot! We spent a lot of time in thinking of the perfect interior for this apartment. It is along the Amstel, only few minutes by bike from the city center. To us, the Amstel is the greatest spot to live, especially in summer. It is a little more quiet than in the heart of the center, but you can easily walk to the Utrechtsestraat (one of my favourite shopping/dining streets in Amsterdam). The apartment has free WIFI, a bath, two sunny balconies, a beautiful view, a lot of light and well located for public transport.  Our favourite coffee places in the neighbourhood are: Beter en Leuk ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) Coffee Bru ( (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Our favourite terrace in the neighbourhood is: De Ysbreeker along the Amstel ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) A great place for coffee, breakfast, lunch, drinks and dinner.  For real good parties, check out Trouw, which is literally 50 meter from our apartment: (Website hidden by Airbnb)","This is a cosy and well decorated apartment at a great spot! We spent a lot of time in thinking of the perfect interior for this apartment. It is along the Amstel, only few minutes by bike from the city center. To us, the Amstel is the greatest spot to live, especially in summer. It is a little more quiet than in the heart of the center, but you can easily walk to the Utrechtsestraat (one of my favourite shopping/dining streets in Amsterdam). The apartment has free WIFI, a bath, two sunny balconies, a beautiful view, a lot of light and well located for public transport.  Our favourite coffee places in the neighbourhood are: Beter en Leuk ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) Coffee Bru ( (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Our favourite terrace in the neighbourhood is: De Ysbreeker along the Amstel ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) A great place for coffee, breakfast, lunch, drinks and dinner.  For real good parties, check out Trouw, which is literally 50 meter from our apartment: (Website hidden by Airbnb)",The neighnoorhood gives you the ultimate summer holiday feeling. It is near the canal where people enjoy the sun. You can also swim in the canal. Next to that it is very close to the city center.,"The metro is literally twenty meters from the apartment. The tram is also around the corner, 3 minute walk.",Please keep in mind that we have neighbours that need to be respected. Smoking is allowed only with balcony doors open.
