cosy apartment (55m2) situated in the trendy area the Baarsjes/Oud-West.  The apartment is fully equipped and will definitely complete your stay in Amsterdam.,"cosy apartment (55m2) with balcony is situated on the second floor of an apartment block in the trendy area the Baarsjes/Oud-West.  The kitchen has a fridge/freezer, dishwasher, water boiler, nespresso machine with aerochino, combi-oven, blender. In the bathroom you will find a washing machine and the dryer. As well as a hairdryer for you to use.  The bedroom equipped with a very comfortable box spring bed (extra long) is light and has doors towards the cosy balcony.    Cable television and wifi internet is accessable for your use. The apartment is fully equipped and will definitely complete your stay in Amsterdam.","cosy apartment (55m2) situated in the trendy area the Baarsjes/Oud-West.  The apartment is fully equipped and will definitely complete your stay in Amsterdam. cosy apartment (55m2) with balcony is situated on the second floor of an apartment block in the trendy area the Baarsjes/Oud-West.  The kitchen has a fridge/freezer, dishwasher, water boiler, nespresso machine with aerochino, combi-oven, blender. In the bathroom you will find a washing machine and the dryer. As well as a hairdryer for you to use.  The bedroom equipped with a very comfortable box spring bed (extra long) is light and has doors towards the cosy balcony.    Cable television and wifi internet is accessable for your use. The apartment is fully equipped and will definitely complete your stay in Amsterdam. The multicultural yet young and trendy neighborhood not only offers a lot of different bars and restaurants with nice outside terraces to spend your evening, but also nice boutiques. With a couple of supermarkets just ","The multicultural yet young and trendy neighborhood not only offers a lot of different bars and restaurants with nice outside terraces to spend your evening, but also nice boutiques. With a couple of supermarkets just around the block, it is possible to do your last minute shopping until 10PM and even on Sundays.  The kostverlorenvaart (canal) right outside, gives an extra dimension the neighborhood because of the different boats/ships passing by.","It is possible to walk to the nine streets or Jordaan for example. If you want to get around by tram, you will find 4 tram lines within a 5 minute walk from the apartment that will take you in just a few minutes to the Dam (15 min.), Leidseplein (10 min.), Central Station (15 min), Vondelpark (10min.), Schiphol (25 min.; tram + train) or Jordaan (5 min). There is even a straight line that will take you to Artis, the Zoo, in only 20 minutes.  But the most fun way of getting around the city is by bike! There are many bike rentals around town and in the neighborhood.","This is a non-smoking apartment, so if you want to smoke, please step outside onto the balcony.  No partying allowed in the apartment.  All utilities can be used as long as this is done properly. Thank you for treating the apartment with respect."
