"Hi guests! Nice and cozy light apartment in central Amsterdam. This recently refurbished and modern apartment is light, well equipped and all you need for a nice stay in Amsterdam for 2 to max 4 people. The flat is around 42 square meters, with one bedroom with double bed, living room with large comfy sofa bed (for max 2 people), TV and dining table, fully equipped separate kitchen and a small bathroom with shower/wc. The flat has 2 balconies one French balcony in the front and a bigger one in the back Free WI-FI and cable TV available. The area:  Westerpark is a young and quite lively area, just 5 minutes from the famous Jordaan, 10 mins from Central Station and the rest of the centre of the city. The Westerpark is 5 minutes walk, and is great for outdoor activities during the day and nice restaurants and coffee places.  Public transport in the neighborhood:  BUS 21 Stops 2 minutes walking for my house and takes you to the Central Station. From there you can walk to the Dam square.  T","Hi guests! Nice and cozy light apartment in central Amsterdam. This recently refurbished and modern apartment is light, well equipped and all you need for a nice stay in Amsterdam for 2 to max 4 people. The flat is around 42 square meters, with one bedroom with double bed, living room with large comfy sofa bed (for max 2 people), TV and dining table, fully equipped separate kitchen and a small bathroom with shower/wc. The flat has 2 balconies one French balcony in the front and a bigger one in the back Free WI-FI and cable TV available. The area:  Westerpark is a young and quite lively area, just 5 minutes from the famous Jordaan, 10 mins from Central Station and the rest of the centre of the city. The Westerpark is 5 minutes walk, and is great for outdoor activities during the day and nice restaurants and coffee places.  Public transport in the neighborhood:  BUS 21 Stops 2 minutes walking for my house and takes you to the Central Station. From there you can walk to the Dam square.  T","Hi guests! Nice and cozy light apartment in central Amsterdam. This recently refurbished and modern apartment is light, well equipped and all you need for a nice stay in Amsterdam for 2 to max 4 people. The flat is around 42 square meters, with one bedroom with double bed, living room with large comfy sofa bed (for max 2 people), TV and dining table, fully equipped separate kitchen and a small bathroom with shower/wc. The flat has 2 balconies one French balcony in the front and a bigger one in the back Free WI-FI and cable TV available. The area:  Westerpark is a young and quite lively area, just 5 minutes from the famous Jordaan, 10 mins from Central Station and the rest of the centre of the city. The Westerpark is 5 minutes walk, and is great for outdoor activities during the day and nice restaurants and coffee places.  Public transport in the neighborhood:  BUS 21 Stops 2 minutes walking for my house and takes you to the Central Station. From there you can walk to the Dam square.  T",,,
