"This cosy - if simple - room is in a big (90sq.m.) apartment. The room has a futon bed, with fresh sheets and towels. There is a modern kitchen with all the necessary equipment, separate bathroom and toilet, and a small laundry room complete with washer, iron and ironing board. In the bathroom there are shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and body lotion available for guests.   The apartment is well located: outside the center but with excellent access to public transport.","This cosy - if simple - room is in a big (90sq.m.) apartment. The room has a futon bed, with fresh sheets and towels. There is a modern kitchen with all the necessary equipment, separate bathroom and toilet, and a small laundry room complete with washer, iron and ironing board. In the bathroom there are shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and body lotion available for guests.   The apartment is well located: outside the center but with excellent access to public transport: trams number 2, 1 and 17, metro line 50, and train station Amsterdam Lelylaan are all just within 3-5 min walk. Also the Schiphol airport is a 7 min train ride.  There are two big parks in the vicinity: the famous Vondelpark and the more relaxed Rembrandtpark. And there is a small park right in front of the house.  Contact me with any questions!","This cosy - if simple - room is in a big (90sq.m.) apartment. The room has a futon bed, with fresh sheets and towels. There is a modern kitchen with all the necessary equipment, separate bathroom and toilet, and a small laundry room complete with washer, iron and ironing board. In the bathroom there are shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and body lotion available for guests.   The apartment is well located: outside the center but with excellent access to public transport. This cosy - if simple - room is in a big (90sq.m.) apartment. The room has a futon bed, with fresh sheets and towels. There is a modern kitchen with all the necessary equipment, separate bathroom and toilet, and a small laundry room complete with washer, iron and ironing board. In the bathroom there are shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and body lotion available for guests.   The apartment is well located: outside the center but with excellent access to public transport: trams number 2, 1 and 17, metro line 50, and tra","We have a nice relaxed neighborhood. Guests can relax from the hustling and bustling center. There is a small park right in front of the building, with swings.","All major modes of public transit are within 5 min walk from the house: train station, metro, trams, and buses. The airport is 12 minutes away from the house, by train. Central station - 15 min by train.","There are not that many house rules except we do not welcome drugs and heavy alcohol use at our home. Also, no smoking in the room, but on the balcony."
