Our lovely and arty city apartment with garden is a great place to explore Amsterdam from. It is located near the heart of the city center in a quiet street. Enjoy your breakfast in the garden or in one of the local teahouses nearby. ,"THE APARTMENT It's a one bedroom apartment perfect for 2 people. The apartment is fully equipped with a TV, Apple TV to play music from your Iphone, wireless internet, washing-machine, dishwasher and many kitchen equipments are available as I love to cook myself. It has a seperate bedroom with a large double bed (160X200). In the living room you will find a large wooden dining table, the couch and my homemade wine box wall unit. Through the living room you have acces to the garden via a double door. The garden in on the south, so there is sun from 11 to 6 o'clock.  THE NEIGHBOURHOOD  The apartment, located in the neighbourhood 'The Pijp' in Amsterdam is a modern, cosy, clean and a wonderful place to stay. The apartment gives you all the benefits of staying in a vibrant city: close to many attractions but situated in a quiet, safe and pleasant street. The apartment is situated near the Museum Square, Van Gogh Museum, Heineken Museum, Vondelpark, ‘de Pijp’, Albert Cuyp Market and the jus","Our lovely and arty city apartment with garden is a great place to explore Amsterdam from. It is located near the heart of the city center in a quiet street. Enjoy your breakfast in the garden or in one of the local teahouses nearby.  THE APARTMENT It's a one bedroom apartment perfect for 2 people. The apartment is fully equipped with a TV, Apple TV to play music from your Iphone, wireless internet, washing-machine, dishwasher and many kitchen equipments are available as I love to cook myself. It has a seperate bedroom with a large double bed (160X200). In the living room you will find a large wooden dining table, the couch and my homemade wine box wall unit. Through the living room you have acces to the garden via a double door. The garden in on the south, so there is sun from 11 to 6 o'clock.  THE NEIGHBOURHOOD  The apartment, located in the neighbourhood 'The Pijp' in Amsterdam is a modern, cosy, clean and a wonderful place to stay. The apartment gives you all the benefits of stayin",,,"HOUSERULES We trust you to behave normal and responsibly as you would do in your own home.  - Please keep the music down - No smoking inside - Please respect our neighbours, especially when your sitting in the garden - Always lock the doors  - And please feel free to water the herbs garden and cook some nice meals with it."
