"Lovely, cosy,  recently remodeled room, in a spacious and typical Amsterdam appartment.  The house is located in a quiet neighbourhood at the square where Anne Frank grew up, and near RAI. Trams and busses within 150 meter; very easy to get to centre, train and airport. My appartment has 2 bedrooms,  a kitchen, a bathroom,  a living room, an office and a cat called Teun. The kitchen and the bathroom will be shared with me when i'm home. If i'm away it would be great if you can feed the cat.","My appartment has 2 bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom, a kitchen and a storage. You will have exclusive access to the living room and your own bedroom of course. The kitchen and the bathroom will be shared with me.  The kitchen has a balcony on which you are allowed to smoke. If you have any question or need some tips for the city, feel free to ask me :)","Lovely, cosy,  recently remodeled room, in a spacious and typical Amsterdam appartment.  The house is located in a quiet neighbourhood at the square where Anne Frank grew up, and near RAI. Trams and busses within 150 meter; very easy to get to centre, train and airport. My appartment has 2 bedrooms,  a kitchen, a bathroom,  a living room, an office and a cat called Teun. The kitchen and the bathroom will be shared with me when i'm home. If i'm away it would be great if you can feed the cat. My appartment has 2 bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom, a kitchen and a storage. You will have exclusive access to the living room and your own bedroom of course. The kitchen and the bathroom will be shared with me.  The kitchen has a balcony on which you are allowed to smoke. If you have any question or need some tips for the city, feel free to ask me :)",,,"- No smoking in the house. You can smoke on the balcony, which is connected to the kitchen.  - You will be sharing the kitchen, living room and bathroom with me :) Feel free to use anything that is in the kitchen (tea, coffee, bread, herbs, oil etc.) Please buy new if you finish something. - Don't feed the cat! Teun is always hungry so don't fall for his begging eyes :)"
