"Welcome in our loft in the city centre of Amsterdam, just around the corner of Dam Square. We love it because it is spacious with a bright living room, open plan, fully equipped kitchen, the bathroom with jacuzzi and walk in shower, the large double-bedroom and last but not least the rooftop terrace! Relax after a long day on the comfortable sofa, watch your favorite movie on our HDTV with hdmi cable for Ipad. Listen to music on our stereo with audiojack. Amsterdam at your doorstep! Enjoy!","The space: The apartment has a spacious living room with 4 large windows providing a nice light space. The kitchen contains a fridge, dishwasher, oven and stove and Nespresso coffee machine. The bedroom has a double bed, and closet for your clothes. The bedroom opens up to the rooftop terrace. There is an extra air mattress available if needed for a child.   The bathroom includes a shower, bath (with Jacuzzi). The toilet is located in a separate room. The following is also provided: -    Towels and linens -    Free WIFI -    DVD + TV","Welcome in our loft in the city centre of Amsterdam, just around the corner of Dam Square. We love it because it is spacious with a bright living room, open plan, fully equipped kitchen, the bathroom with jacuzzi and walk in shower, the large double-bedroom and last but not least the rooftop terrace! Relax after a long day on the comfortable sofa, watch your favorite movie on our HDTV with hdmi cable for Ipad. Listen to music on our stereo with audiojack. Amsterdam at your doorstep! Enjoy! The space: The apartment has a spacious living room with 4 large windows providing a nice light space. The kitchen contains a fridge, dishwasher, oven and stove and Nespresso coffee machine. The bedroom has a double bed, and closet for your clothes. The bedroom opens up to the rooftop terrace. There is an extra air mattress available if needed for a child.   The bathroom includes a shower, bath (with Jacuzzi). The toilet is located in a separate room. The following is also provided: -    Towels and l","The neighboorhood is located smack in the center of Amsterdam. This means it is only a short walk to tourist attractions such as the dam square, the canals. It's only a 5 min walk to central station, making it easliy accessible. The nine streets, the quaint shopping district of Amsterdam is around the corner. Trams taking you to other tourist attractions (in about 10 minutes) such as the Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum are also very nearby. Bike and scooter rental are right next door.","Trams and busses are a minute walk away. The following trams and busses stop in front. Trams: 1,2,5,13,17 Busses: (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)  A five minute walk takes you to Damrak which more trams and busses stop: Trams: 4,9,16,24 Busses: 755,757 Amsterdam Central Station is only a 5 minute walk from the apartment. From there, you can take the train or metro anywhere you want. Parking is difficult as the apartment couldn't be more central. There is always parking available in front, and in the parking garages about a minute away. Only problem is that these are mostly very expensive. If you take the car to Amsterdam, I would always park outside the city center in spots that don't charge money or at a P+R. It's easy to take the tram/metro to our apartment from there.","Clean, neat guests. If you would like to rent our apartment with more than 2 guests, let us know so we can prepare the inflatable bed and/or the couch for you."
