"A comfortable and cosy apartment in the popular (but quiet) Westerpark area. Suited for a couple/2 or 3 people. Close to the highly cultural and festive Westerpark. Walking distance from the city centre, but also perfect connections by tram and bus.",Authentic apartment in popular Westerpark area close to the highly cultural and dynamic Westerpark.,"A comfortable and cosy apartment in the popular (but quiet) Westerpark area. Suited for a couple/2 or 3 people. Close to the highly cultural and festive Westerpark. Walking distance from the city centre, but also perfect connections by tram and bus. Authentic apartment in popular Westerpark area close to the highly cultural and dynamic Westerpark. Appartement voor 2 personen. 1e etage - prima bereikbaar via trap - geen lift Gezellige woonkamer. Keuken met koelkast, diepvries en afwasmachine. Flatscreen televisie met internet connectie. Internet /wifi Slaapkamer met tweepersoonsbed: 1.60 : 2.00 m. Persoonlijke ontvangst of sleutels op een locatie vlakbij ophalen. Indien gewenst heb ik tips en kan ik u wegwijs maken. Telefonisch bereikbaar tijdens verblijf. The neighbourhood is quiet. Because it's close to the Westerpark it is a popular and dynamic area. Lots of things to do and see, just around the corner. Really nice! There's also a really sweet Art Deco Turkish fruit and vegetable sto","The neighbourhood is quiet. Because it's close to the Westerpark it is a popular and dynamic area. Lots of things to do and see, just around the corner. Really nice! There's also a really sweet Art Deco Turkish fruit and vegetable store in the street. It's often used as a film or commercial set.","Perfect connection around the corner by tram (nr 10) to all city area's like the Leidse plein, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum and Albert Kuijp market. But also a nice walking distance from the Jordaan area, Noordermarkt, Central station and the canals. Beautiful route!",Keep things neat and be respectful to property. Also mind the neighbours when for example coming home late or playing loud music.  Smoking allowed on French balcony and balcony in the back. Not inside.
