,"In the quiett area of the Pijp just near the Heinikenplein and Albert Cuip market, 500 meters from the canal belt, and 10 mins walk from Museum plein.  Apartment is available until middle of June, dates can be flexible and discussed - please contact with questions. Cable TV and wireless internet in place.  Beautiful, well maintained two bedroom ground floor 72 sq meters apartment, fully furnished, which was recently renovated.  The apartment has a large living + dining room and a fully equipped kitchen, including a sofa bed - ideal for guests . Two fully furnished befrooms, and a sofa bed in the living room. Large bathroom which was specifically renovated with a new bathtub and separate shower. Additionally there is a separate toilet, a small service room for laundry with new washer and a drier. In the back of the apartment there is a small yard. Fully equipped for everything you need! Dedicated property manager professional in available for any maintenance related matter, 24/7","In the quiett area of the Pijp just near the Heinikenplein and Albert Cuip market, 500 meters from the canal belt, and 10 mins walk from Museum plein.  Apartment is available until middle of June, dates can be flexible and discussed - please contact with questions. Cable TV and wireless internet in place.  Beautiful, well maintained two bedroom ground floor 72 sq meters apartment, fully furnished, which was recently renovated.  The apartment has a large living + dining room and a fully equipped kitchen, including a sofa bed - ideal for guests . Two fully furnished befrooms, and a sofa bed in the living room. Large bathroom which was specifically renovated with a new bathtub and separate shower. Additionally there is a separate toilet, a small service room for laundry with new washer and a drier. In the back of the apartment there is a small yard. Fully equipped for everything you need! Dedicated property manager professional in available for any maintenance related matter, 24/7",,,"No smoking inside the apartment PLEASE!  There is a small yard in the back, please use it. Only tenants who are committed to treat the place like its their own. The apartment is usually used by permanent tenants and is in good shape - we want to keep it that way :-)"
