"Cosy apartment with all mod cons located in the charming Jordaan area. 5-10 minutes walking distance to the Anne Frank house and the 9 Streets. It comfortably fits four persons. Cafes, restaurants and public transport just around the corner.","The apartment has a cosy and light living area, a kitchen with microwave oven, fridge/freezer, washer/dryer, pots, pans and cutlery, a separate bedroom and bathroom. The apartment can comfortably sleep up to 4 persons as the sofa in the living room converts easily into a double bed. Fast wireless internet, cable TV and stereo are also available in the apartment. This apartment is located on a quiet street in a friendly neighbourhood, within 5-10 minutes walking distance to attractions, such as the Anne Frank house and the 9 Streets (the nine cosy and picturesque shopping streets in the Unesco Heritage listed Amsterdam Canal Belt). There are lots of nice cafes, bars and restaurants scattered around the area, and if you still feel peckish at night, there is a really nice late night shop about 5 minutes away. The Dam and Leidseplein is also within walking distance. Alternatively you can take the public transport which stops around the corner from the apartment. Here you can take multiple ","Cosy apartment with all mod cons located in the charming Jordaan area. 5-10 minutes walking distance to the Anne Frank house and the 9 Streets. It comfortably fits four persons. Cafes, restaurants and public transport just around the corner. The apartment has a cosy and light living area, a kitchen with microwave oven, fridge/freezer, washer/dryer, pots, pans and cutlery, a separate bedroom and bathroom. The apartment can comfortably sleep up to 4 persons as the sofa in the living room converts easily into a double bed. Fast wireless internet, cable TV and stereo are also available in the apartment. This apartment is located on a quiet street in a friendly neighbourhood, within 5-10 minutes walking distance to attractions, such as the Anne Frank house and the 9 Streets (the nine cosy and picturesque shopping streets in the Unesco Heritage listed Amsterdam Canal Belt). There are lots of nice cafes, bars and restaurants scattered around the area, and if you still feel peckish at night, t","Nearest attractions: - Anne Frank House - 5 mins walk - 9 Straatjes - 5 mins walk - Westerkerk - 5 mins walk - Dam Square - 15 mins walk - Leidseplein - 15 mins walk - Rembrandtplein - 10 mins by tram - Amsterdam Central Station - 10 mins by tram/bus - Museumplein (Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum) - 10 mins by bus - Artis Zoo - 15 mins by tram - Schiphol Airport - 35 mins by bus (from a special bus stop 10 mins walk away) Nearest supermarkets: - Sterk (late night) - 2 mins - Albert Heijn - 10 mins  Amsterdam markets: - Albert Cuypmarkt - Amsterdam’s largest and busiest market Speciality: General goods, food produce, exotic herbs and spices  Open: Monday - Saturday 9.30 am - 5.00 pm - Flower Market - The only floating flower market in the world Speciality: Flowers, seeds, bulbs and rare flowers such as black tulips Open: Monday - Saturday 9.30 am - 5.00 pm - Farmer's Market, Noordermarkt - Biological Fresh Food Market. The most popular Amsterdam market at the moment.  Speciality: Mushrooms","Nearest public transport: 200m Trams: 10, 13, 14, 17 Buses: (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)  Parking:  - Off-street parking with a meter - Nearest car park: Europarking 500m - Park&Ride facility: Bos & Lommerplein, directly accessible via tram 14.",No smoking. No pets. Respect the neighbours. Please specify arrival time so that someone can be there to greet you.
