"Complete and light apartment with roof terrace in Amsterdam South, within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark! In 10 mins by tram you're in the city centre (tramstation is 100 meters from my apartment). The apartment have an luxury bathroom with a big rainshower and a complete kitchen with a good coffeemachine :) The bedroom have a big kingsize bed.","Complete and light apartment for 2 persons in Amsterdam South, within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark and a tram stop in 100 meters with direct connection to the City Center, Central Station, Museum Square and the exclusive PC Hooft shopping street. The apartment is clean with a lot of natural light, a big roof terrace and a balcony. The back side (where the sleeping room is located), is very quiet and peaceful. Complete apartment with:  Your own fully equipped kitchen, big and light living room, one bedroom at the peaceful backside with king size double bed, luxury bathroom with a big rainshower, your own big sunny roof terrace where you can sit and relax after a day in the city. Including:  - WiFi Internet access  - Widescreen TV  - Washing machine/ Dryer - Dishwasher  - Fridge-Freezer  - Microwave/Oven  - Bed- linen and towels  I will be there at your arrival to welcome you and tell you everything about Amsterdam, the apartment and the neighborhood.","Complete and light apartment with roof terrace in Amsterdam South, within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark! In 10 mins by tram you're in the city centre (tramstation is 100 meters from my apartment). The apartment have an luxury bathroom with a big rainshower and a complete kitchen with a good coffeemachine :) The bedroom have a big kingsize bed. Complete and light apartment for 2 persons in Amsterdam South, within walking distance of the famous Vondelpark and a tram stop in 100 meters with direct connection to the City Center, Central Station, Museum Square and the exclusive PC Hooft shopping street. The apartment is clean with a lot of natural light, a big roof terrace and a balcony. The back side (where the sleeping room is located), is very quiet and peaceful. Complete apartment with:  Your own fully equipped kitchen, big and light living room, one bedroom at the peaceful backside with king size double bed, luxury bathroom with a big rainshower, your own big sunny roof ter","The Hoofddorpplein neighbourhood is a relax neighbourhood with a good atmosphere lying in Amsterdam-South. The supermarket is just around the corner and there are several ATM's in the neighborhood.  A 10 minute walk to the famous Vondelpark where you can relax, enjoy a picknick (as all the locals do immediately when the sun starts to shine), run, roller blade, or just walking around. Just 100 meters away from a direct tram stop to the city center, museum square and central station. Schiphol airport is about 15 min drive.",,"Please be carefull with our appartment. There are no pets aloud.  Smoking is prohibited inside, but the balcony in the back, makes smoking outside possible!"
