"Double bed guest room in Amsterdam West near Erasmuspark and not far from city center and Jordan district. Tram lines are just out of the door. Be aware this is a room and not the entire apartment. A cat lives here as well. No smokers only. Please check carefully house rules before booking, and house manual and itinerary after booking. Also be aware you must have reviews from previous Airbnb hosts and it is required to speak English.","Cosy guest room with double bed in a flat in Amsterdam West, near the pretty Erasmus Park, not in the center but very close, 15 minutes by tram/bus from/to DAM and Central Station. 20 minutes walking to Jordaan district, home to many art galleries, particularly for modern art, and is also dotted with speciality shops and restaurants, is very closed. There are also some pretty good restaurants and caaffés in the neighborhood. Tram and bus lines are just out of the door, n. 14 to Jordaan (10 min), Dam (15 min) and Amsterdam Oost, n. 12 to Vondelpark (10min), Museumplein (15 min) and Sloterdijk (8 min, connection to Schiphol airport), n. 13 to Central Station (20 min). The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a typical Amsterdam building with a typical steep Amsterdam staircase, be aware of that when coming with big suitcases. Check-in between 18.00 and 22.00, check-out before 12.00 am. I live in the flat, bathroom is shared with me and eventually other guests. Small breakfast is available in","Double bed guest room in Amsterdam West near Erasmuspark and not far from city center and Jordan district. Tram lines are just out of the door. Be aware this is a room and not the entire apartment. A cat lives here as well. No smokers only. Please check carefully house rules before booking, and house manual and itinerary after booking. Also be aware you must have reviews from previous Airbnb hosts and it is required to speak English. Cosy guest room with double bed in a flat in Amsterdam West, near the pretty Erasmus Park, not in the center but very close, 15 minutes by tram/bus from/to DAM and Central Station. 20 minutes walking to Jordaan district, home to many art galleries, particularly for modern art, and is also dotted with speciality shops and restaurants, is very closed. There are also some pretty good restaurants and caaffés in the neighborhood. Tram and bus lines are just out of the door, n. 14 to Jordaan (10 min), Dam (15 min) and Amsterdam Oost, n. 12 to Vondelpark (10min),","The listing is located in Amsterdam west, between Bos en Lommer and De Baarsjes, few minutes from the pretty Erasmuspark and 15 minutes walking from Jordaan district. There are restaurants and cafes in the neighbourhood, including ""Bagel and Beans"" just a few minutes away.","Main tram/bus lines connecting to the city center and main train stations (in 10-20 minutes) are just out of the door, walking to the center is also possible, it takes 20/30 minutes.","Check-in is between 18.00 and 22.00, check-out before 11.00 am. I'm allergic to smoke, SMOKING IS ABSOLUTELY NOT ALLOWED, not even smoking at the window or bringing home drugs. Living room and kitchen can be used from 8.00 till 21.00. Kitchen is available for quick meals like salads, sandwiches, toasties, etc.; cooking is not allowed. Bathroom: please be swift, especially during rush hours, other guests may need to use the bathroom.  Please be conscious with the water consumption, save water = save life :-) Please no noise/laud talking after 22.00, other guests or neighbours may be sleeping. Also try to avoid showers after midnight if possible. Please keep the shared facilities (kitchen/shower/living) clean and tidy after using them. Washing machine and dryer are available during day time, cost is 6€ per wash, including the soap. Please keep bathroom available between 7.00 and 8.00am on working days."
