"Cosy apartment situated in trendy area with nice restaurants, shops and coffee houses.  City centre, Vondelpark and musea (e.g. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk) at walking distance. Easily to be reached by public transport from Schiphol Airport.","Cosy two-room apartment with open kitchen and sunny balcony at 10 min. walk from the Amsterdam Vondelpark. Bathroom with shower, watercloset and wash-basin.  The apartment will be completely yours, because I will be away during your presence.","Cosy apartment situated in trendy area with nice restaurants, shops and coffee houses.  City centre, Vondelpark and musea (e.g. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk) at walking distance. Easily to be reached by public transport from Schiphol Airport. Cosy two-room apartment with open kitchen and sunny balcony at 10 min. walk from the Amsterdam Vondelpark. Bathroom with shower, watercloset and wash-basin.  The apartment will be completely yours, because I will be away during your presence. I will be available by mobile; you will find information and instructions in a map; I will personally hand over the key to you Situated in a trendy neighbourhood with good restaurants, pubs and a well-assorted supermarket. At 5 min. walk from the Vondelpark, 15-20 min. from the Leidseplein and musea. Public transport 5 min. walk, as well as bike rental. On arrival you can take the train from Schiphol Airport to Amsterdam Central Station. Here you take tram 1, and alight at stop J.P. Heije straat, about 20","Situated in a trendy neighbourhood with good restaurants, pubs and a well-assorted supermarket. At 5 min. walk from the Vondelpark, 15-20 min. from the Leidseplein and musea. Public transport 5 min. walk, as well as bike rental.","On arrival you can take the train from Schiphol Airport to Amsterdam Central Station. Here you take tram 1, and alight at stop J.P. Heije straat, about 20 minutes. At the traffic light you turn, to the right, this is the J.P. Heije straat, a street with many shops, restaurants. Than take 4th street to the left, this street is called Kanaalstraat, the first crossing is with Staringstraat, turn little bit to the right, and you will see nr. 12, push the lowest bell: II  Jan.",-smoking only permitted on the balcony -no pets
