,"Hello there! If you are looking for a nice, cosy and quiet place to stay yet want to be close to the Amsterdam center, read on :) My apartment: A light apartment which is often described by visitors as 'gezellig', a Dutch word best translated as cosy. There's a double box spring bedroom with access to the balcony. Also a separate simple guest bed is available. The luxurious kitchen (with microwave/oven, dishwasher, stove, fridge/freezer and washing machine) has a table and also gives access to the balcony, which is ideal for a nice outside breakfast or a late night wine! In the living room there's a table, couch, TV (you can connect your laptop and Netflix is available through Apple TV), DVD, stereo (with Airplay), piano and a little desk. The bathroom is small but comfortable with a shower, sink and toilet. There is an iron and a hair dryer. Towels and linen are included. Reliable WIFI is available. The area: 'The Baarsjes' and is a trendy area with excellent restaurants and bars such","Hello there! If you are looking for a nice, cosy and quiet place to stay yet want to be close to the Amsterdam center, read on :) My apartment: A light apartment which is often described by visitors as 'gezellig', a Dutch word best translated as cosy. There's a double box spring bedroom with access to the balcony. Also a separate simple guest bed is available. The luxurious kitchen (with microwave/oven, dishwasher, stove, fridge/freezer and washing machine) has a table and also gives access to the balcony, which is ideal for a nice outside breakfast or a late night wine! In the living room there's a table, couch, TV (you can connect your laptop and Netflix is available through Apple TV), DVD, stereo (with Airplay), piano and a little desk. The bathroom is small but comfortable with a shower, sink and toilet. There is an iron and a hair dryer. Towels and linen are included. Reliable WIFI is available. The area: 'The Baarsjes' and is a trendy area with excellent restaurants and bars such",,,
