"This appartment is situated in a great area on the ground floor and has a large and sunny garden, situated on the South. It is most suitable 2 or 4 persons, we have one double bed in the livingroom and one inflatable aerobed (double).",You will have access to a bright renovated ground floor 60 sq meters appartment. It is possible to place a double aerobed in the living room to create a place for 4 persons.,"This appartment is situated in a great area on the ground floor and has a large and sunny garden, situated on the South. It is most suitable 2 or 4 persons, we have one double bed in the livingroom and one inflatable aerobed (double). You will have access to a bright renovated ground floor 60 sq meters appartment. It is possible to place a double aerobed in the living room to create a place for 4 persons. We have a living room on the side of the sunny garden (100 sq m) where you can open the doors for a breeze. There is large open and fully equipped kitchen in the living room with a stove, dishwasher and microwave. The kitchen offers everything you need to prepare a good meal. My boyfriend is a cook so I am sure you will like the variety of spices, vinegar, materials etc. We have a modern bathroom (great long hot showers) and separated  toilet. There is a large TV (cable) in the living room, a sofa and dining table. We have an adjustable playpen and child chair in the living room, but ","The neighborhood 'De Baarsjes' is a nice and quiet area. It's close to the city center, the Vondelpark and the Jordaan. It’s an area that’s upcoming and becoming more and more popular for young Amsterdam people to reside and restaurants to open. You will not find many tourists or crowds here.","Trams 12, 13 or 19 will bring you almost everywhere directly. The Amsterdam hotspots are easy to access by bike or public transport. There is a tram stop just around the corner.  The popular and typical Dutch neighborhood the 'Jordaan' is only 10 minutes away. The center of Amsterdam the 'Dam square' only 15 minutes away.","Free WIFI available  BBQ You can use our BBQ in the garden. Smoking You can smoke in the garden, not inside the house as we have a little kid."
