"Apartment is for rent for 2 people, preferably for 2 or 3 weeks!","Spacious apartment with two bedrooms, livingroom, small kitchen and shower in Amsterdam. Everything you need is there, the style of the place is a bit of everything..cosy but not messy and light colours. I really enjoy living in my apartment, the place and neighboorhood.. You can expect an apartment that is furnitured and personally decorated (that means you can use the herbs in the kitchen, enjoy the pictures on the wall and play CD's if you like!).  Located in Amsterdam West, in de 'Baarsjes' area, one of the upcoming neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Close to the Vondelpark and 10 minutes from the Leidseplein in the centre. The street is a big street with a supermarket and shops, and the multicultural heritage of the area is notable by the diversity of the shops (an indian restaurant, ethnic giftshop and a fancy bar up the road).There are trams running to the centre and Central Station, so moving around is very easy.  You will love staying here if you like to experience Amsterdam as a loc","Apartment is for rent for 2 people, preferably for 2 or 3 weeks! Spacious apartment with two bedrooms, livingroom, small kitchen and shower in Amsterdam. Everything you need is there, the style of the place is a bit of everything..cosy but not messy and light colours. I really enjoy living in my apartment, the place and neighboorhood.. You can expect an apartment that is furnitured and personally decorated (that means you can use the herbs in the kitchen, enjoy the pictures on the wall and play CD's if you like!).  Located in Amsterdam West, in de 'Baarsjes' area, one of the upcoming neighborhoods in Amsterdam. Close to the Vondelpark and 10 minutes from the Leidseplein in the centre. The street is a big street with a supermarket and shops, and the multicultural heritage of the area is notable by the diversity of the shops (an indian restaurant, ethnic giftshop and a fancy bar up the road).There are trams running to the centre and Central Station, so moving around is very easy.  You wi",,,"No smoking inside and if you break something, just tell it! Otherwise, no rules :)"
