"My cosy en warm apartment (60m2) is located on a 10 minutes relaxed Amsterdam-style cycle to Dam Square and to the Museum square/plein. It's located between the hip & happening Amsterdam Pijp and the equally Urban/Berlin style hip 'Amsterdam Oost'. The subway is only a 3 minutes walk, the nearest train station is a 10 minutes walk. Around the corner there are lots of nice restaurants, I love to inform you about the restaurants, so if you like to go out just drop a note.","The apartment itself has been re-done 4 years ago. I love old markets and behind every decoration peace is a story. So no standard Ikea home, but a cozy homely place whit with a king-size double bed. In the second bedroom there is also a double bed.  The apartment has a bathroom and a separate toilet. The living room has a nice big comfy sofa and a dinner table for 6 persons. The kitchen is separately in between the 2 bedrooms, so that gives some privacy. The kitchen is fully equipped.","My cosy en warm apartment (60m2) is located on a 10 minutes relaxed Amsterdam-style cycle to Dam Square and to the Museum square/plein. It's located between the hip & happening Amsterdam Pijp and the equally Urban/Berlin style hip 'Amsterdam Oost'. The subway is only a 3 minutes walk, the nearest train station is a 10 minutes walk. Around the corner there are lots of nice restaurants, I love to inform you about the restaurants, so if you like to go out just drop a note. The apartment itself has been re-done 4 years ago. I love old markets and behind every decoration peace is a story. So no standard Ikea home, but a cozy homely place whit with a king-size double bed. In the second bedroom there is also a double bed.  The apartment has a bathroom and a separate toilet. The living room has a nice big comfy sofa and a dinner table for 6 persons. The kitchen is separately in between the 2 bedrooms, so that gives some privacy. The kitchen is fully equipped.",,"Location - getting there and around.   The apartment is located 2 minutes fromthe Amstel River, a 5 minutes walk to the Oosterpark, and just 10/12 minutes cycle to the Nieuwmarkt/DamSquare. There is a supermarket (Albert Heijn) on 3 minutes walking that is open 7 days per week, from 8 in the morning to 10 at night. There are several excellent restaurants, bars and some of Amsterdam hippest clubs located around the corner on walking distance. (For example cafe/bar/restaurant  Rijsel, Baut, French restaurant Bidou, restaurant/winebar Cafvino, Restaurant Michel-In, club/restaurant Canvas, club/restaurant/bar Hotel Arena, Restaurant Dauphine, Restaurant De Kast) and many, many more. The nearest train station is Amstel Station (5 minutes cycling) and the nearest metro station is 'Wibautstraat', about a 2 minute walk.",HOUSE RULES  1- The houses in Amsterdam are really old so are not isolated very well. Please don’t make to much noise at night to not disturb the neighbours. 2- Please take off your shoes as you enter the apartment.  3- No extra guests or loud music after 10 pm.  4- Please don’t smoke inside.  5- Please leave the apartment as you found it.
