"A sweet 2 bedroom apartment in Amsterdam near the Westerpark:  cozy and children friendly! The apartment is situated in the quite neighborhood Bos en Lommer and is well connected to the city center: a 15 minutes bike ride or 20 minutes tram or bus trip will bring you to the heart of down town. Our cat is visiting the apartment every two weeks, so please keep that in mind in case you are highly allergic! If you have any questions, don't hesitate to get in touch :)","There are two bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom with a small bath and a kitchen with a balcony.  The master bedroom has a comfortable double bed.  The second room has a single top bunk bed. The kitchen is fully kitted out and the living spaces are cosy and homey. The apartment lies close to Westerpark, which has some lovely walks throughout the year.  It is also close to bus and tram stops that take you into the heart of the city, as well as being not far from Sloterdijk train station where you can get a train to schiphol airport or other Dutch cities.  ","A sweet 2 bedroom apartment in Amsterdam near the Westerpark:  cozy and children friendly! The apartment is situated in the quite neighborhood Bos en Lommer and is well connected to the city center: a 15 minutes bike ride or 20 minutes tram or bus trip will bring you to the heart of down town. Our cat is visiting the apartment every two weeks, so please keep that in mind in case you are highly allergic! If you have any questions, don't hesitate to get in touch :) There are two bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom with a small bath and a kitchen with a balcony.  The master bedroom has a comfortable double bed.  The second room has a single top bunk bed. The kitchen is fully kitted out and the living spaces are cosy and homey. The apartment lies close to Westerpark, which has some lovely walks throughout the year.  It is also close to bus and tram stops that take you into the heart of the city, as well as being not far from Sloterdijk train station where you can get a train to schiphol ai",,"Bus 21 to central station, tram 14 to dam square, tram 12 to leidseplein and more!",-  This is our home where we live and love: please be kind and respectful to the property and our belongings. - smoking is allowed ONLY on the balcony. - Cats live in our home on and off (but not during your stay). Please be mindful of that in case you have cat allergy!
