"The apartment is at walking distance of the centre, on the corner you will find the beautiful Vondelpark. In the immediate vicinity you will find public transport, a supermarket and very nice restaurants.","It's a beautiful light private bedroom on the third floor with a balcony. There is a shared bathroom with toilet, washingmachine and dryer. The kitchen includes a fridge with freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, kettle and a nespresso machine with delicious coffee! In the living area there's a big sofa, dining table and a 42 inch television, there also is a balcony and ofcourse free WIFI.","The apartment is at walking distance of the centre, on the corner you will find the beautiful Vondelpark. In the immediate vicinity you will find public transport, a supermarket and very nice restaurants. It's a beautiful light private bedroom on the third floor with a balcony. There is a shared bathroom with toilet, washingmachine and dryer. The kitchen includes a fridge with freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, kettle and a nespresso machine with delicious coffee! In the living area there's a big sofa, dining table and a 42 inch television, there also is a balcony and ofcourse free WIFI. You can use everything in the house except the upper floor. That is where my girlfriend and I are staying During your stay we will be there as well. From monday till friday we are working during the day. If we are not here, we are always able to answer questions over the phone! It's a quiet street with young nice people. The street is adjacent to the Overtoom, Jan Pieter Heijestraat and the kinkerst","It's a quiet street with young nice people. The street is adjacent to the Overtoom, Jan Pieter Heijestraat and the kinkerstraat. In these streets you have a lot of shops and nice restaurants where you definitely should go to.  The apartment is close to the Vondelpark, Leidseplein,  museums and other current events.","On the overtoom you will find tram 1, that one will go through the Leidseplein and the damsquare all the way to Central Station and back. On the Kinkerstraat you'll find tram 7 and 17, these will also come to the central station but by a different route. Abel is a taxi service for a low price if you download the app you can fill in this promotion code: pvg7 (you'll get a free ride until €12,50). You can also take a regular cab but that will cost you €35 till €40.","You can smoke cigarettes, but only on the balconies, if you want to smoke weed you have to do it downstairs outside the house. If needed we can charge cleaning costs Drugs and pets are not allowed. If you lose the key we'll charge €50. It's not allowed to invite other people in the apartment."
