"We offer a two room apartment in De Jordaan - the most popular neighborhood of the historical Amsterdam city center. We're within walking distance from the canals. Even though you're a minute away from the city buzz, our street is nice and quiet.","We live in De Jordaan, which is known as the most romantic and popular neighborhood because of its narrow streets and shallow houses. Everything is close by, the following are walking distances: Canals (0 minutes) Anne Frank House (5 minutes) Dam Square (10 minutes)  Central Station (10 minutes) Flower Market (15 minutes) Museum District (20 minutes - just take a tram or bus at the stop close by) We offer a lighty two room apartment. You wake up every morning seeing the old fashioned stained glass windows. You'll be able to cook your own meals, have breakfast on our cosy balcony (sunny mornings!) and visit the old market at the end of our street on Saturday and Monday. There's also a spacious bathroom - which is quite uncommon in this part of the city due to lack of space.","We offer a two room apartment in De Jordaan - the most popular neighborhood of the historical Amsterdam city center. We're within walking distance from the canals. Even though you're a minute away from the city buzz, our street is nice and quiet. We live in De Jordaan, which is known as the most romantic and popular neighborhood because of its narrow streets and shallow houses. Everything is close by, the following are walking distances: Canals (0 minutes) Anne Frank House (5 minutes) Dam Square (10 minutes)  Central Station (10 minutes) Flower Market (15 minutes) Museum District (20 minutes - just take a tram or bus at the stop close by) We offer a lighty two room apartment. You wake up every morning seeing the old fashioned stained glass windows. You'll be able to cook your own meals, have breakfast on our cosy balcony (sunny mornings!) and visit the old market at the end of our street on Saturday and Monday. There's also a spacious bathroom - which is quite uncommon in this part of ","De Jordaan is a special place for people from Amsterdam, it's the topic of most folklore songs about the city. It used to be a poor, working class neighborhood before it became inhabited by students and artists in the 1970's. Today it's fair to say that De Jordaan is the most popular part of the old center to live, with its narrow streets and typical housing. There are many bars in the area, yet our street is very quiet and has little traffic. ","As said: 10 minute walk from Amsterdam Central Station 10 minute walk from Dam Square 5 minute walk to various supermarkets And you just need to walk out the door to see all the nice little shops, bars and restaurants. There's a bio/eco market on Saturday and Monday where fresh fruit, vegetables and Dutch treats are sold. ","- No drugs of any kind - Smoking is only allowed on the balcony - Max 2 adults and 2 children - Please keep it down after 9pm. The house is very old, so noise travels easily through the walls and ceiling."
