,"The apartment A traditional Dutch architectural apartment on the fourth floor. Four typical Amsterdam, steep and narrow flights lead you to a 50 square meter one bedroom apartment. It has a large living room with an open kitchen, a large bathroom with a bath tub. A shared roof terrace with an amazing view. The  apartment is equipped with everything you need during your stay.  The area It is only a five minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station. You are in a walking distance to almost all the attractions in the city. Behind the apartment you can rent yourself a bike if you would like to tour around the city. Right outside your door you'll find the Haarlemmerstraat, chosen as most attractive shoppingstreet in Amsterdam in 2012. Besides a lot of nice little boutiques, there are many restaurants and bars, most of them with outdoor seeting. Just off of Haarlemmerstraat is the Jordaan, worldfamous and very old neighbourhood with beautiful hidden public gardens, narrow, winding canals and s","The apartment A traditional Dutch architectural apartment on the fourth floor. Four typical Amsterdam, steep and narrow flights lead you to a 50 square meter one bedroom apartment. It has a large living room with an open kitchen, a large bathroom with a bath tub. A shared roof terrace with an amazing view. The  apartment is equipped with everything you need during your stay.  The area It is only a five minutes walk from Amsterdam Central Station. You are in a walking distance to almost all the attractions in the city. Behind the apartment you can rent yourself a bike if you would like to tour around the city. Right outside your door you'll find the Haarlemmerstraat, chosen as most attractive shoppingstreet in Amsterdam in 2012. Besides a lot of nice little boutiques, there are many restaurants and bars, most of them with outdoor seeting. Just off of Haarlemmerstraat is the Jordaan, worldfamous and very old neighbourhood with beautiful hidden public gardens, narrow, winding canals and s",,,
