"Cosy, ground floor, one bedroom apartment (50 m2) with nice garden (35 m2) near the city centre, Rembrandtpark, Vondelpark, Rijksmusuem and van Gogh museum. Perfect for singles or couples.","The living room has a big couch and a flatscreen TV. The bathroom has a sink,  toilet and a shower. The bedroom has a double bed, a closet and a small television. The kitchen has a fridge, gas stove, electric oven/microwave and washing/drying machine. The apartment has central heating and wireless internet. Clean towels and sheets are available.","Cosy, ground floor, one bedroom apartment (50 m2) with nice garden (35 m2) near the city centre, Rembrandtpark, Vondelpark, Rijksmusuem and van Gogh museum. Perfect for singles or couples. The living room has a big couch and a flatscreen TV. The bathroom has a sink,  toilet and a shower. The bedroom has a double bed, a closet and a small television. The kitchen has a fridge, gas stove, electric oven/microwave and washing/drying machine. The apartment has central heating and wireless internet. Clean towels and sheets are available. My whole house and garden are at your disposal. I'm pretty much always online and available through (Hidden by Airbnb) and email for any questions. The apartment is situated in the South of the city (Hoofddorppleinbuurt), very near the Vondelpark, one of the most popular parks in Amsterdam. Also the famous Amsterdamse Bos (big forrest) is just a short bike ride away. I've made a online map with great tips for drinks, diner and site seeing in my neighbourhood ","The apartment is situated in the South of the city (Hoofddorppleinbuurt), very near the Vondelpark, one of the most popular parks in Amsterdam. Also the famous Amsterdamse Bos (big forrest) is just a short bike ride away. I've made a online map with great tips for drinks, diner and site seeing in my neighbourhood which I'll provide after booking confirmation. Within 10 minutes tram ride you are at the Museumplein (van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum). The heart of the city (Leidseplein) is just 15 minutes away by tram. Trams are within 2 minutes walk and by car you are on the highway in 3 minutes.",Both Central Station and Schiphol Airport are 25 minutes away with public transport.,Please respect my home and treat it like it were your own.  Please no smoking inside. Preferably no pets.
