APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★CITY CENTRE APARTMENT ★Close to Artis Zoo  ★Close to Subwaystation Weesperplein ( goes EVERYWHERE) ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Washing machine & Dryer Available ★Fast & Free WIFI ★Popular East Centre Area,"Welcome to my fully equipped yet cosy apartment. In the living-area there is a sitting area, dining table and fully-equipped open-planned kitchen. Feel free to cook yourself a wonderful meal, play the guitar or play a game of chess!  There is one double-bed available, so the apartment is suitable for 2 people. Perfect for couples! The bathroom has a shower, washbasin and a toilet. Also are there a washing machine and a dryer available if you need them. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place.","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★CITY CENTRE APARTMENT ★Close to Artis Zoo  ★Close to Subwaystation Weesperplein ( goes EVERYWHERE) ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Washing machine & Dryer Available ★Fast & Free WIFI ★Popular East Centre Area Welcome to my fully equipped yet cosy apartment. In the living-area there is a sitting area, dining table and fully-equipped open-planned kitchen. Feel free to cook yourself a wonderful meal, play the guitar or play a game of chess!  There is one double-bed available, so the apartment is suitable for 2 people. Perfect for couples! The bathroom has a shower, washbasin and a toilet. Also are there a washing machine and a dryer available if you need them. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place. Guests are invited to enjoy the whole apartment. Make yourself at home! If you have any questions about the apartment or if you need recommendations or neighborhood tips, please feel free to contact us during your stay.  We're always happy to help! We look forward to hos","Built during the city’s Golden Age, the three parallel canals are interconnected with streets filled with shopping, eating and drinking opportunities. The Canal Ring is made up of Herengracht, Keizersgracht and Prinsengracht. In a way, the Canal Ring forms a crossover from the more bustling Centre to the gentler outer neighbourhoods of Jordaan, Museum District and De Pijp. The Canal Ring includes the city’s two main nightlife and culture squares. Leidseplein features such legendary concert halls as Paradiso and Melkweg. Rembrandtplein has several bars, two large nightclubs (Escape and Air), and ‘old  world’ evocative treasures such as De Kroon and Café Schiller. The whole area is dotted with Amsterdam's beloved neighbourhood ‘brown cafes'. The supermarket Albert Heijn and liquor store Gall&Gall are around the corner; when leaving the apt, turn left, follow the street leftwards and you'll see it in a glimpse.","The subway station Weesperplein and tram stops are 200 meters away. Every metro (50, 51, 54) takes you to Central Station. Both tram 7 and 10 take you in 10 minutes to the Museum District and Leidseplein","House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
