"Our recently renovated guesthouse is situated in our garden, not far from the houseboat where we live in with our family. The bathroom is 10 meter away from the guesthouse in our entrance hall of our houseboat, for which you do not need to enter the houseboat and will never disturb us.  It is a quiet place not far from town, by bike it take only 15 -20 minutes to the center. It is a wonderful combination of being in a quiet place near the river and having all the attractions of Amsterdam nearby.","It is a very nice and cosy room with a woodstove, which is private for yourself. If you want to check in  before 6 pm let me know then we see if it is possible. After 10 pm also please ask, if it is possible. When you arrive at the airport after 9 pm we prefer a pick up from there for 20 euro.","Our recently renovated guesthouse is situated in our garden, not far from the houseboat where we live in with our family. The bathroom is 10 meter away from the guesthouse in our entrance hall of our houseboat, for which you do not need to enter the houseboat and will never disturb us.  It is a quiet place not far from town, by bike it take only 15 -20 minutes to the center. It is a wonderful combination of being in a quiet place near the river and having all the attractions of Amsterdam nearby. It is a very nice and cosy room with a woodstove, which is private for yourself. If you want to check in  before 6 pm let me know then we see if it is possible. After 10 pm also please ask, if it is possible. When you arrive at the airport after 9 pm we prefer a pick up from there for 20 euro. You also have access to the entrance hall of our houseboat where you can use the guests bathroom. In summertime you are also welcome to use the garden and if the weather is warm, to have a swim in river A","Nice quiet area with trees, a beautiful park nearby called Amstelpark and of course the unique view of river Amstel where we live on. Nearby is restaurant (also for breakfast and lunch, open only till 9pm!) Thuis aan de Amstel. RAI congrescenter is nearby. Albert Cuypmarket or Museumsquare is only 15 minutes by bike.  Damsquare and Central Station  about 20-25 minutes.","if you come by train or airplane, please let us know your arrival time and if possible we will collect you at RAI or Amstelstation.   When you want we can pick you up at the airport for 20 euro, especially for late arrivals. Below information about travel from the airport by  -plane/train -car ARRIVING AT THE AIRPORT TRAVEL TO THE GUESTHOUSE BY PUBLIC TRANSPORT The train departs right underneath the airport. It's just 5 minutes walking from the bagage claim. You can buy a single ride at a vending machine or buy a combination ticket for train and tram at the Ticket- and Service desks. Vending machines are also located at the bagage claim, so you can organise the ticket while waiting for your luggage  AIRPORT TO THE GUESTHOUSE by train Take the train to Station Rai, direction Almere Oostvaarders or direction Hilversum from platform 1-2. Check that it stops at Station RAI, Amsterdam. There is a train every 15 minutes. Trainride is 11 minutes. If possible we can pick collect you  at RAI st","Check in can be earlier then 6pm when possible. And ONLY SOMETIMES later then 9pm. Please always ask us first before booking.  No parties no drugs,  Respect the property.  You may smoke cigarettes in the garden, but no drugs, no weed! The bathroom is not in the guesthouse but in the entrance hall of t=our houseboat So be aware that you have to go outside for it, about 10 meter walking distance. The entrancehall is always open also during the night and we will not hear you, so you are not disturbing us. If you want you can rent a bike for 7 euro a day when staying in the guesthouse."
