"Welcome to my lovely historic (1922) 1-bedroom fully equipped apartment with sunny balcony (1st floor) located in disctrict Oud Zuid/Old South! It's the perfect spot for couples or quiet single persons to discover my beautiful city. Everything you need will be in walking distance; Vondelpark (500m), Museumsquare (1300m), Olympisch stadion (500m) public transportation directly to the citycenter or airport (100m), supermarket (100m) and lots of nice bars&restaurants! (100m).",Cosy 1-bedroom apartment (50m2) with a cute bow window in the livingroom were you can have a nice breakfast/lunch/dinner at the table. There's a small shower and separate toilet. The kitchen and spacious bedroom are situated at the quiet (garden) side of the apartment. In the bedroom is a nice double bed (160cm-200cm) and also the entrance to my sunny (daytime) balcony.,"Welcome to my lovely historic (1922) 1-bedroom fully equipped apartment with sunny balcony (1st floor) located in disctrict Oud Zuid/Old South! It's the perfect spot for couples or quiet single persons to discover my beautiful city. Everything you need will be in walking distance; Vondelpark (500m), Museumsquare (1300m), Olympisch stadion (500m) public transportation directly to the citycenter or airport (100m), supermarket (100m) and lots of nice bars&restaurants! (100m). Cosy 1-bedroom apartment (50m2) with a cute bow window in the livingroom were you can have a nice breakfast/lunch/dinner at the table. There's a small shower and separate toilet. The kitchen and spacious bedroom are situated at the quiet (garden) side of the apartment. In the bedroom is a nice double bed (160cm-200cm) and also the entrance to my sunny (daytime) balcony. You will have full and private access to my apartment as I'm gonna stay somewhere else for the period you booked. - apt. 50m2 - Green balcony  - Priv","The apartment is situated in the middle of ""Old South"", a popular neighborhood just south of the Amsterdam’s city center. The area counts numerous charming restaurants, (secondhand)shops, and is home to some of Amsterdams famous museums (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum). The street itself is lively (tram 16). Also nearby the famous Cornelis Schuyt, P.C. Hooftstraat, and Vondelpark where you can do a lot of outdoor sports like jogging, skating, walking, cycling. With tram 16 it is only a few minutes away to the picturesque and famous canals.  Or a 15 minutes' cycle will bring you to the ‘Amsterdamse Bos’ (forest/park) where you can walk, play, swim or cycle.","Public transportation: There's lots of public transportation near my apartment. Trams 16 & 2 to the city center/central station; both trams 2 & 16 stop 100 mtrs from my apartment. (Tram stop: ""Haarlemmermeerstation tram 16 or Amstelveenseweg tram 2"") Several buses (directly) to Airport Schiphol, Amsterdam Sloterdijk, Amsterdam Central Station and the City Center. Busstop ""Haarlemmermeerstation"" at 100 mtrs from my apartment. Parking: Parking possibility in front of my apartment, but the neighborhood is pricey (about 20 euro a day, free on sundays) but not as expensive as trying to park in the canal ring. The good news is that my apartment is near to P&R Olympisch stadion, look for conditions at (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Bike rental 150mtrs from apartment","Please feel at home and respect my house like it's yours. You're staying in my own apartment that is situated in a residential building, so be considerate of the neighbors who have to sleep early and wake for work.  - no pets (only my cat isa of course) - no smoking in the apartment (Use the balcony)  - keep the noise to a minimum when up late, and also keep this in mind when you are sitting on the balcony - no young party people - maximum 2 people in the apartment"
