"Lovely house to yourself in a great area: Westerpark. Near Jordaan, public transport around the corner. House comes with music, breakfast, free coffee, amazing shower and a garden with BBQ !","The luxurious appartment is on the ground floor and has a big garden. It has 1 bedroom with a double bed, but it is also possible to sleep on the couch (it's really comfy!). The shower is quite amazing, it's like you ended up in stormy rain, but warm. The kitchen is fully equipped, and has everything you need (oven, microwave, blender, coffeemachine, kettle etc.). There is wifi. Westerpark is a nice and quiet area near city centre and the Jordaan.  This big green area with a theater, a cinema, an exhibition space and an events stage, bears the proud name of Culture Park Western Gas Factory (Cultuurpark Westergasfabriek). What originally was a small 19th century neighborhood park, has been united with the vast area of the defunct municipal gas installations. Westergasfabriek  The municipal large building divides two parts of the park – old one and new - that of the former gas factory. It is not much of the park yet, more a vast space with an art house cinema (Het Ketelhuis) two good caf","The luxurious appartment is on the ground floor and has a big garden. It has 1 bedroom with a double bed, but it is also possible to sleep on the couch (it's really comfy!). The shower is quite amazing, it's like you ended up in stormy rain, but warm. The kitchen is fully equipped, and has everything you need (oven, microwave, blender, coffeemachine, kettle etc.). There is wifi. Westerpark is a nice and quiet area near city centre and the Jordaan.  This big green area with a theater, a cinema, an exhibition space and an events stage, bears the proud name of Culture Park Western Gas Factory (Cultuurpark Westergasfabriek). What originally was a small 19th century neighborhood park, has been united with the vast area of the defunct municipal gas installations. Westergasfabriek  The municipal large building divides two parts of the park – old one and new - that of the former gas factory. It is not much of the park yet, more a vast space with an art house cinema (Het Ketelhuis) two good caf","My neighborhood is so nice! There are coffeeplaces around the corner and a nice big park which you reach with two headrolls. Westerpark is nice an quiet, but also vibrant in the entertainment areas. The Jordaan is also around the corner and has lots to offer!","The bus 21 is opposite my house, 20 meters walking. The tram 10 to Leidsesquare are in a distance of 5 minutes walking.","- I ask our guests to respect each other's privacy. I much appreciate it if our guests will be careful with the objects in the apartment. - Please respect each others well deserved sleep and try to be quiet should you come in at a late hour. Screaming and shouting is not welcome over the day too. - Please respect the neighbors, the quietness and friendliness of the neighborhood the apartment building.  No smoking inside. Outside is fine. There is a deck where you can sit dry. No drugs.  No partying.  No loud music.  No pets. Please treat the apartment as if it were your own  Please let me know by phone if there are any issues"
