"My comfortable one bedroom apartment is conveniently located West of the city center. It comfortably fits two and is on a quiet street, only a few minutes away from the Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark. Access to public transport around the corner!","Very nice, cosy apartment in a quiet street in the area called ‘the Baarsjes’ THE APARTMENT My apartment is approximately 55m2 with a lot of windows, which gives natural light in the apartment all day long.  The living room is L-shaped with two comfortable couches, a large TV, a comfortable reading chair, a large dining table with six chairs and a sound system where you can plug in your iPhone/iPod to listen to your own music. Or you can put on one of my CDs..  The bathroom with toilet is recently renovated. The bedroom is at the back of the apartment, and has doors to the balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave and an espresso machine. From the kitchen you can also enter the balcony. There are a small table and two chairs on it to have dinner on a nice day. It also has a beanbag to relax in the sun. There’s sun on the balcony from 3PM till 8PM.  AMENITIES  Towels & Linens included • Cable TV with media player • Internet: High Speed WiFi • Dishwa","My comfortable one bedroom apartment is conveniently located West of the city center. It comfortably fits two and is on a quiet street, only a few minutes away from the Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark. Access to public transport around the corner! Very nice, cosy apartment in a quiet street in the area called ‘the Baarsjes’ THE APARTMENT My apartment is approximately 55m2 with a lot of windows, which gives natural light in the apartment all day long.  The living room is L-shaped with two comfortable couches, a large TV, a comfortable reading chair, a large dining table with six chairs and a sound system where you can plug in your iPhone/iPod to listen to your own music. Or you can put on one of my CDs..  The bathroom with toilet is recently renovated. The bedroom is at the back of the apartment, and has doors to the balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave and an espresso machine. From the kitchen you can also enter the balcony. There are a small tab","NEIGHBORHOOD This nice neighborhood, de Baarsjes/Old West, is full of nice cafes, bars, restaurants and shops. The closest supermarket with convenient opening hours is just around the corner. The Kinkerstraat is a shopping area with a market, the Ten Katemarkt, where they sell fresh fruits and vegetables. The Rembrandtpark and the Vondelpark are just a few minutes away, where you  can walk, drink coffee our just relax on the grass. ","Tram 17 around the corner (and tram 1 on the other end of the street at the Surinameplein) will take you to the city center: Leidseplein, Dam area, within 10 minutes. Since Amsterdam is the world’s biking capital, bikes may be the fastest and most flexible way to get around. You can rent them at several places, and I might have a spare one you can use as well.",
