"This great, 110m2 apartment with garden, is located in hip and happening area 'DE PIJP' in Amsterdam. All facilities are present. Photos are showing (50m2),  Should be updated in coming days! Limited to 4 guests,","Price includes:  1. Tea and coffee 2. Free wifi (fast) 3. Some cosmetics in the bathroom (soap, toiletpaper)  4. Towels  The 110 m2 apartment in a typical Amsterdam building is located in the nicest, most popular area in Amsterdam 'De Pijp'. The apartment is in a quiet street. Only 1 km away from the RAI and from all big museums like Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum. The area 'De Pijp' is known for its wide choice of shops, nice bars, restaurants and the famous 'Albert Cuyp market'. There are multiple tram lines only a 1 minute walk away, but you can also walk from the house to most places.","This great, 110m2 apartment with garden, is located in hip and happening area 'DE PIJP' in Amsterdam. All facilities are present. Photos are showing (50m2),  Should be updated in coming days! Limited to 4 guests, Price includes:  1. Tea and coffee 2. Free wifi (fast) 3. Some cosmetics in the bathroom (soap, toiletpaper)  4. Towels  The 110 m2 apartment in a typical Amsterdam building is located in the nicest, most popular area in Amsterdam 'De Pijp'. The apartment is in a quiet street. Only 1 km away from the RAI and from all big museums like Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum. The area 'De Pijp' is known for its wide choice of shops, nice bars, restaurants and the famous 'Albert Cuyp market'. There are multiple tram lines only a 1 minute walk away, but you can also walk from the house to most places. French 60's apartment in Soho of Amsterdam  You will have the whole place to yourself!!  The kitchen contains all cooking equipment. You can use all. A selection:  - st",The building is located in the most popular area in Amsterdam 'De Pijp'. The apartment is in a quiet street!,"Multiple trams around the corner. From the airport Schiphol, you can take the train to 'Amsterdam Zuid'. The train will bring you in 7 minutes and a train ticket is 2,60 euro. Then you take tram 5 to tram station 'Roelof Hartplein'. From there its a 500 meter walk. From trainstation Amsterdam Centraal you can take tram 16. Which will take you in 13 minutes to tram stop 'Albert Cuypstraat'. From there it's a 5 minute walk to the apartment.","Smoking on back balcony only, no noise please! It is a quiet neighbourhood."
