"A better location is impossible. Right in the city centre, yet in a little quiet street. This warm and nicely decorated apartment will make you feel at home. Ideal to see the city's buzz and action but feel relaxed when at home.","2 story apartment, consisting of : entrance hall , toilet, washing machine / dryer,  kitchen and living area with a little garden on the ground floor . A bedroom, bathroom with toilet and living room on the 1 st Floor. The living room has a 2 person sleeping bed, which offers the possibility to sleep with 4 people in the house.  Acces to whole appartment. Nicely decorated, with classic furniture and nice art. I travel a lot, so when I'm around I will do the check in and check out myself. If not, a friend of mine will do it.   One of the nicest area's of Amsterdam. My little street is nice and quiet, yet in the middle of the city!  On the corner of the street you already can find some nice bars and get your morning coffee. The Famous Carre theater lights shine at night and the utrechtsestraat offer a wide variety shops , from fashion shops for shopaholics  till the local fish shop for those daring a raw haring! ;)  Tram 4 passes thru the utrechtsestraat. Going directly to central statio","A better location is impossible. Right in the city centre, yet in a little quiet street. This warm and nicely decorated apartment will make you feel at home. Ideal to see the city's buzz and action but feel relaxed when at home. 2 story apartment, consisting of : entrance hall , toilet, washing machine / dryer,  kitchen and living area with a little garden on the ground floor . A bedroom, bathroom with toilet and living room on the 1 st Floor. The living room has a 2 person sleeping bed, which offers the possibility to sleep with 4 people in the house.  Acces to whole appartment. Nicely decorated, with classic furniture and nice art. I travel a lot, so when I'm around I will do the check in and check out myself. If not, a friend of mine will do it.   One of the nicest area's of Amsterdam. My little street is nice and quiet, yet in the middle of the city!  On the corner of the street you already can find some nice bars and get your morning coffee. The Famous Carre theater lights shine a","One of the nicest area's of Amsterdam. My little street is nice and quiet, yet in the middle of the city!  On the corner of the street you already can find some nice bars and get your morning coffee. The Famous carre theater lights shine at night and the utrechtsestraat offer a wide variety shops , from fashion shops for shopaholics  till the local fish shop for those daring a raw haring! ;)","Tram 4 passes thru the utrechtsestraat. Going directly to central station. Also a taxi stop is located just 150m away, on frederiksplein. The metro also stops nearby on weesperplein.","I really like my house and expect guests to treat it as their own house.  - No smoking. - No party's. - No stealing of art or objects. - If you break something, I prefer you tell me instead of finding out later.  - Don't loose the front door key, as it requires an expensive certificate to replace it.  - Please feel free to contact me for specific questions and recommendations.  - If you only book for 1 night, an extra of 20,- will be charged  for cleaning costs."
