"This one room studio lies in the centre,  in the Plantagebuurt: a green area with many canals. It is quiet and peacefull but has also a lively atmosphere with lots of restaurants, café''s, a market and the beerbrewery-windmill to enjoy a local beer!","Dear guests, This beautifull studioroom is situated in a quiet area at the canal side called the ""Singelgracht"" in the centre of Amsterdam. The neighbourhood is called the ""Plantagebuurt"" and is a very green area. The house is surrounded by parcs, the zoo and lots of green places with playing grounds for children and benches to watch the canals with all the birds and boats. There is also a famous market, the Dappermarkt, around the corner and lots of nice restaurants and bars. Little known is the nearby ""citybeach"" Roest where you can have a picknick on the beach, a beer around a fire and make new friends. At this industrial place are lots of concerts and other happenings too. The Alexanderkade is within 15 minutes reach by tram (numbers 9 and 14) from Central Station. There are trams around the corner in all the directions of town. Rembrandplein, Leidseplein and the Rijksmuseum/Van Gogh-museum area is also nearby.  In front of my house you can find the red bench you see on the picture","This one room studio lies in the centre,  in the Plantagebuurt: a green area with many canals. It is quiet and peacefull but has also a lively atmosphere with lots of restaurants, café''s, a market and the beerbrewery-windmill to enjoy a local beer! Dear guests, This beautifull studioroom is situated in a quiet area at the canal side called the ""Singelgracht"" in the centre of Amsterdam. The neighbourhood is called the ""Plantagebuurt"" and is a very green area. The house is surrounded by parcs, the zoo and lots of green places with playing grounds for children and benches to watch the canals with all the birds and boats. There is also a famous market, the Dappermarkt, around the corner and lots of nice restaurants and bars. Little known is the nearby ""citybeach"" Roest where you can have a picknick on the beach, a beer around a fire and make new friends. At this industrial place are lots of concerts and other happenings too. The Alexanderkade is within 15 minutes reach by tram (numbers 9 ",,From Schiphol Airport the train takes you in 15 minutes to Centraal Station in Amsterdam. Tram 14 brings you in 20 minutes to Alexanderplein: a 3 minute walk from my house. If you get of the tram walk to the left (canal at your right hand) till you see a red bench. A few steps down will lead to the entrance of your room!,The apartment is non-smoking and my neighbours (and me too) appreciate it if you won't be to noisy on the street if you arrive home in the night.
