"A cosy apartment at a great location in Amsterdam.  140 square meters, a 5 minute walk to any well known site in Amsterdam like Rijksmuseum, van Goghmuseum, Vondelpark, City centre, Casino, etc  All you need for a fantastic stay!","Main characteristics of the apartment are:  - Centrally located.  - 3 bedrooms (master room of 22m2 with television)  - bathroom (2 sinks, a bath/shower and toilet)  - spacious living room with open kitchen  - Private patio (20m2) to dine outside or have your  morning coffee.  - Free wifi and cable tv  - all appliances one needs are in the house","A cosy apartment at a great location in Amsterdam.  140 square meters, a 5 minute walk to any well known site in Amsterdam like Rijksmuseum, van Goghmuseum, Vondelpark, City centre, Casino, etc  All you need for a fantastic stay! Main characteristics of the apartment are:  - Centrally located.  - 3 bedrooms (master room of 22m2 with television)  - bathroom (2 sinks, a bath/shower and toilet)  - spacious living room with open kitchen  - Private patio (20m2) to dine outside or have your  morning coffee.  - Free wifi and cable tv  - all appliances one needs are in the house You will have your own bedroom as in the picture. We will share the bathroom and kitchen. You are welcome to relax in the livingroom or in the patio. Since I am quite busy with work I will not serve breakfast but there are some great places around. Cosy apartment located as central as can be.  It is only a short ride with the tram from the Central Station and is situated just around the corner of several hotspots like ","Cosy apartment located as central as can be.  It is only a short ride with the tram from the Central Station and is situated just around the corner of several hotspots like the world famous 'Museum square' with the RIJKSMUSEUM, Van Gogh Museum and Stedelijk Museum. They are only a 5 minute walk away from the apartment. As well as the nightlife centre 'Leidseplein' ,Cinema`s, Heineken Corner and Holland Casino. The famous Vondelpark to have a peaceful afternoon is also only a walk away.  various restaurants of any kitchen.  bicycle rent, the best way to explore Amsterdam ","HOW TO GET THERE: From Schiphol airport: The busride is 30 minutes only. 6-8 busses each hour..  You can buy your ticket in the bus; 6.20 euro per person one way. In front of the airport there is the busstation opposite the huge video walls. Take the bus all the way to the last stop (Marnixstraat busstation).   If you want to plan your bustrip in advance click here: (Website hidden by Airbnb)    From Schiphol Airport by train: Take the train to Amsterdam Central Station, which will take you about 15 minutes. From there you take tram 17 and get off at stop ‘Elandsgracht’ (15 minutes).  From Schiphol Airport by taxi: If you'll take a taxi please be aware that they try to rip of tourists. There is a fixed maximum price from Schiphol airport to Amsterdam Oud-west (the part of Amsterdam where the apartment is located) of 33 euro's. If the meter (make sure the chauffeur switches it on) is showing less than 33 euro's it is the price the meter is showing. If it showing more than 33 euro's the ",Only smoking in the patio
