"Beautiful studio on a perfect spot to visit Amsterdam. Open space on the third floor of an old canal house overlooking water. Located in one of the most desireable neighbourhoods, everything close-by yet no disturbance!","Bright spacious living room incl. kitchen block. A big bed is separated by sliding-panels. Separated toilet and an elegant light-blue shower cabin. Nice art on the wall, classic windows, modern furniture and view across the water.  - it's 50 m2 - free wifi - kitchen (incl. oven) - washing-/dry-machine   - coffee machine","Beautiful studio on a perfect spot to visit Amsterdam. Open space on the third floor of an old canal house overlooking water. Located in one of the most desireable neighbourhoods, everything close-by yet no disturbance! Bright spacious living room incl. kitchen block. A big bed is separated by sliding-panels. Separated toilet and an elegant light-blue shower cabin. Nice art on the wall, classic windows, modern furniture and view across the water.  - it's 50 m2 - free wifi - kitchen (incl. oven) - washing-/dry-machine   - coffee machine Access by front door at street level (1st key) and in the staircase (steep stairs, not suited for people with a walking disability) on the 3rd floor (2nd key). If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will make sure someone will be there to welcome you, show you around and answer all your questions. Most must-sees or cool places are within walking distance.  The Jordaan district (4 min.), Leidseplein (10 min.), Vondelpark (10 min.), Museum quarter (20 min","Most must-sees or cool places are within walking distance.  The Jordaan district (4 min.), Leidseplein (10 min.), Vondelpark (10 min.), Museum quarter (20 minutes), Anne Frank House or the nicest shopping area 'the 9 streets' (10 minutes) and much more. You can also rent a bicycle on the corner.","Various types of public transport within 1 min. walk. Trams from Central Station (17 min.) or a direct busline from Schiphol Airport (35 min.). There is also a big car-park close-by if you have a car, parking a car in Amsterdam is expensive though.","I'd just expect you to treat the apartment like you would treat your own; with honesty and respect.  - Check-in and -out times are in consultation.  - When leaving, check the doors/ light/ heating.  - Smoking and pets are not permitted in the apartment."
