"+One master bedroom, double bed  +Free wifi  +Linen & towels provided +Bathproducts, hairdryer available +Good connections with Centre (15 minutes) + Tram/bus stop +1 minute away +Small but well equipped kitchen, unlimited use of coffee, tea + Potential cheap parking available within walking distance (see P&R parking rules on Iamsterdam website, parking for 1 to 8 euro/day  (not always availability though, especially in weekends)","Two bedroom apartment in Bos en Lommer, Amsterdam. Nice quiet street, close to main roads, next to Erasmus park. The neighbourhood is safe and green. The main bedroom is at the back of the house, and has French windows, opening to a balcony that's overlooking the communal garden. This balcony has sun until noon and is the perfect place for a morning coffee or breakfast. When it's hot, this is the perfect place to chill at night! The room has a very comfortable King size bed (160x200), excellent (memory foam) mattresses. Build in closet. Private sink.  The living-room have access to the other balcony, in the front of the house, that has afternoon sun. Next to the living-room there is a small ante-chamber with an extra sofa-bed that sleeps two. The house is build in the 30's and has period details, like glass-stained windows. I'm trying to keep this style, and since most of my furniture is family heritage they fit this style perfectly! Do not expect too much luxury, the kitchen and bathr","+One master bedroom, double bed  +Free wifi  +Linen & towels provided +Bathproducts, hairdryer available +Good connections with Centre (15 minutes) + Tram/bus stop +1 minute away +Small but well equipped kitchen, unlimited use of coffee, tea + Potential cheap parking available within walking distance (see P&R parking rules on Iamsterdam website, parking for 1 to 8 euro/day  (not always availability though, especially in weekends) Two bedroom apartment in Bos en Lommer, Amsterdam. Nice quiet street, close to main roads, next to Erasmus park. The neighbourhood is safe and green. The main bedroom is at the back of the house, and has French windows, opening to a balcony that's overlooking the communal garden. This balcony has sun until noon and is the perfect place for a morning coffee or breakfast. When it's hot, this is the perfect place to chill at night! The room has a very comfortable King size bed (160x200), excellent (memory foam) mattresses. Build in closet. Private sink.  The livi","Bos en Lommer  is  an upcoming neighbourhood. You can tell by the new stores  coming to the neighbourhood (even an organic supermarket now) that gentrification is setting in! It is definitely safe here, at night as well. There are some nice breakfast, lunch and dinner-places. Three supermarkets, a little mall and a shopping street are just around the corner. One of the hippest nightclubs 'De School' recently moved in the area as well (well out of earshot!!)","From my place there are excellent public transport connections to town, you can reach the city centre in 15 minutes. Two trams and three bus-lines, stop basically in front of my house, to take you directly to all the sights and happening places of the City: Dam, Jordaan, Spui, Rembrandtplein, Waterlooplein, Leidse Plein, the Museum area, Pijp, Central Station as well as two other trainstations that take you directly to Schiphol Airport. I will explain the system to you and if you like I can provide public transport tickets and give you good instructions on how to get around! I don't recommend going by car to Amsterdam, but if you do, it is close to exit roads and easy to reach. It is potentially possible to park at a P&R parking garage within a three minute walk from my place, for 1 to  8 euro/day, but there is limited availability and in weekends you will likely miss the boat. Check parking possibilities on the site of Iamsterdam, or ask me.","No parties or unexpected guests please!  No smoking indoors, but there is a balcony. No drugs. My downstairs neighbours and my floor would be happy if you don't wear heels. I can provide you with public transport cards, charged and ready to use. If you use them, please recharge them for me before you leave or refund the used amount!!"
