,"Cozy spacious room in a beautiful and spiritually decorated apartment. The apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th (top) floor of a traditional Amsterdam brick building built in the early 20th century.  The room The room is is located on the 3rd floor and is light and very spacious. It has a comfortable king size double bed and an option for an extra futon that sleeps two. The room has a dining area with a small fridge and facilities to make coffee and tea, which are provided, and there is free use of wifi internet. You can also browse through the interesting spiritual, photo and art book collection. The exotic bathroom is located on the same floor and is shared with the friendly host. Towels, shower gel and shampoo are provided. From the shower you can enjoy the view of the park on the backside of the building. In the summer you are free to chill out and get a tan on the lounge beds on the roof terras. You can also enjoy your meals there surrounded by the flourishing roof garden and ","Cozy spacious room in a beautiful and spiritually decorated apartment. The apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th (top) floor of a traditional Amsterdam brick building built in the early 20th century.  The room The room is is located on the 3rd floor and is light and very spacious. It has a comfortable king size double bed and an option for an extra futon that sleeps two. The room has a dining area with a small fridge and facilities to make coffee and tea, which are provided, and there is free use of wifi internet. You can also browse through the interesting spiritual, photo and art book collection. The exotic bathroom is located on the same floor and is shared with the friendly host. Towels, shower gel and shampoo are provided. From the shower you can enjoy the view of the park on the backside of the building. In the summer you are free to chill out and get a tan on the lounge beds on the roof terras. You can also enjoy your meals there surrounded by the flourishing roof garden and ",,,
