"Stay in a family house in Amsterdam and experience what it is to live in this wonderful city. The house is located in Amsterdam West, perfect area to be able to sleep at night and get quit fast and easy to the center. Also has a garden.","Stay in a family house in Amsterdam and experience what it is to live in this wonderful city. The house is located in Amsterdam West, perfect area to be able to sleep at night and get quit fast and easy to the center. Also has a garden. Nice family house located in west, with garden in the front and in the back were we have a bbq for the sunny days and a table with chairs so you can have your breakfast or eat outside, its great to be able to have a coffee in the garden. Three floor house with 4 bedrooms, a bathroom with big bubble bathtub with shower, nice kitchen and big living room.  If you come by car its also easy to park. You will be staying with a family of 4 members, so you will feel part of a family in amsterdam.  The room is small but cozy and nice. Also clean with a lot of light.  The Room has a single real bed.  A closet A small table Wifi Lamp 1: first floor we have the entrance, toilette, full equipped kitchen, living room and entrance to the back garden.  2: second we hav","Stay in a family house in Amsterdam and experience what it is to live in this wonderful city. The house is located in Amsterdam West, perfect area to be able to sleep at night and get quit fast and easy to the center. Also has a garden. Stay in a family house in Amsterdam and experience what it is to live in this wonderful city. The house is located in Amsterdam West, perfect area to be able to sleep at night and get quit fast and easy to the center. Also has a garden. Nice family house located in west, with garden in the front and in the back were we have a bbq for the sunny days and a table with chairs so you can have your breakfast or eat outside, its great to be able to have a coffee in the garden. Three floor house with 4 bedrooms, a bathroom with big bubble bathtub with shower, nice kitchen and big living room.  If you come by car its also easy to park. You will be staying with a family of 4 members, so you will feel part of a family in amsterdam.  The room is small but cozy and ",Love how green it is and easy to go anywere. Transport conection is awesome.,"Public transport conection is fantastic, not much areas have metro, tram, bus and train walking distance.","No smoking or drugs in the house. Visitors not allowed. No street shoes allowed in the house, please Bring your slippers.  Please respect the people and the house and sleeping hours.  No smoking in The house, you can smoke in The garden Respect everything in the house. Don't use or touch our personal belongings Always make sure the garden door is locked with the key when you go to sleep or away. There is a key always on the lock so you can lock.  Always use garbage bags if you throw something away from the kitchen garbage. No eating or drinking our things without asking if needed."
