"Cozy and charming room in a lively neighbourhood (de Pijp) near the centre, located at the first floor in an early twentieth century house. You can easily reach the hotspots of Amsterdam walking, biking or by tram. We look forward to host you!","Cozy and comfortable room with a small bedroom (with double bed). Room is located at the  first floor in an early twentieth century house in the Amsterdam Pijp on the edge of the city centre. It´s a lively neighbourhood and the room is at the streetside, so you can hear some streetnoises. Recently we got new windows with double glass :)     Room with kitchen, bedsofa, big dining table, TV and free wifi. Adjacent to the livingroom is the intimate bedroom with double bed.  Kitchen contains fridge, cookware, kettle, coffeemaker, cutlery.  You have your own toilet and shower.  Linen and towels are provided. Suggestions for sightseeing, going out and events available.","Cozy and charming room in a lively neighbourhood (de Pijp) near the centre, located at the first floor in an early twentieth century house. You can easily reach the hotspots of Amsterdam walking, biking or by tram. We look forward to host you! Cozy and comfortable room with a small bedroom (with double bed). Room is located at the  first floor in an early twentieth century house in the Amsterdam Pijp on the edge of the city centre. It´s a lively neighbourhood and the room is at the streetside, so you can hear some streetnoises. Recently we got new windows with double glass :)     Room with kitchen, bedsofa, big dining table, TV and free wifi. Adjacent to the livingroom is the intimate bedroom with double bed.  Kitchen contains fridge, cookware, kettle, coffeemaker, cutlery.  You have your own toilet and shower.  Linen and towels are provided. Suggestions for sightseeing, going out and events available. You have your own entrance and your room is lockable. If you enter the house, you ha","The room is located in a student area with many nice restaurants and cafes: a short walk from the Albert Cuyp Market (1 min.), Heineken Brewery (10 min.), Rijksmuseum (15 min.), van Gogh and Stedelijk Museum (18 min.) and the Canal-area (10 min.). Shops are very close.  Our neighborhood borders the famous 17th century centre, but has its own characteristics and architecture.  Important tip: if you intend to visit the AnneFrank-house then make a reservation before. Without reservation waiting can last a long time.","From Schiphol-airport you can take either a taxi (±€ 35-50 / takes 25 minutes) or public transport (around € 8 p.p. / takes ±60 minutes). From the airport you can take the train to Central Station. From Central Station take tram 4 and get out at tramstop ‘Stadhouderskade’ (near the Dutch National Bank). From here walk straight on, cross the Stadhouderskade and take the 2nd street to the left.  Bicycle hire nearby.   When you arrive by car, you can park the car in one of the P&R-places, (park & ride) near the highway, from there you can take public transport (you get a discount ticket there). Parking in our neighborhood is very expensive.  From the Park&Ride at RAI you can also take tram 4 (opposite direction!). You can unload your car in front of our house.",No smoking! This is a nice but old house. Noise spreads easily. We hope you respect our nighttimes (between 23 and 8) and that of other guests.
