"Beautiful old house in the Jordaan. It has two floors and an attic . It is on the second floor of a historical building. It has a large kitchen, living room and a beautiful studio. Quiet and pleasant neighbourhood. The room is also for two people.","My house is a big two floor apartment (approx 90 m2) in the center of the city. There is a big modern kitchen and a big living room on the first floor, a studio also used as living room and a bathroom with a bath on the second floor, and two bedrooms in the attic. There is a small but cozy guest room with a double bed that can be used. A washing machine is also available. The apartment has a view on the Noordermarkt square, where there is an open market on saturday and monday, and the best apple pie in town! The bed is for one or two people,  in the space there is a table and some furniture to store things.","Beautiful old house in the Jordaan. It has two floors and an attic . It is on the second floor of a historical building. It has a large kitchen, living room and a beautiful studio. Quiet and pleasant neighbourhood. The room is also for two people. My house is a big two floor apartment (approx 90 m2) in the center of the city. There is a big modern kitchen and a big living room on the first floor, a studio also used as living room and a bathroom with a bath on the second floor, and two bedrooms in the attic. There is a small but cozy guest room with a double bed that can be used. A washing machine is also available. The apartment has a view on the Noordermarkt square, where there is an open market on saturday and monday, and the best apple pie in town! The bed is for one or two people,  in the space there is a table and some furniture to store things. Guests will have access to the whole house, except for my and my housemate's bedroom. There is an internet connection and access to a com","The neighbourhood is very calm, but there are a lot of nice cafe's and restaurants close by. A park is close by as well as attractions such as the Anne Frank House. The more active city centre is within 10 minutes walking. ",The house is at walking distance from Central Station (8-10 minutes). At the station you will also find most public transport to take you to the further parts of the city.,"It is possible to use the kitchen, i usually eat at home so if you're lucky i'll invite you for a meal if that works out. I love to cook and make people happy with it. The wc/bathroom is shared with me and my house mate if he's home. This should be no problem, of course you will get all the space you need. There is a washing machine that can be used by long travellers in case of need of a clean set of clothes.. I have my working space on the floor of the room, but the living room down stairs you can use to your liking. Me and my housemates bedrooms are at the top floor under the roof, these are off-limits. I will ask you to leave clean an tidy as far as the kitchen goes, i will do my best to do the same. For breakfast it is possible to make some coffee and a sandwich.."
