"How about enjoying leisure time in Amsterdam? Enjoy the canals, the restaurants and bars. Sit on a terrace. 10 minutes to town centre by bike or tram. The Watergraafsmeer is a cosy area in Amsterdam. The trainstation is close by. Enjoy Amsterdam!",Enjoy a spacious apartment with private garden. You have a nice bathroom and kitchen. The apartment is best suited for a couple. The apartment is quite spacious so you can bring your baby. We have a babybed and it is also possible for one child to sleep on the couch. You have a dining room and spacious living room with the masterbed.,"How about enjoying leisure time in Amsterdam? Enjoy the canals, the restaurants and bars. Sit on a terrace. 10 minutes to town centre by bike or tram. The Watergraafsmeer is a cosy area in Amsterdam. The trainstation is close by. Enjoy Amsterdam! Enjoy a spacious apartment with private garden. You have a nice bathroom and kitchen. The apartment is best suited for a couple. The apartment is quite spacious so you can bring your baby. We have a babybed and it is also possible for one child to sleep on the couch. You have a dining room and spacious living room with the masterbed. Private house with own key. I will supply the keys at arrival and show the apartment. I am always available for questions. Green family friendly neighborhood with a lot of grocery-stores and other shops around the corner. In the neighbourhood you find ARTIS the national Zoo. Also the Tropical museum is around the corner. What about a day to the Scheepvaartmuseum watching the replica of the VOC tall ship. Tram 9 br",Green family friendly neighborhood with a lot of grocery-stores and other shops around the corner. In the neighbourhood you find ARTIS the national Zoo. Also the Tropical museum is around the corner. What about a day to the Scheepvaartmuseum watching the replica of the VOC tall ship.,"Tram 9 brings you inside the downtown area and the main museums. We supply information for the van Gogh museum, the Stedelijk Museum and the worldfamous Rijksmuseum with the Rembrandt's Nightwatch.",No smoking inside the apartment. Please smoke in the garden. Please no drugs and loud partying.
