Missing a feeling of being home during your holiday? Feel welcome at our little family apartment in a very popular area in Amsterdam. Our home has everything you need to enjoy your time in Amsterdam feeling like our family member.  There is so much to do and see over here!,"The apartment has one available bedroom with a comfy double bed and a specious living room, where you can rest after exploring the city. You can also take a break and enjoy having a cup of coffee in our garden. If you come with a little baby, you can use our Chicco Next2Me bed (for babies 0-6 months) free of charge. Please let me know in advance, so I can prepare it. We will store all baby stuff in our baby room, so it will not be in your way ;)","Missing a feeling of being home during your holiday? Feel welcome at our little family apartment in a very popular area in Amsterdam. Our home has everything you need to enjoy your time in Amsterdam feeling like our family member.  There is so much to do and see over here! The apartment has one available bedroom with a comfy double bed and a specious living room, where you can rest after exploring the city. You can also take a break and enjoy having a cup of coffee in our garden. If you come with a little baby, you can use our Chicco Next2Me bed (for babies 0-6 months) free of charge. Please let me know in advance, so I can prepare it. We will store all baby stuff in our baby room, so it will not be in your way ;) The apartment is on the ground floor. You enter the building through the main entrance shared by all neighbours, our door is the one on the left side. The guests have an access to the kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, living room and garden. There will be a contact person available","Very relaxing area, not far from the city center, everything is very close by: for example our famous Albert Cuyp, Heineken Museum etc.",Very easy way to get from Schiphol: train to the station RAI and then tram number 4 - tram stop Lutmastraat. - approx. 20-30 minutes. The tram number 4 takes 8-10 minutes to the city centre.,"General house rules apply to the apartment: - No loud music, noise or other nuisance in the apartment - No smoking in the apartment or in the common entrance - No drugs - No house parties, no persons permitted in the house except for the people who have booked (after midnight) - For the loss of keys, we charge 20% of the security deposit - CLEANING:  We will take care of cleaning so no need to vacuum or mop the floor but please make sure that the dishes are done and the garbage has been put out on the street on the last pick up day (see information book in house) or dumped in a trash container outside) -If you need to check in to the apartment between 21:00 (9PM) and midnight, this is possible, but there is an additional fee of €25, after midnight that will be €50. Thank you for understanding."
