A  private studio apartment perfect for a young couple visiting Amsterdam. The location is in a lively small street at the heart of the city in a pedestrian-only area. All main tourist sites are within a 10 minute walking distance.,"A small private studio apartment (40 square meters) on the top floor (4th) of an typical old Amsterdam building. Access is through an old squeaky stairway. No elevator! The small fridge has recently upgraded to a larger fridge. (42liter). There is a stove, and a  washing machine. There is a small bathroom with a shower, small sink and a toilet. There is a private roof terrace with a herb/vegetable garden. There is free high speed WIFI.  This is my apartment. I live here. It's where I keep my belongings. Mostly books! Please respect my place and neighborhood!","A  private studio apartment perfect for a young couple visiting Amsterdam. The location is in a lively small street at the heart of the city in a pedestrian-only area. All main tourist sites are within a 10 minute walking distance. A small private studio apartment (40 square meters) on the top floor (4th) of an typical old Amsterdam building. Access is through an old squeaky stairway. No elevator! The small fridge has recently upgraded to a larger fridge. (42liter). There is a stove, and a  washing machine. There is a small bathroom with a shower, small sink and a toilet. There is a private roof terrace with a herb/vegetable garden. There is free high speed WIFI.  This is my apartment. I live here. It's where I keep my belongings. Mostly books! Please respect my place and neighborhood! roof terrace I will be on a trip myself. But I'm always available through airbnb. I have a few friends helping me out with the check in/cleaning. Most spots are in walking distance: Central station, Red ","Most spots are in walking distance: Central station, Red light district, Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum, Stedelijk museum, FOAM museum, Flower market, shopping streets, Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein.",Public transport is all around.,No parties and outgoing behavior! Please be quiet while in the building. Please be quiet while walking the stairs. Thank you!
