"A great location just one train stop (7 minutes) from Schipol, 2 minute walk to public transport which will take you (no transfers) to the City Center.  We also have ""Amsterdam Bikes"" you are welcome to use at your own risk, no charge.  We are close to the Airport and many people to drop off their luggage prior to check in time which is normally available 95% of the time at no charge.  If we don't have guests the night before early check-in may be possible for a 1/2 day fee.","We are renting out what once was our ""Nap Room"".  It is roughly a 3 by 4 meter room with a double bed (200cm by 140cm).  We do have a sleeper ottoman in the room if you are traveling with a small child or don't want to sleep in the same bed as your traveling partner (when folded out 200cm by 80cm).  We provide Free Wifi, towels, umbrella's, travel guides and Amsterdam bikes.  (Unattractive, old, foot brakes, one speed, lovely, fun bikes, perfect for flat Amsterdam) After reading several of our reviews...your expectations maybe way up there.  So to keep it real here are three things people don't like about staying with us: 1. You share the bathroom with us. (But we do have a WC we use while you are here and do try to shower when you are out investigating Amsterdam). People have told us that that stayed 3 and 4 days and never knew they weren't the only ones using it. 2.  You are free to come and go as you please.  You simply have to buzz us and we let you in. That makes some people feel ","A great location just one train stop (7 minutes) from Schipol, 2 minute walk to public transport which will take you (no transfers) to the City Center.  We also have ""Amsterdam Bikes"" you are welcome to use at your own risk, no charge.  We are close to the Airport and many people to drop off their luggage prior to check in time which is normally available 95% of the time at no charge.  If we don't have guests the night before early check-in may be possible for a 1/2 day fee. We are renting out what once was our ""Nap Room"".  It is roughly a 3 by 4 meter room with a double bed (200cm by 140cm).  We do have a sleeper ottoman in the room if you are traveling with a small child or don't want to sleep in the same bed as your traveling partner (when folded out 200cm by 80cm).  We provide Free Wifi, towels, umbrella's, travel guides and Amsterdam bikes.  (Unattractive, old, foot brakes, one speed, lovely, fun bikes, perfect for flat Amsterdam) After reading several of our reviews...your expect","Like Amsterdam, our neighborhood shares cultural diversity. There are more than 200 nationalities living here in Amsterdam which makes it like living in a big hostel.  Our place is far enough out of the Center of town to enjoy the ""morning hush"" but close enough to get to the movie and get popcorn by bike or public transport if it starts in 20 minutes.  We are in the heart of 3 amazing Parks, Vondel Park, Rembrandt Park and Sloterplas so if you are travelling with a dog or a runner this is the place to stay.",Lelylaan Station is a 2 minute walk were Tram 1 or 17 will take you into town.  The train can take you to Schipol Airport or Amsterdam's Central Train Station.  Metro 50 as well as several buses leave from Lelylaan.,"We are non-smokers and NO SMOKING IN THE HOUSE however you are welcome to smoke on the balcony.  We also have a NO SHOE POLICY but provide warm socks at the door where we ask you to leave your shoes to help keep your toes nice, warm and downstairs neighbors happy. NO SLEEPING BAGS: (I used to work in hostels that have had bed bug infestations and those little buggers love to attach themselves to sleeping bags and come with you.  Not in my house thank you.) We have an outdoor locked cupboard you can store them in until you leave.  We promise in turn to provide you with all the comfy linens and bedding you would possibly desire."
