"My trendy and comfortable apartment on the westside of Amsterdam will give you a perfect stay in a great neighborhood. Within 5 minutes you can have a picknick in the famous Erasmusparc, have a nice drink on a terrace or eat at a cozy restaurant!","This apartment has one bedroom,a bathroom, a huge living room, a kitchen and two balconies and is about 60m2. There is free internet. The apartment is 3 minutes from the Erasmuspark, nearby the famous West area Baarsjes, Westerpark and cosy Jordaan district. From the apartment to the city centre (Dam-square) it's only ten minutes with the tram or bus. Public transport is on the corner and bike renting is also on the corner. Around Westerpark you find some interesting shops, restaurant and long canals where is great to visit during the summer and some lovely pubs. The Jordaan is ofcourse the heart of the city and is an attraction you must not miss. The neighbourhood is called Bos & Lommer and is situated in the western part of Amsterdam. It is a quiet, well-organized and nice neighbourhood. There is supermarket around the corner called Albert Heijn. But my personal favourite is the small Turkish supermarket where they sell super fresh fruit and vegetables!  Also around the corner there ","My trendy and comfortable apartment on the westside of Amsterdam will give you a perfect stay in a great neighborhood. Within 5 minutes you can have a picknick in the famous Erasmusparc, have a nice drink on a terrace or eat at a cozy restaurant! This apartment has one bedroom,a bathroom, a huge living room, a kitchen and two balconies and is about 60m2. There is free internet. The apartment is 3 minutes from the Erasmuspark, nearby the famous West area Baarsjes, Westerpark and cosy Jordaan district. From the apartment to the city centre (Dam-square) it's only ten minutes with the tram or bus. Public transport is on the corner and bike renting is also on the corner. Around Westerpark you find some interesting shops, restaurant and long canals where is great to visit during the summer and some lovely pubs. The Jordaan is ofcourse the heart of the city and is an attraction you must not miss. The neighbourhood is called Bos & Lommer and is situated in the western part of Amsterdam. It is ","This neighborhood is fantastic! The Baarsjes is on the corner with really nice restaurants, shops and cafés. Also the Westerpark and the Erasmuspark is the best in spring and summertime.  If you come i will look up all the nice things to do during the days you will stay in Amsterdam. So you won't miss a thing :-)",public transport on the corner bike renting,Threat my place like it is yours..
