"Stay in the center of Amsterdam at one of the most beautiful places. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants and bars. My apartment is close to the city center and will be perfect for a short stay. ","The house is light and although it's located in a cozy street, it's very silent at night. You share the apartment with me, but you will have your private bedroom. My house is your house, so always make yourself comfortable. ","Stay in the center of Amsterdam at one of the most beautiful places. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants and bars. My apartment is close to the city center and will be perfect for a short stay.  The house is light and although it's located in a cozy street, it's very silent at night. You share the apartment with me, but you will have your private bedroom. My house is your house, so always make yourself comfortable.  The apartment: - Sleepingroom  - Walking closet room - Livingroom  - Kitchen  - Bathroom  - Balcony My cousin Youp or my Uncle Jules will be your host, because  I am in New Zealand. They will do everything to give you a pleasant stay.  Youp or Jules will help you with all your questions. Obviously, they can show the way to Amsterdam’s Tourist Highlights, but we’d rather see you get a pinch of localism deriving from our lifelong city experience. The Pijp is located directly south of Amsterdam's city centre and it is part of the borough 'Amsterdam-Zuid'. Mos","The Pijp is located directly south of Amsterdam's city centre and it is part of the borough 'Amsterdam-Zuid'. Most street names in the Pijp are named after Dutch painters The most famous and busiest street market of the Netherlands, the Albert Cuyp Market, is in the Pijp. It is open six days per week and attracts a lot of tourists. The former Heineken brewery is also a popular tourist attraction. Next to the former Heineken brewery is the Marie Heinekenplein, which has a lot of bars and cafes, as well as the near Gerard Douplein. The Pijp has a very diverse population, with a lot of yuppies as well as foreign immigrants (43% of the population is foreign, most of whom are non-western immigrants) and students. Famous Dutch people who have lived in the Pijp include painter Piet Mondriaan, folk singer André Hazes, design team Marvin Oduber and Monika Oduber, as well as actress Carice van Houten. ",The best way to go in Amsterdam is by bike. It's also not a long walk from the apartment to te center (it take's about 20 minutes to Rembrand square). There are several trams close to my apartment (4 and 25).  ,- No smoking inside - Please don't leave dirty dishes  - No loud music after 10 pm  - No pets - Not allowed to bring other people to the appartment.
