,"THE APARTMENT My apartment is located on the second floor of a well maintained apartment building from the 1940’s. On the ground floor a Surinam/Indonesian restaurant is situated The living room has a nice big sofa and a big relaxingchair. Of course a television with also foreign channels. If you are really exhausted you can also hang the hammat in the livingroom. The kitchen is well equipped with all the necessities. The bathroom has the lavatory and a shower and the bathroomfloor is heated. Wifi is there as well. The apartment has a double bedroom (bed size 1.8m x 2m) and the sofa in the livingroom can also be prepared as a double bed. If you're a party of 2 and prefer to sleep separate, please let me know at the time of the reservation, so I take into account clean bed linen for the sofa. Towels and bed linen will be provided.  During the summer you can have a relaxing dinner on the balcony which faces south, and enjoy, if you are lucky, the ecological tomatoes, mint, koriander of s","THE APARTMENT My apartment is located on the second floor of a well maintained apartment building from the 1940’s. On the ground floor a Surinam/Indonesian restaurant is situated The living room has a nice big sofa and a big relaxingchair. Of course a television with also foreign channels. If you are really exhausted you can also hang the hammat in the livingroom. The kitchen is well equipped with all the necessities. The bathroom has the lavatory and a shower and the bathroomfloor is heated. Wifi is there as well. The apartment has a double bedroom (bed size 1.8m x 2m) and the sofa in the livingroom can also be prepared as a double bed. If you're a party of 2 and prefer to sleep separate, please let me know at the time of the reservation, so I take into account clean bed linen for the sofa. Towels and bed linen will be provided.  During the summer you can have a relaxing dinner on the balcony which faces south, and enjoy, if you are lucky, the ecological tomatoes, mint, koriander of s",,,"We would like the tomatoplants and other herbs like koriander, mint, salat etc we grow are either eaten by the guests of lovely treatened with water. Smoking only on the balkony please and we expect the appartment to be treatened as you would at home.."
