"Welcome to my cute, light and clean studio. It is located in Nieuw-West and you'll have it all to yourself. Situated in a quit area and close to public transport, nice cafe's and shops. I will be happy to see you here!","Hi, welcome and take a look around at my apartment.  It's a cute, light and clean studio. It is located in Nieuw-West and you'll have it all to yourself. Do you want to discover Amsterdam short term,  this is the place to be.... Excellent connection to the city center (15 min). The studio is perfect for  two persons. Flexible check in and check out.  Several really nice cafes & restaurants nearby & a couple of supermarkets. Located close to Gerbrandypark and Rembrandpark a really nice green park which is perfect to chill with a blanket or a picnic in nice weather.  - It's 15 minutes by tram/bike to the city centre. - Tram 7 or 14 brings you to 'Leidsesquare', 'Damsquare' and 'Central station' - Westerpark just in 10 min - Bus 21 just in 15 min to Central Station - Metro station  All the stops are at 1 min walk. Includes: - Studio with sofabed which is very comfortable (140x200). Diningtable that suits 4 people, closet and TV. - Kitchen is equipped with all needed equipment (oven, fridg","Welcome to my cute, light and clean studio. It is located in Nieuw-West and you'll have it all to yourself. Situated in a quit area and close to public transport, nice cafe's and shops. I will be happy to see you here! Hi, welcome and take a look around at my apartment.  It's a cute, light and clean studio. It is located in Nieuw-West and you'll have it all to yourself. Do you want to discover Amsterdam short term,  this is the place to be.... Excellent connection to the city center (15 min). The studio is perfect for  two persons. Flexible check in and check out.  Several really nice cafes & restaurants nearby & a couple of supermarkets. Located close to Gerbrandypark and Rembrandpark a really nice green park which is perfect to chill with a blanket or a picnic in nice weather.  - It's 15 minutes by tram/bike to the city centre. - Tram 7 or 14 brings you to 'Leidsesquare', 'Damsquare' and 'Central station' - Westerpark just in 10 min - Bus 21 just in 15 min to Central Station - Metro ",Quit nice area. Several really nice cafes & restaurants and shops nearby & a couple of supermarkets. Located close to Gerbrandypark and Rembrandpark a really nice green park which is perfect to chill with a blanket or a picnic in nice weather. I have written down all the tips for you at my place.,"From Schiphol the most convenient way is to travel to my place is to take an Uber, it takes about 10/15 minutes. Otherwise take any train who stops at Lelylaan and overthere switch on the metro (direction Isolatorweg) to Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan. Than it's 1 minute walking.","Smoking is not permitted inside the building anywhere, but totally fine on the balcony.  No pets are allowed.  I have lovely neighbours who I don't wish to upset with any noise or problems. Please close carefully the building's door when you come in and out. My place is therefore not appropriate for late-night partying and I would request that you be considerate of the neighbours at all times.  Heating is controlled with a simple thermostat but it's important that guests always remember to turn it off (as well as the lights)  when they leave the house, to ensure I can continue to offer a nice nightly rate :)"
