"Artistic apartment in Amsterdam,ecletic, cozy, stylish, spacious  (built in 1930's) 60m2 with garden on ground floor (no typical steep Amsterdam stairs) in central location in lively neighborhood among Dutch and away from tourists. Old West is one the hottest areas of Amsterdam with trendy bars and restaurants. Perfect for a couple and two friends. Maximum 4 people. Everything is within easy reach: supermarket, museum district, famous Vondelpark, canal area and trams stops are around the corner.","Artistic apartment in Amsterdam - cozy and comfortable and 60m2 with a garden of 45m2 with private entrance on the ground floor of an Amsterdam building of 1930's (with no typical very narrow and steep stairs). It's a spacious studio with 2 beds with privacy.  Neighborhood is one of the hottest areas of Amsterdam: 'Old West’ with trendy and fashionable bars and restaurants - away from the crowded touristy city centre and among Dutch people. Perfect for you holiday in Amsterdam! The supermarket is a 2 minutes walk. To the city centre it only takes you about fifteen minutes by foot, five minutes by bicycle and, tram stops are only a two-minute walk from the apartment taking you to different directions. You will make it to the highway in just a couple of minutes. It's not only very close to the city centre, but also to the museum district with the biggest Dutch museums such as Rijksmuseum, van Gogh museum and Stedelijk museum, the canal district and, right around the corner of the famous ","Artistic apartment in Amsterdam,ecletic, cozy, stylish, spacious  (built in 1930's) 60m2 with garden on ground floor (no typical steep Amsterdam stairs) in central location in lively neighborhood among Dutch and away from tourists. Old West is one the hottest areas of Amsterdam with trendy bars and restaurants. Perfect for a couple and two friends. Maximum 4 people. Everything is within easy reach: supermarket, museum district, famous Vondelpark, canal area and trams stops are around the corner. Artistic apartment in Amsterdam - cozy and comfortable and 60m2 with a garden of 45m2 with private entrance on the ground floor of an Amsterdam building of 1930's (with no typical very narrow and steep stairs). It's a spacious studio with 2 beds with privacy.  Neighborhood is one of the hottest areas of Amsterdam: 'Old West’ with trendy and fashionable bars and restaurants - away from the crowded touristy city centre and among Dutch people. Perfect for you holiday in Amsterdam! The supermarket ","Old West, Amsterdam. The neighborhood is one of the trendiest places in Amsterdam and is within walking distance to the city centre, the museum district, the canal area and right around the corner of the Vondelpark  - yet away from crowdy touristy centre.","Public transport is easily accessible and just within two-minutes walking distance. Ten minutes walking distance to center and two minutes by bicyle. Very easily accessible from Central Station, the airport and from highway. --- ROUTE DESCRIPTION FROM SCHIPHOL AIRPORT From Schiphol airport you can take the train (7 minute ride) and get off at Amsterdam Lelylaan (NOT Amsterdam Central Station). Amsterdam Lelylaan is a small station of Amsterdam and it is the first stop from the airport. From there you can take tram nr. 1 heading towards Amsterdam Central Station (NOT Osdorp). You get off at Jan Pieter Heijestraat which is also about 7 minutes. Trains go often and about every 10 to 15 minutes. For departure times you can check the yellow boards at the airport where you also see the platform number.  From tram stop Jan Pieter Heijestraat (where you get off) you walk towards the Jan Pieter Heijestraat (reference points are African restaurant Abyssina on the left corner and on the right a f","For two people and no more than four people at any one time in the apartment, in the garden and on the bench outside. For Airbnb guests staying in the apartment at that moment only! No invitees. No drugs at any one time including joints. No smoking cigarettes in the house (permitted in the garden only). No pets allowed. Keep noise to a minimum. No loud music and no parties in the apartment and in the garden. Don't throw tampons and sanitary napkins in the toilet. Respect the apartment and garden as it would be your own and leave it in a clean state. Thanks!"
