"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There is a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms with comfortable beds, a modern bathroom and a nice garden! There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. The famous Jordaan is only 5 minutes away. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment. I hope to see you soon!","This apartment is bright, renovated apartment and has a garden. The living room is spacious and very comfortable with a great atmosphere. You can just sit down on the couch and relax while watching some television. The kitchen is modern, fully equipped and a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. The bedrooms are both cozy and accommodated with comfortable beds where you really get to rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. The bathroom is very modern and has a big shower where you can relax and fresh yourself up. On top of all of this, there is also a nice garden where you can enjoy a nice cup of coffee or tea all day long. There is also a good wifi connection.  From my home to the center is only 10 minutes by bike.  - The area is quiet and is also pretty close to the city centre. - There is public transport 4 minutes walking from my place  - There are the necessary shops right around the corner.  - The nice and popular Jordaan area is only 5 min by bike. I am ","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There is a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, two bedrooms with comfortable beds, a modern bathroom and a nice garden! There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. The famous Jordaan is only 5 minutes away. I am sure you will have a great time in this apartment. I hope to see you soon! This apartment is bright, renovated apartment and has a garden. The living room is spacious and very comfortable with a great atmosphere. You can just sit down on the couch and relax while watching some television. The kitchen is modern, fully equipped and a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. The bedrooms are both cozy and accommodated with comfortable beds where you really get to rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. The bathroom is very modern and has a big shower","Bos en Lommer is a diverse and family-orientated neighborhood. This district is relatively central and surrounded by parks, it is very close to the Westerpark. Bos en Lommerplein is its own Centre with a outdoor market and its surrounded with different supermarkets and clothing shops. Being chiefly residential, Bos en Lommer dwellers generally head into town for their eating, drinking and culture. However, there are many new eating and drinking opportunities along Bos en Lommerweg, with the multicultural theatre-café Podium Mozaiek, located in a former church, giving the neighborhood some social soul. The Erasmuspark is located in this district, where you can escape the busy city. It is popular to go picnicking or for a nice walk.","The easiest way to get around the city is by bike, but you can also use public transport. Close to the apartment you can find different trams and buses that can take you around the whole city.","Do not have a party, remind that there are neighbours. After 22:00 no loud music. Please don’t trash the place, don’t smoke inside. Other than that enjoy as it is your own apartment."
