"A nice and cozy apartment in neighborhood Oud West. Walking distance Jordaan, Leidseplein, supermarket, public transport, restaurants, Vondelpark! Towels and sheets provided.","Comfortable one bedroom apartment on one of the channels of Amsterdam. It easily fits 2 and is centrally located on a quiet street, just 10minuts walk from Vondelpark and Leidseplein. Easy access to all major tram lines! The apartment has a comfortable living room with a large sofa, tv and dining area to relax after a long day of exploring Amsterdam. Fitted with kitchen that includes all the equipment you will need to prepare your own meals during your stay. The apartment has a private bathroom fitted with a toilet and hot shower.  ","A nice and cozy apartment in neighborhood Oud West. Walking distance Jordaan, Leidseplein, supermarket, public transport, restaurants, Vondelpark! Towels and sheets provided. Comfortable one bedroom apartment on one of the channels of Amsterdam. It easily fits 2 and is centrally located on a quiet street, just 10minuts walk from Vondelpark and Leidseplein. Easy access to all major tram lines! The apartment has a comfortable living room with a large sofa, tv and dining area to relax after a long day of exploring Amsterdam. Fitted with kitchen that includes all the equipment you will need to prepare your own meals during your stay. The apartment has a private bathroom fitted with a toilet and hot shower.  Wifi and a dishwasher Ten Kate market, Vondelpark, Jordaan and negenstraatjes, lot's of nice lunch places and cafés!  Around the corner tram stop for tram 3, 7, 12, 14 and 17. they wil bring you where ever you need to go in east, west and south Amsterdam (multiple trainstation, Leidse s","Ten Kate market, Vondelpark, Jordaan and negenstraatjes, lot's of nice lunch places and cafés! ","Around the corner tram stop for tram 3, 7, 12, 14 and 17. they wil bring you where ever you need to go in east, west and south Amsterdam (multiple trainstation, Leidse square, Museum square).",
