"Hi! Welcome in my cozy private studio with bathroom and terrace. Situated on the top floor of a characteristic Amsterdam house. The studio is located in the popular area 'de Pijp' and it's very close to the van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, and the Albert Cuyp market. Centre of Amsterdam in 5 min.  This place is the place be for city trip's of just just a short visit.","Welcome! You will stay in a cozy studio. The studio includes a small room with two beds and a terrace. Outside the room there is a private shower/WC, storage, fridge and a washing machine. All at the same floor. Use the water cooker and Nespresso machine to enjoy your tea and coffee. Tea and coffee is on the house. Two persons are standard but more is possible. (max 4). There's a sofabed on the floor and an extra bed in the attic of the room but please be aware of the small space in the attic. When you're taller than 180cm I'm afraid the bed in the attic is not for you. It's a characteristic old Amsterdam house in a well-situated location. If you need a cozy, clean room for a city trip with all the basics you need, this is the perfect place for you.","Hi! Welcome in my cozy private studio with bathroom and terrace. Situated on the top floor of a characteristic Amsterdam house. The studio is located in the popular area 'de Pijp' and it's very close to the van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, and the Albert Cuyp market. Centre of Amsterdam in 5 min.  This place is the place be for city trip's of just just a short visit. Welcome! You will stay in a cozy studio. The studio includes a small room with two beds and a terrace. Outside the room there is a private shower/WC, storage, fridge and a washing machine. All at the same floor. Use the water cooker and Nespresso machine to enjoy your tea and coffee. Tea and coffee is on the house. Two persons are standard but more is possible. (max 4). There's a sofabed on the floor and an extra bed in the attic of the room but please be aware of the small space in the attic. When you're taller than 180cm I'm afraid the bed in the attic is not for you. It's a characteristic old Amsterdam house in a well-situ","Located in the ""Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. The area the ""Pijp"" is very popular among young urban professionals. I like this specific area because it's the older and more beautiful part of the ""Pijp""'. You can find a lot of nice restaurants and pubs in the neighborhood. The Rijksmuseum is in sight from here and the house is situated next to a canal.Just a short tram ride south of Central Station & on the border of the historical city center with nice shops, restaurants, pubs. Just around the corner of the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and the ""Heineken"" brewery. Within 5 minutes walk to ""Museum"" square and nightlife center ""Leidseplein"".","There are a lot of possibilities to travel from this point to where ever you want. Walking, bike rental or tram are easy to use. You can park your car in front of the door but it's expensive: € 36,- for a day.  From Schiphol airport to the studio: You can take a cab but's quite expensive. Tip: download or use the Uber app on your smartphone and choose uber pop for low taxi rates.  Another option is to take bus line 397 to station Museumplein. It's a 9 min walk from there to my house. You can check it on (Hidden by Airbnb) Maps. From Central Station:  Tram 24: in the direction to VU Medisch centrum, stop at station 'Marie Heinekenplein'. Then it is a walk of 5 minutes. You can check it on (Hidden by Airbnb) Maps. From Amstel station:  Tram 12: in the direction to Station Sloterdijk, stop Ferdinand Bolstraat.","Because I live on the 3rd floor and also being responsible for my neighbors, there are some little rules: - Please don't play (loud) music;  - No smoking inside;  - Do not smoke weed inside or on the terrace; - Please don't talk at the terrace after 23:00."
