,"I am an argentinian artist living and working in Amsterdam, Leonard, my boyfriend is dutch, and he is a web programmer. We love travelling and welcoming people from all over the world. This time we are travelling from the 28th of may until the 28th of june and our apartment in Amsterdam Rivierenbuurt is available during those dates. The apartment is in a second floor by stairs, with a big kitchen, a cozy living room and dining area, a comfortable sleeping room, a spacious bathroom and a nice view balcony. The apartment is equipped with central heating, free wi-fi, 1 double bed (can be splitted in two), sheets, towels, blankets, a kitchen with a complete utensils.  Its close of the center (25 minutes walking) but in a quiet neighborhood.  There are 3 supermarkets just around the corner.  With tram 4 you can be in 13 minutes in the center. With tram 12 you can be in 12 minutes in the Museumplein. (where the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum are placed) 7 minutes walki","I am an argentinian artist living and working in Amsterdam, Leonard, my boyfriend is dutch, and he is a web programmer. We love travelling and welcoming people from all over the world. This time we are travelling from the 28th of may until the 28th of june and our apartment in Amsterdam Rivierenbuurt is available during those dates. The apartment is in a second floor by stairs, with a big kitchen, a cozy living room and dining area, a comfortable sleeping room, a spacious bathroom and a nice view balcony. The apartment is equipped with central heating, free wi-fi, 1 double bed (can be splitted in two), sheets, towels, blankets, a kitchen with a complete utensils.  Its close of the center (25 minutes walking) but in a quiet neighborhood.  There are 3 supermarkets just around the corner.  With tram 4 you can be in 13 minutes in the center. With tram 12 you can be in 12 minutes in the Museumplein. (where the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum are placed) 7 minutes walki",,,"Please don't smoke inside the house. During working days its recommended to not do noise after 23pm. If you are coming to Amsterdam to party, this is not the right apartment for you."
