"Cozy room with a queen-size double bed, private large bathroom and 'modern chic' shared living. Located next to the lively Leidseplein (City Centre), with the scenic and world-famous Canals of Amsterdam just around the corner. We would love to be the one to host you and share an unforgettable experience of Amsterdam with you. Our subtle stylised and luxurious apartment will contribute to the comfort of your stay. But most of all we like to make your trip a personal and local experience.",,"Cozy room with a queen-size double bed, private large bathroom and 'modern chic' shared living. Located next to the lively Leidseplein (City Centre), with the scenic and world-famous Canals of Amsterdam just around the corner. We would love to be the one to host you and share an unforgettable experience of Amsterdam with you. Our subtle stylised and luxurious apartment will contribute to the comfort of your stay. But most of all we like to make your trip a personal and local experience. You will have access to the shared luxurious living and fully equipped kitchen next to your a private room and private bathroom (which is connected via the living). Wi-Fi is available throughout the apartment and laundry can be taken care of. As we share our living and kitchen with our guests, we are always in for chitchatting at the coffee or a proper conversation with a glass of wine. Further we love to share our recommendation based on your interests. You simply can't stay at a more central place tha","You simply can't stay at a more central place than the Leidseplein. The apartment is located between the square and the Leidsegracht and offers all of Amsterdam around the corner. Whether you are looking for the beauty of the Canal District, the exciting nightlife or one off the maestro's in the museums (eg. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Anne Frank).",For further exploration of the city the Leidseplein offers great public transport with the Tram connections to all corners of the city. Schiphol Airport is greatly connected with a direct bus connection.,"Check-in: from 19:00, as we work during the weekdays. Check-out: flexible to your convenience. Breakfast: is not served, but a cup tea or freshly grounded coffee is available for you in the morning. It is a non-smoking room and apartment."
