"It is a lovely, bright and cosy studio located in the heart of the Jordaan district. My place is located close to Anne Frank House, Westerkerk, the Dam Square and the City Centre! My place is perfect for couples or a group of three friends.","This charming and well equipped studio is located on the fourth floor of an authentic Amsterdam canal house. The studio was just renovated, exposing the original hundred years old wooden beams. It is very bright, with light entering from windows on five sides, including two skylights and canal view.  The studio offers all you need for a comfortable stay, including a fully equipped kitchen, a private bathroom, 32"" flat screen TV, a computer with fast Internet connection, sounds system, DVD, and a telephone, all with no extra charges.  The comfortable king size bed can also be converted to two singles beds. The sofa bed can also accommodate a third guest. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place.","It is a lovely, bright and cosy studio located in the heart of the Jordaan district. My place is located close to Anne Frank House, Westerkerk, the Dam Square and the City Centre! My place is perfect for couples or a group of three friends. This charming and well equipped studio is located on the fourth floor of an authentic Amsterdam canal house. The studio was just renovated, exposing the original hundred years old wooden beams. It is very bright, with light entering from windows on five sides, including two skylights and canal view.  The studio offers all you need for a comfortable stay, including a fully equipped kitchen, a private bathroom, 32"" flat screen TV, a computer with fast Internet connection, sounds system, DVD, and a telephone, all with no extra charges.  The comfortable king size bed can also be converted to two singles beds. The sofa bed can also accommodate a third guest. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place. You will have access to the entire apartment. Make","The Jordaan district is the place to live if you are in Amsterdam. While located in the centre of Amsterdam, it is safe, charming and residential, known for it's many bridges, cafes, restaurants, galleries and markets.","The location is ideal for exploring Amsterdam by bike, foot, or public transport. The tram stop on Rozengracht just outside the door, you can take a line 13 or 17 from there to get to the Central Station.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Smoking and using drugs in the apartment and the complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - Please keep the noise down, especially when entering the complex. After all, you share the building with other people living there.  - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mail man, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - We guarantee a clean house when checking in. When checking out, please leave the apartment closely to the same state as it was provided to you, in order to avoid double cleaning charges;  - No music after 22:00;  - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - Make sure to turn off the lights, heating and gas nozzle when it is not needed - respect the environment;  - No house parties;  - Please do not park your bikes directly in front of the apartment, but in a designated area only;  - Please be aware of the check in and check out times. These are after 15.00 PM and before 1"
