"This cozy new 2-bedroom apartment is located in a quiet area, but within walking distance of city centr. The app features a gourmet kitchen, spacious bathroom with bath and separate shower, separate toilet and a spacious bedroom with large balcony.","The apartment has a spacious living room with a comfortable couch. The kitchen is also situated in this room and is equipped with all modern conveniences including large fridge with freezer compartment, dishwasher and microwave. In the room there is a table where you can eat with 5 people, if you can not eat outside on the spacious balcony. Furthermore, the house has a spacious modern bathroom with aseparate shower and bath and separate toilet. At the back is the bedroom located with a spacious and comfortable double bed. Adjacent to the bedroom is the spacious balcony. On summer evenings you can have dinner outside or recover from the day and enjoy Amsterdam in a unique way!","This cozy new 2-bedroom apartment is located in a quiet area, but within walking distance of city centr. The app features a gourmet kitchen, spacious bathroom with bath and separate shower, separate toilet and a spacious bedroom with large balcony. The apartment has a spacious living room with a comfortable couch. The kitchen is also situated in this room and is equipped with all modern conveniences including large fridge with freezer compartment, dishwasher and microwave. In the room there is a table where you can eat with 5 people, if you can not eat outside on the spacious balcony. Furthermore, the house has a spacious modern bathroom with aseparate shower and bath and separate toilet. At the back is the bedroom located with a spacious and comfortable double bed. Adjacent to the bedroom is the spacious balcony. On summer evenings you can have dinner outside or recover from the day and enjoy Amsterdam in a unique way! Guests can make use of all the amenities of the apartment, such as","The apartment is located in a quiet neighbourhood in Amsterdam West, adjacent to the city centre. Within 10 minutes walking you are on the bustling Leidseplein or in the trendy 9-streets area. Once home, you will not suffer from the crowds, but you will experience the feeling of living in Amsterdam.","There is a tram and busstop within 5 minutes walking distance, going to the central station or the city city. Furthermore, there are several buses that go directly to the airport or locations outside of Amsterdam. At the end of the street there is a possibility to rent bicycles, which is obviously the best way to explore Amsterdam!",Smoking is only permitted outside on the balcony.  Pets allowed on request.
