++Please ask me about availability before making a reservation. Thanks!++ Experience Amsterdam to the max with this cozy 1-bedroom house (incl. garden) that's located in a quiet area but has all the attractions within walking or biking distance.,"Experience Amsterdam to the max with this cozy 1-bedroom, 1-big livingroom, 1-spacious kitchen home (including garden) that's located in a quiet area but has all the attractions within walking or biking distance.  The 60m2 house, with 26m2 garden is completely furnished and fully equipped. It even has a bath (when you're tired of cycling through this beautiful city)  The house is located only 5 minutes from the Vondelpark and if you go through the Vondelpark you're already in the town centre.  And you don't have to starve while staying at this place, because there are a couple of supermarkets (closest one is only a 3,5-minute walk), there are restaurants, a snack bar, bakeries, butchers close by).  There's a tram stop only 5 minutes from the house that brings you directly to the centre and central station.  It's there. And it's waiting for you.  ps. Even as a non-smoker I can imagine you would like to smoke a cigarette every now and then. So that's why I offer you my whole garden for t","++Please ask me about availability before making a reservation. Thanks!++ Experience Amsterdam to the max with this cozy 1-bedroom house (incl. garden) that's located in a quiet area but has all the attractions within walking or biking distance. Experience Amsterdam to the max with this cozy 1-bedroom, 1-big livingroom, 1-spacious kitchen home (including garden) that's located in a quiet area but has all the attractions within walking or biking distance.  The 60m2 house, with 26m2 garden is completely furnished and fully equipped. It even has a bath (when you're tired of cycling through this beautiful city)  The house is located only 5 minutes from the Vondelpark and if you go through the Vondelpark you're already in the town centre.  And you don't have to starve while staying at this place, because there are a couple of supermarkets (closest one is only a 3,5-minute walk), there are restaurants, a snack bar, bakeries, butchers close by).  There's a tram stop only 5 minutes from the ho","It's quiet, relaxed, good transportation and close to the Vondelpark or public transport direct to the centre.",Trams to centre within 5 min walk Buses within 1 min walk,Max 2 persons Smoking only allowed in the garden (sorry for that...but my ceiling has recently been painted white and I want to keep it that way as long as possible ;) )
