"newly renovated fully legal (short stay permit!) 1 bedroom apartment in the middle of the Jordaan area, close to markets, canals, the An Frank House and bars Ideal for a single or a couple. lay out: entrance on the 3rd(top) floor; complete equipped kitchen; living room with sofa; digital TV, Wifi, separate toilet; bedroom with open connected bathroom  (massage shower) and cupboard with washer/dryer. only suitable for a single person or a couple minimum stay 7 nights","cozy 1 bedroom apartment in the wanted Jordaan area. Close to canals, bars, restaurants, supermarkets and all the nice things and musea Amsterdam has to offer! Lay out: entrance on the 3rd floor; complete equipped kitchen; living room with sofa; digital TV, Wifi, separate toilet; bedroom with conected bathroom and cupboard.","newly renovated fully legal (short stay permit!) 1 bedroom apartment in the middle of the Jordaan area, close to markets, canals, the An Frank House and bars Ideal for a single or a couple. lay out: entrance on the 3rd(top) floor; complete equipped kitchen; living room with sofa; digital TV, Wifi, separate toilet; bedroom with open connected bathroom  (massage shower) and cupboard with washer/dryer. only suitable for a single person or a couple minimum stay 7 nights cozy 1 bedroom apartment in the wanted Jordaan area. Close to canals, bars, restaurants, supermarkets and all the nice things and musea Amsterdam has to offer! Lay out: entrance on the 3rd floor; complete equipped kitchen; living room with sofa; digital TV, Wifi, separate toilet; bedroom with conected bathroom and cupboard. all If guests/occupants have any issues with the apartment or questions about features in the apartment or the direct area I can Always be reached via my mobile. Also I can Always be there in about 30 mi",The apartment is located in the wanted Jordaan area. This is a typical Amsterdam area. A mix of new buildings/old buildings/locals/expats and tourists. The Anne Frank house is on a 3 minute walk and so is the 9 Streets Area. Also Dam Square is close with the Royal Palace and the Bijenkorf department store. The Museum district is on a (pleasant) 20 minute walk.,it is 15 minute walk to Central station. To the Rozengracht it is a 5 minute walk. From there all areas can be reached.,NO DRUGS/NON SMOKING/NO BBQ/NO PARTY APARTMENT. the apartment is only available for: singles couples or small families NOT SUITABLE FOR 3 SINGLE PERSONS Officially licensed short stay apartment! A minimum booking of 7 nights is required.
