Warm and cozy apartment in the Wilhelminastraat in Amsterdam-West.  Just a five minute walk to the lovely Vondelpark.,"This 50m2 space with high ceilings is perfectly suited for couples who like to experience a city as locals. Entrance at the second floor. You walk into the open kitchen. There is a small bathroom with a toilet and a shower (the bathroom has no washbasin). The kitchen has a dishwasher, a washing machine and a clothes dryer. Here you also find the entrance to the balcony. Next to the kitchen is the dining room. The living room is the piece the resistance of our apartment. The space and lighting gives you a feeling of freedom which is ideal for afternoon relaxing or watching tv.  Around the corner in the living room there is a 160x200 bed with a high quality matrass. The street is quietly, so you will sleep like a baby.  Linen and towels are provided. We will make sure some cold beers and wine awaits you on arrival so you can immediately have a proper start to your holiday.","Warm and cozy apartment in the Wilhelminastraat in Amsterdam-West.  Just a five minute walk to the lovely Vondelpark. This 50m2 space with high ceilings is perfectly suited for couples who like to experience a city as locals. Entrance at the second floor. You walk into the open kitchen. There is a small bathroom with a toilet and a shower (the bathroom has no washbasin). The kitchen has a dishwasher, a washing machine and a clothes dryer. Here you also find the entrance to the balcony. Next to the kitchen is the dining room. The living room is the piece the resistance of our apartment. The space and lighting gives you a feeling of freedom which is ideal for afternoon relaxing or watching tv.  Around the corner in the living room there is a 160x200 bed with a high quality matrass. The street is quietly, so you will sleep like a baby.  Linen and towels are provided. We will make sure some cold beers and wine awaits you on arrival so you can immediately have a proper start to your holiday","This location is perfect in the sense that it borders the city centre which means all highlights are within walking distance. Furthermore, the area Old-West is the most quaint and up-coming neighbourhood with endless amounts of boutique shops, coffee bars and restaurants.",Easily accessible by public transport from all train stations.,Straightforward - please do not smoke inside and respect our neighbors.
