"Welcome to my home! It's cozy in a quiet street but just around the corner of the Javaplein, the heart of vibrant Amsterdam-East! The Javastraat is packed with nice bars and restaurants so you don't even have to leave. But with great public transport connections you can reach the city centre in just 10 minutes. One quiet bedroom and a comfy sleeping sofa for 1. Ideal for a couple but you can stay with 3 comfortably. Enjoy the lazy hammock-for-two and this very nice part of town!","The apartment is situated in a monumental building and breathes a peaceful atmosphere. (1920's / by architect Berlage > check Wikipedia!)  Authentic wooden floor of planks upon which cheese was stowed. One bedroom with Queensize bed and in the livingroom one comfortable bed couch (1 person) and a lazy XXL-hammock... - Fully equipped kitchen - Free WiFi - Washingmachine + dryer - Dishwasher - No smoking inside - IMPORTANT: Sorry for all you weedsmokers   NO USE OF SOFT or HARDDRUGS inside my   apartment. Enjoy your stay and please let me know how your time has been in Amsterdam! Best wishes, Bart","Welcome to my home! It's cozy in a quiet street but just around the corner of the Javaplein, the heart of vibrant Amsterdam-East! The Javastraat is packed with nice bars and restaurants so you don't even have to leave. But with great public transport connections you can reach the city centre in just 10 minutes. One quiet bedroom and a comfy sleeping sofa for 1. Ideal for a couple but you can stay with 3 comfortably. Enjoy the lazy hammock-for-two and this very nice part of town! The apartment is situated in a monumental building and breathes a peaceful atmosphere. (1920's / by architect Berlage > check Wikipedia!)  Authentic wooden floor of planks upon which cheese was stowed. One bedroom with Queensize bed and in the livingroom one comfortable bed couch (1 person) and a lazy XXL-hammock... - Fully equipped kitchen - Free WiFi - Washingmachine + dryer - Dishwasher - No smoking inside - IMPORTANT: Sorry for all you weedsmokers   NO USE OF SOFT or HARDDRUGS inside my   apartment. Enjoy y","Neighbourhood (Indische Buurt) is vibrant and booming. Plenty of international restaurants just around the corner, varying from Asian to European and Middle-Eastern cuisine.  Nice clubs, bars and lunchcafés in the neighbourhood. Two luscious parks at walking distance. Dappermarkt is one of the country’s oldest - and best - outdoor markets. It forms the multicultural heart of the neighbourhood along with such major arteries as Javastraat, which provides every manner of global grocery and features upscale cafes, restaurants and terraces. One of the city’s largest general hospitals, OLVG, is also located here. Two stellar city parks, Oosterpark and Flevopark, provide quick escape from the relatively busy streets. Besides many cheap ethnic eateries and supermarkets, the area is attracting much more higher-end cafes and restaurants who are often re-inventing many of the area’s industrial monuments. On sunny days, the parks and terraces are filled with nice people.","Public transportation right in front of the doorstep or rent a bicycle, both taking you in 10 minutes to downtown Amsterdam!  How to get from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport to the apartment (45 minutes): 1. Train to AMSTERDAM CENTRAL STATION (runs 6 times per hour and it takes 15 minutes to get to Central Station). 2. From CENTRAL STATION, take BUS 22 towards INDISCHE BUURT (ask the busdriver) and stop at MOLUKKENSTRAAT (this takes about 20 minutes). 3. Walk 100 meters in the direction where the bus came from, passing the square. On your right handside you'll see the BALISTRAAT.  ------------------------------------------- Parking in all of Amsterdam is payed and is quite expensive (around €3 per hour). My advice is to park your car at a so called 'P&R'. These parkinglots are around €7 per day and offer easy public transport to the centre, or in this case, to my apartment. The closest one to my address is P&R-Zeeburg. Just navigate to: Zuiderzeeweg 46a  1095 KJ Amsterdam From there take bu","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
