"A stylish typical Amsterdam studio in the heart of the Jordaan district. Brown cafés, boutiques, nice delis and fantastic restaurants are all around the corner. It's super central, walking distance to most attractions and sights.","The space The old wooden floors and ceiling make this a typical Amsterdam studio, including the fact that the apartment is quite crooked due to its ancient wooden foundation. It has a great feel, I've never felt home as soon anywhere  as I did when I moved in here. It's feels spacious and light, with basic amenities in a super central location. The centerpiece has to be the ""bedstee"", an historic Dutch bed, build in the wall. Sleeps like a charm, very cozy and I'm sure there's not a more authentic Dutch way to spend the night in Amsterdam. Just recently I renovated the bathroom.","A stylish typical Amsterdam studio in the heart of the Jordaan district. Brown cafés, boutiques, nice delis and fantastic restaurants are all around the corner. It's super central, walking distance to most attractions and sights. The space The old wooden floors and ceiling make this a typical Amsterdam studio, including the fact that the apartment is quite crooked due to its ancient wooden foundation. It has a great feel, I've never felt home as soon anywhere  as I did when I moved in here. It's feels spacious and light, with basic amenities in a super central location. The centerpiece has to be the ""bedstee"", an historic Dutch bed, build in the wall. Sleeps like a charm, very cozy and I'm sure there's not a more authentic Dutch way to spend the night in Amsterdam. Just recently I renovated the bathroom. The host I'll be happy to show you around, most of the tourist traps are right around the corner. I have a cultural background, know my city by heart, so feel free to ask me anything. ","Overview Everything is really nice here. Historic houses everywhere, canals, nice cafe's, superb restaurants and top museums, all at a stones throw. I still daily enjoy simply walking up to the super market. Most nice sights are walking distance, like the Anne Franks house, Damsquare or the famous 9 streets-district. Public transport stop is a 2 min walk and takes you anywhere. ",How to get around Be fearless and rent a bike.,Please no smoking.
