"This one room is located in the Rivierenbuurt, a peaceful neighbourhood about 5 minutes walk from the RAI. All the amenities are in the room for a comfortable and private stay: bed, bathroom with shower, wifi, etc... There is also a waterboiler to make some coffee or tea. Just renovated!","This is a cozy room with all the amenities: bed for two, bathroom/shower, wifi, heating, etc...","This one room is located in the Rivierenbuurt, a peaceful neighbourhood about 5 minutes walk from the RAI. All the amenities are in the room for a comfortable and private stay: bed, bathroom with shower, wifi, etc... There is also a waterboiler to make some coffee or tea. Just renovated! This is a cozy room with all the amenities: bed for two, bathroom/shower, wifi, heating, etc... You have private access to everything in the room. There is a shared washer and dryer on the same floor which you are welcome to use. The private room is on the 4th floor. We share the stairwell with our neighbours on the 3rd floor, so please no loud talking or singing :) The Rivierenbuurt (Rivers Neighborhood) is one of the most pleasant in Amsterdam. Very peaceful, near to both nature (the Amstel River and plenty of local parks) and the city (closest to the Pijp). Both the Museumplein and Downtown are 10 minutes away with the bicycle or by tram (with a stop close by). The famous Albert Cuyp market is withi","The Rivierenbuurt (Rivers Neighborhood) is one of the most pleasant in Amsterdam. Very peaceful, near to both nature (the Amstel River and plenty of local parks) and the city (closest to the Pijp). Both the Museumplein and Downtown are 10 minutes away with the bicycle or by tram (with a stop close by). The famous Albert Cuyp market is within walking distance and there are plenty of shops of all kinds, including all the basics, also within 1 to 2 minutes walk.","Tram 4 to the center (10-20 minutes) is a 5 minute walk from our front door. There is also a new metro from the RAI convention centre which gets downtown very fast. If you are bike savvy there is also a rental place around the corner.  Amsterdam is an extremely bike friendly city, to put it mildly.","Please be mindful of the neighbours below and quiet in the stairwell. Please no smoking, no extra guests or visitors and no loud music. Nothing in the toilet besides toilet paper."
