"When I'm on holiday you can rent my whole house.  There is some private stuff like books, cd's and vinyl but plenty space around, one really, really huge bed (2,5 x 2,2 meter!), one extra room we use for clothes. One photography darkroom where you can store some stuff. A large kitchen, bathroom etc... (p.s. those 8 cancellation are there because my best friend started to live here a few years back, now only renting the place out for short periods when I'm away)","One large living room with a huge king size bed (2,5 x 2,2 meters!!). Flexible check in and check out. Check in between 10 and 18. Includes:  - tea, (the best coffee cafe of the whole Netherlands is around the corner! Caffènation..) - all kitchen equipment, oil, herbs etc - wifi, - shampoo, tooth paste & towels,  - you can smoke (we don't), - you can use the fridge and kitchen - the best info on Amsterdam's club scene Close to: -- CITY CENTRE: it's 10 minutes by tram/bike to the city centre or a 20 minutes walk through the Vondelpark. - end of the street: tram 2 (10 min till 'Leidsesquare', 20 m 'the Dam'/'Central station') - 5 minutes walk tram 1 - 3 minutes 'Hoofddorpplein' with all the shops you could wish for - 4½ minute walk till the Vondelpark You'll be alone in the house, so loads of privacy!! Getting here: From Schiphol it's 1 trainstop to station Lelylaan and then a 12 minutes walk.  From central you take tram 2 till my street, a 3 minutes walk.","When I'm on holiday you can rent my whole house.  There is some private stuff like books, cd's and vinyl but plenty space around, one really, really huge bed (2,5 x 2,2 meter!), one extra room we use for clothes. One photography darkroom where you can store some stuff. A large kitchen, bathroom etc... (p.s. those 8 cancellation are there because my best friend started to live here a few years back, now only renting the place out for short periods when I'm away) One large living room with a huge king size bed (2,5 x 2,2 meters!!). Flexible check in and check out. Check in between 10 and 18. Includes:  - tea, (the best coffee cafe of the whole Netherlands is around the corner! Caffènation..) - all kitchen equipment, oil, herbs etc - wifi, - shampoo, tooth paste & towels,  - you can smoke (we don't), - you can use the fridge and kitchen - the best info on Amsterdam's club scene Close to: -- CITY CENTRE: it's 10 minutes by tram/bike to the city centre or a 20 minutes walk through the Vonde","The neighborhood has some great architecture, plenty shops, 6 supermarkets on equal distance in all directions to choose from!",We can talk about using a bike...,
