"Westerpark is one of the most fantastic areas of Amsterdam! The space is 7min. from the station with the bus, 2 min. on the bike to the  gorgeous & 'happening' (for all ages!) Wester Park itself, a 15 min. stroll to the Jordaan & canals, centre 20min","First of all thanks for taking an interest in my apartment!  It's light, bright and airy, and even if it's a rainy, better-to-stay-indoors day (of which there are quite a lot in the Netherlands :)), it's difficult not feel cheerful because of the mix of colors and light in the apartment. In regards to the design, I've gone for an Arabic/Mediterranean look and it may be interesting for you to know that most of the furnishings (couch, wall cabinet, coffee table and double bed) I've thought up and made myself - I just love to make things and I am an avid do-it-self-er whenever possible.   In square meters it may be relatively small but the layout is so well thought out that even with 4 people you can maintain privacy. The half open kitchen/living room is together 24m2 and I've put a lot of thought into maximising the space in regards to storage and where I've placed the furnishings.  As you can also see in the living room photos there is a beautiful, massive tree which gives the living ro","Westerpark is one of the most fantastic areas of Amsterdam! The space is 7min. from the station with the bus, 2 min. on the bike to the  gorgeous & 'happening' (for all ages!) Wester Park itself, a 15 min. stroll to the Jordaan & canals, centre 20min First of all thanks for taking an interest in my apartment!  It's light, bright and airy, and even if it's a rainy, better-to-stay-indoors day (of which there are quite a lot in the Netherlands :)), it's difficult not feel cheerful because of the mix of colors and light in the apartment. In regards to the design, I've gone for an Arabic/Mediterranean look and it may be interesting for you to know that most of the furnishings (couch, wall cabinet, coffee table and double bed) I've thought up and made myself - I just love to make things and I am an avid do-it-self-er whenever possible.   In square meters it may be relatively small but the layout is so well thought out that even with 4 people you can maintain privacy. The half open kitchen/li","To me, this neighborhood is a perfect, lively balance of cultures and classes and has something fun for everyone. There are numerous cafe-bars and eating possibilities (I will provide you with a guide to the coolest/tastiest/moderately priced places upon booking - it's not possible to add websites to the airbnb site of course),  playgrounds for children and hangout places for teenagers (basketball court and skateboard park),  a high quality coffeeshop and let's not forget the Westergasterrein, which is one big work of art itself with its old renovated factories and industrial buildings and random artworks throughout. There is even a little cinema (the building is awesome), a pretty cool nightclub (also an old factory building - the Westerunie is it's name) and several quiet nature spots and routes to follow.  The architecture never ceases to amaze me!  Of course, it's difficult to beat the canals and its gorgeous houses, but here in the neighborhood the buildings have a whole style of ",I have compiled a comprehensive getting around town manual which you will also receive upon booking.,"No (cigarette) smoking inside please, you can use the little balcony if you'd like. In the Netherlands we take a lot of care not to disturb our neighbours so between 10 p.m. and 9 a.m. please  no loud noises and just in general keep things quiet when you're in the apartment. Also, when you're coming in and out of the apartment be careful not to let the entrance door slam and be quiet going up and down the stairs."
