"The apartment is in a great location, recently renovated, and furnished with everything you need, including a sunny balcony, and wifi. It's also two minutes walk from  1. a big park 2. a lively square (with restaurants, cafes, grocery store, ice cream parlors, etc.) 3. trams and buses (10 mins to center).","1 bedroom apartment with 1 bathroom, full kitchen, and balcony in Amsterdam West (inside the city ring). Close to tram and bus stops, bike rental store, shops and cafes in the beautiful neighbourhood of the Baarsjes, right next to Mercatorplein.  It's 10 mins to the city center with tram/bike. It's fully furnished with my stuff and has various appliances you can use while I'm out of the country (washing machine/dryer-combi, oven/microwave-combi, dishwasher, iron, etc.) The apartment is on the second floor (two flights up).","The apartment is in a great location, recently renovated, and furnished with everything you need, including a sunny balcony, and wifi. It's also two minutes walk from  1. a big park 2. a lively square (with restaurants, cafes, grocery store, ice cream parlors, etc.) 3. trams and buses (10 mins to center). 1 bedroom apartment with 1 bathroom, full kitchen, and balcony in Amsterdam West (inside the city ring). Close to tram and bus stops, bike rental store, shops and cafes in the beautiful neighbourhood of the Baarsjes, right next to Mercatorplein.  It's 10 mins to the city center with tram/bike. It's fully furnished with my stuff and has various appliances you can use while I'm out of the country (washing machine/dryer-combi, oven/microwave-combi, dishwasher, iron, etc.) The apartment is on the second floor (two flights up). You can use and access all parts of the apartment.  The building entrance downstairs and the  stairway is shared with the upstairs neighbours. Please try to be quie","The apartment is on a very quiet residential street. But literally right around the corner there's a bustling public square and main street where you'll find basically anything you want to eat or drink. Cute coffee places with Wifi, affordable fast food, fancy restaurants, ice cream, bikes, groceries, and even a couple of clothing boutiques. It's not a touristy area here at all. But it's just 10 minutes travel time to the very heart of the city.  Rembrandt Park is a lovely place in the summer and that's literally 2 minutes walk from the front door. There's another cute park nearby as well - it's slightly further away but still within walking distance.","Tram 13 and bus 18 leave from the stop right around the corner and will take you into town and to central station for a couple of euros. Cabs are almost always right outside since there's a taxi depot right on the corner. Tram 7 will take you straight to Leidseplein in 10-15 mins, Amsterdam's major tourist district with lots of cultural and entertainment venues. Stay on the 7 to go all the way to the east of the city.","Basically, I want it back the way I left it. Thanks!"
