Conveniently located in a very typical and lively street between the Center and Jordaan districts. The airport shuttle bus and many trams stop close by. Very spacious for it´s location with a fully equipped and separate kitchen. There is a balcony in the kitchen and also a common roof terrace.,"Modern and bright apartment fully furnished and equipped located on the second floor of a relatively modern building which, in Amsterdam, means normal stairs and modern facilities. The flat consists of an entrance hall/mud room, bedroom with double bed, full bathroom with shower, living room, kitchen and balcony. There is also a common roof-terrace (shared by all neighbors). The kitchen is fully equipped for anything you want to cook, although the restaurants around  will surely tempt you! For breakfast there are all sorts of teas and coffees (including a Nespresso machine).","Conveniently located in a very typical and lively street between the Center and Jordaan districts. The airport shuttle bus and many trams stop close by. Very spacious for it´s location with a fully equipped and separate kitchen. There is a balcony in the kitchen and also a common roof terrace. Modern and bright apartment fully furnished and equipped located on the second floor of a relatively modern building which, in Amsterdam, means normal stairs and modern facilities. The flat consists of an entrance hall/mud room, bedroom with double bed, full bathroom with shower, living room, kitchen and balcony. There is also a common roof-terrace (shared by all neighbors). The kitchen is fully equipped for anything you want to cook, although the restaurants around  will surely tempt you! For breakfast there are all sorts of teas and coffees (including a Nespresso machine). I can help you with any directions or information you might need, I will be in Amsterdam most of the time, and if not reach","The house is located between the Center and Jordaan districts, which means that you are within walking distance of anywhere in the center of Amsterdam. The apartment is 30 meters away from Prinsengracht and the “9 Little streets” and their shops, galleries and restaurants. The street itself is very well known Amsterdam commercial area and has anything you might need: late-open supermarket, restaurants and take-aways, bakery, drug-store, etc…   Staying here will make you experience what it is really like to live in Amsterdam!","There is a transport hub within 2 minutes walk, with all public transports going all around the city and neighboring villages, including a direct bus to the airport and connections to Central Station every 5 minutes.","We have a no-shoe policy in the house but we have plenty of comfy slippers at your disposal and the floors are wood, so nice and warm anyway. Only allowed to smoke in the balcony, might be a bit chilly at times but always very entertaining to look down on the street! The only special house rule is to please respect the neighbors and avoid noises at odd times."
