My home is your home. ,"If you want to explore the city (and the rest of The Netherlands) this is the spot. It is conveniently closely located to all sorts of public transport, other neighborhoods can be easily reached. The apartment is cosy, cute, light and comfortable. You will find anything that you need here. And if the sun shines you can enjoy it on my big sofa inside through the windows or on a lounge stretcher on the balcony. ","My home is your home.  If you want to explore the city (and the rest of The Netherlands) this is the spot. It is conveniently closely located to all sorts of public transport, other neighborhoods can be easily reached. The apartment is cosy, cute, light and comfortable. You will find anything that you need here. And if the sun shines you can enjoy it on my big sofa inside through the windows or on a lounge stretcher on the balcony.  There is a basement where you can stall your bikes, you can use my bike.  I will be away. East is a mixed neighborhood that is getting gentrified with more and more cute shops, cafes and so on. There are a lot of young people hanging around there. It is hip and happening but still has the less touristy feel or overcrowded atmosphere that characterizes the centre. Supermarket and a train station is only 5 minutes away. And the location is perfect to explore the rest of the city.  There is tram, subway, train and bus in walking distance. From the airport take","East is a mixed neighborhood that is getting gentrified with more and more cute shops, cafes and so on. There are a lot of young people hanging around there. It is hip and happening but still has the less touristy feel or overcrowded atmosphere that characterizes the centre. Supermarket and a train station is only 5 minutes away. And the location is perfect to explore the rest of the city. ","There is tram, subway, train and bus in walking distance. From the airport take the train to Station Bijlmer or Station Rai, or WTC, from there go to Station Amstel.","You can take and use anything you want, just if you empty something it would be nice if you would replace it."
