"intimate and quiet, king size bed that can also be split up in two single beds, wifi, TV. We are in a great peaceful area of Amsterdam with lots of good international restaurants and cozy cafe's a beautiful park and around corner of RAI congress center,   Near elegant  Beethovenstraat and the Albert Cuyp street market and  the Museum quarter within 15 minutes you are in the  center of town","David is a charming room, not too big but plenty of space  to have fun in the king size bed that can also be  made up as two single beds. You have wifi and tv, hairdryer also there is a coffee and tea maker There is a nice bathroom down the hall only to be shared with the guests from the Goliath room. This David room  has artistic paintings and art books . If you want to smoke or have some fresh air you can sit in our lucious garden.","intimate and quiet, king size bed that can also be split up in two single beds, wifi, TV. We are in a great peaceful area of Amsterdam with lots of good international restaurants and cozy cafe's a beautiful park and around corner of RAI congress center,   Near elegant  Beethovenstraat and the Albert Cuyp street market and  the Museum quarter within 15 minutes you are in the  center of town David is a charming room, not too big but plenty of space  to have fun in the king size bed that can also be  made up as two single beds. You have wifi and tv, hairdryer also there is a coffee and tea maker There is a nice bathroom down the hall only to be shared with the guests from the Goliath room. This David room  has artistic paintings and art books . If you want to smoke or have some fresh air you can sit in our lucious garden. They can  use the entire living room  from  8 am till 11 am for breakfast, chill out in the lovely garden,  where they can  smoke or  sit and  read a book or do some ema","The Happy House is a magnificent villa, with luscious garden where it is nice and quiet, yet near  charming and elegant Beethovenstraat full of shops and great restaurants. Tram line 5 and  24  are just around the corner and take you within 10 minutes to Rijksmuseum or city centre. Interesting things like visit to Rijksmuseum or Leidseplein centre  can be done on foot within  a fifteen minute walk.  ","we offer  parking in our own private  garage in front of our house for euro 30 per day and we can also  rent you bikes for euro 12.50 per day  . We have one lovely little doggy and  two adorable young Siamese cats , who don't set paw in your bedroom. if you  wish you can  bring a small animal along. Just  let  us know before you come what  size it is. price per day per animal is  euro 20","you can come and go as you wish, at any time of the day  or night Just  no smoking please IN  the house,  but since there is a big garden and some rooms have even balconies you can  smoke there."
