"Spacious luxury penthouse, very light... facing south in the very centre of Amsterdam. Large roof terrace (16sq meter), 2 bedrooms, great bathroom with toilet shower and bath,","Welcome! You will be staying in a superb and very comfortable penthouse. It is 105 sq meter and has a 16 sq meter terrace which is FACING SOUTH.  As you can see from the pictures there is a luxurious walk-in shower and separate bath. The apartment building is located in central Amsterdam on Waterloosquare: the very popular Waterloo flea market is open daily. (exept Sundays) You will stay approximately 500 meters from Rembrandtsquare and 1 km from Damsquare. The Metro and tram are around the corner. Waterlooplein is a stop on the common part of metro lines 51, 53, and 54. Tram lines 9 and 14 and the Museumboot water taxi also stop at Waterlooplein. There is a taxi stand and parking garage. The hermitage Amsterdam museum is only 400 meters away and a few of the famous Amsterdam bridges over the canals are exactly in this area too. The regular supermarket which is open till 22.00 hrs and a very nice biological supermarket are both within 25 meters of the doorstep. There are 2 elevators in","Spacious luxury penthouse, very light... facing south in the very centre of Amsterdam. Large roof terrace (16sq meter), 2 bedrooms, great bathroom with toilet shower and bath, Welcome! You will be staying in a superb and very comfortable penthouse. It is 105 sq meter and has a 16 sq meter terrace which is FACING SOUTH.  As you can see from the pictures there is a luxurious walk-in shower and separate bath. The apartment building is located in central Amsterdam on Waterloosquare: the very popular Waterloo flea market is open daily. (exept Sundays) You will stay approximately 500 meters from Rembrandtsquare and 1 km from Damsquare. The Metro and tram are around the corner. Waterlooplein is a stop on the common part of metro lines 51, 53, and 54. Tram lines 9 and 14 and the Museumboot water taxi also stop at Waterlooplein. There is a taxi stand and parking garage. The hermitage Amsterdam museum is only 400 meters away and a few of the famous Amsterdam bridges over the canals are exactly i",,,"I took the freedom to copy  the AirBNB recommendations for travellers:  Please respect the space you are in and treat the dwelling as if it were your own home. Be considerate & respectful. Please, No smoking inside the apartment (of course yes on terrace). Of course, you can invite friends over but it is not allowed to let them sleep over. Parties or pets are not allowed. Rental is calculated accordingly to the number of occupants.  Thanks a lot and enjoy your stay in beautiful Amsterdam. François (Franciscus)"
