"Welcome to my charming ground-floor apartment in “de pijp”, one of the most vibrant and popular neighborhoods in Amsterdam.","My lovely home will be all yours during your stay. There is 1 bedroom with a comfortable double bed. If you wish to come to my place with more than 2 people, extra persons can sleep on an airbed I will provide for you. In my apartment you will also find a nice bathroom and a cosy living room which is connected to a modern, fully equipped kitchen. There is also a beautiful private sunny garden, where you can relax in my trendy and comfortable lounge area. ","Welcome to my charming ground-floor apartment in “de pijp”, one of the most vibrant and popular neighborhoods in Amsterdam. My lovely home will be all yours during your stay. There is 1 bedroom with a comfortable double bed. If you wish to come to my place with more than 2 people, extra persons can sleep on an airbed I will provide for you. In my apartment you will also find a nice bathroom and a cosy living room which is connected to a modern, fully equipped kitchen. There is also a beautiful private sunny garden, where you can relax in my trendy and comfortable lounge area.  The apartment is situated in a quiet street. Around the corner you will find everything this neighborhood is famous for: trendy bars, nice restaurants, many shops, beautiful parks and of course the famous Albert Cuyp market. De Pijp is an energetic and bohemian district with a huge diversity of people from all over the world which makes this area such a nice place to live. Most major tourist attractions are at wa","The apartment is situated in a quiet street. Around the corner you will find everything this neighborhood is famous for: trendy bars, nice restaurants, many shops, beautiful parks and of course the famous Albert Cuyp market. De Pijp is an energetic and bohemian district with a huge diversity of people from all over the world which makes this area such a nice place to live. Most major tourist attractions are at walking distance: Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk museum, Heineken Experience. The RAI convention centre is only a 6 minute tram ride away which makes my apartment a perfect place to stay for your convention.",Public transport is within 1 minute from my home and it takes you all around the city easily. Or do as the locals do and rent a bike to find your way around! ,"I kindly ask you to respect the peace and quiet of my neighbors, especially during the night."
