"Newly renovated modern family home that sleeps up to 4 with garden in a quiet, green and upcoming neighborhood close to the centre of Amsterdam. Plusses: spacious house, great spacious garden, house is recently renovated Close to public transport.","A charming home (sleeps 4) with garden in a quiet, green, safe and upcoming neighborhood close to the centre of Amsterdam. Plusses: spacious house, great garden, bathroom with bath tub and Fibi and Chello, the cats.  Family house with a great garden near everything in fabulous Amsterdam. You will find yourself in a very green area of Amsterdam. The house has 3 bedrooms available and can accomodate 4 people. There is a fully equipped, spacious kitchen, a bathroom with toilet downstairs and a separate toilet downstairs. On the first floor there's a bathroom with a bathtub. There are 2 cats named Fibi and Chello in the house and they are friendly cats who like to be outside but also love to sleep inside. Our neighbor  takes care of the cats, so no worries about the cats unless you want to feed them yourselves. If you have pet allergies, this house might not be for you.","Newly renovated modern family home that sleeps up to 4 with garden in a quiet, green and upcoming neighborhood close to the centre of Amsterdam. Plusses: spacious house, great spacious garden, house is recently renovated Close to public transport. A charming home (sleeps 4) with garden in a quiet, green, safe and upcoming neighborhood close to the centre of Amsterdam. Plusses: spacious house, great garden, bathroom with bath tub and Fibi and Chello, the cats.  Family house with a great garden near everything in fabulous Amsterdam. You will find yourself in a very green area of Amsterdam. The house has 3 bedrooms available and can accomodate 4 people. There is a fully equipped, spacious kitchen, a bathroom with toilet downstairs and a separate toilet downstairs. On the first floor there's a bathroom with a bathtub. There are 2 cats named Fibi and Chello in the house and they are friendly cats who like to be outside but also love to sleep inside. Our neighbor  takes care of the cats, so ","The neighborhood is quiet, green, safe and upcoming. All neighbors are happy to live here and are very open to foreigners. Shops are nearby, transportation is nearby (train station Amsterdam Sloterdijk and metro-bus and tram station Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan). Excellent restaurants and coffee places at Bos en Lommerweg and Admiraal de Ruyterweg, cheaper restaurants and coffee places at Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan.","From the airport you´re at train station Amsterdam Sloterdijk in 10 minutes. From there, it´s an 10 minute walk to the house. From Sloterdijk station, a train takes you to Central Station in 5 minutes.  Tram 12 takes you to the museum area in 20 minutes. From metro-tram-bus station Burgemeester de Vlugtlaan tram 14 takes you to Dam Square in 15 minutes.","We love our neighbors and don´t want to cause any trouble for them. Make sure there will be no complaints about your behavior.  No parties, no pets, no drugs and no smoking in the house. Respect the house and all that is in the house, respect the cats, the neighbors and the garden.  If you damage or break anything, please replace it or notify Nadia so she can fix it. Good behavior, as well as bad behavior, will be reflected in your review. Our floor is very sensitive to dirt. Please take off shoes in the house and clean stains or dirt immediately so it will not leave permanent marks. Permanent dirt marks will result in diminishment of the deposit at a minimum of Euro 250,-.  We really appreciate it if you don't leave a mess in the house when you leave. This will be reflected in your review. Finally, if you don't follow the rules and your behavior is very bad, you will be removed from the house immediately. In this case, you will be reported at and blacklisted by Airbnb."
