"Bright designer home in the lively area of the 'Pijp'.  Space use to be an old shop, with a huge store front window. Beautiful wooden floors, and open plan design with huge wall of books. Large kitchen with family-style table and a door to back garden. Located on beautiful street with no cars, and playground out front. Walking distance to museum quarter and city center.","Modern, bright apartment (ground floor) in hip, lively Amsterdam neighborhood (de pijp) with small garden in back. Furnished apartment is two stories with beautiful wooden floors.  The master bedroom is on ground floor. There is a second double bed downstairs. The downstairs is an open plan that connects to rooms for a small child (low ceiling), and a single bed under the stairs. Perfect for families. Living room is sunny with a huge window to street Large modern kitchen with big dinning table and dishwasher, opens to back garden. Enormous bathtub in modern tiled bathroom. Apartment comes with wifi and washing machine. Located on quiet street with no cars.","Bright designer home in the lively area of the 'Pijp'.  Space use to be an old shop, with a huge store front window. Beautiful wooden floors, and open plan design with huge wall of books. Large kitchen with family-style table and a door to back garden. Located on beautiful street with no cars, and playground out front. Walking distance to museum quarter and city center. Modern, bright apartment (ground floor) in hip, lively Amsterdam neighborhood (de pijp) with small garden in back. Furnished apartment is two stories with beautiful wooden floors.  The master bedroom is on ground floor. There is a second double bed downstairs. The downstairs is an open plan that connects to rooms for a small child (low ceiling), and a single bed under the stairs. Perfect for families. Living room is sunny with a huge window to street Large modern kitchen with big dinning table and dishwasher, opens to back garden. Enormous bathtub in modern tiled bathroom. Apartment comes with wifi and washing machine. ","De Pijp is a lively neigoorhood with a lots of shops, restaurants and bars. The apartment is one block from the famous Amsterdam street market ""De Albert Cuyp"", Museumplein is walking distance; where you can find the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and the Concert area.","The apartment is close to public transport, 1 minute walk.",
