,"Luxuriously designed apartment (125 m2), formerly a storage place/ garage: Specifics •2 bedrooms with double beds ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) m).  •Living kitchen with cooking island. In the kitchen you will find micro wave, oven, dishwasher, stove, fridge, water cooker and a Nespresso coffee machine. •Spacious living room, with a large dining table.  •Bathroom with bathtub, rain shower and separate toilet.  •Fully furnished, wireless internet, flat screen TV.  •The apartment can be used with at least 4 people. Location The apartment is located at the edge of the centre of Amsterdam, 5 minutes from the cosy Pijp area (bars and restaurants) and Oosterpark. On the corner at the Amstel there is chique restaurant Vandemarkt, Club Trouw, Club Canvas and one of the oldest and best cafes of Amsterdam Hesp.  The apartment is located near the Amstel Station (approximately 25 minutes to Utrecht) and the subway station Wibautstraat, which brings you to Waterloo Square and at Central Station","Luxuriously designed apartment (125 m2), formerly a storage place/ garage: Specifics •2 bedrooms with double beds ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) m).  •Living kitchen with cooking island. In the kitchen you will find micro wave, oven, dishwasher, stove, fridge, water cooker and a Nespresso coffee machine. •Spacious living room, with a large dining table.  •Bathroom with bathtub, rain shower and separate toilet.  •Fully furnished, wireless internet, flat screen TV.  •The apartment can be used with at least 4 people. Location The apartment is located at the edge of the centre of Amsterdam, 5 minutes from the cosy Pijp area (bars and restaurants) and Oosterpark. On the corner at the Amstel there is chique restaurant Vandemarkt, Club Trouw, Club Canvas and one of the oldest and best cafes of Amsterdam Hesp.  The apartment is located near the Amstel Station (approximately 25 minutes to Utrecht) and the subway station Wibautstraat, which brings you to Waterloo Square and at Central Station",,Nearby Amstel Station (railway and Subway/Metro) and Wibautstraat (subway)  ,"Treat this house the way you would like your own house to be treated. Linen, pillows and towels are provided. Please don't smoke or use drugs inside the house and no loud music. Don't use our radio-system. Don't invite other guests without informing us.  A week before arrival you will get a document with rules and information about the house."
