"Luxury, light and spacious design appartment in the center of Oud-Zuid, near the Vondelpark, museum district and high class shopping area. Includes stunning private rooftop terrace with 360 degrees view of Amsterdam and sunny balcony.","Stylish, bright, comfortable and classy, with all the conveniences of home.","Luxury, light and spacious design appartment in the center of Oud-Zuid, near the Vondelpark, museum district and high class shopping area. Includes stunning private rooftop terrace with 360 degrees view of Amsterdam and sunny balcony. Stylish, bright, comfortable and classy, with all the conveniences of home. You get access to all rooms and outdoor spaces. By telephone, email or (Hidden by Airbnb) . I will not be home when you stay at my place. Around the corner: Vondelpark and the 'upper class' shopping area Cornelis Schuytstraat (with plenty of nice places for e.g. breakfast, lunch or dinner). Museum Area and Concert Hall around 500 meters. There is a grocery shop across the street (open from Monday - Saturday, open 8am - 10pm). From Central Station: Tram line 2 (stop Cornelis Schuytstraat at the Willemsparkweg) or line 16 (stop Emmastraat at the Lairessestraat) From Station Zuid: Tram line 5 (stop Museumplein). From there, take tram line 2 (stop Cornelis Schuytstraat at the Willemsp","Around the corner: Vondelpark and the 'upper class' shopping area Cornelis Schuytstraat (with plenty of nice places for e.g. breakfast, lunch or dinner). Museum Area and Concert Hall around 500 meters. There is a grocery shop across the street (open from Monday - Saturday, open 8am - 10pm).","From Central Station: Tram line 2 (stop Cornelis Schuytstraat at the Willemsparkweg) or line 16 (stop Emmastraat at the Lairessestraat) From Station Zuid: Tram line 5 (stop Museumplein). From there, take tram line 2 (stop Cornelis Schuytstraat at the Willemsparkweg) or line 16 (stop Emmastraat at the Lairessestraat). Paid parking from Monday - Saturday, or park at low costs at a P+R (e.g. VU or Olympisch Stadion: from both P+Rs take tram line 16 (stop Emmastraat at the Lairessestraat).","Most important for me: respect for my neighbours, and of couse my house and my furniture :-) Smoking is only allowed on the balcony. Finally, it's a perfect place to stay for 2 people, but no more..."
