,Especially beautifull home on the ground floor with a spacious garden. There are three bedrooms and a large bathroom. In the bathroom there is a bath and a shower separately. The living is connected with the kitchen wich gives it a nice sphere. If you wich to go to the citycenter it is only ten minutes bij tram or bicycle. And if you wich to explore the country it is very easy to go to the trainstation RAI or Amstelstation from which you can travel the whole country.   The neighbourhood is very beautifull to explore as well. Most of the buildings are design by the famous architect Berlage. All the regular groceries are with in walking distance in the rijnstraat. There is a very large swimmingcenter in walking distance and there are enough nice restaurants to eat from all continents. For the kids there is enough space to play just across the street. There are tenniscourts and childrens playgrounds. Or they can just play in the yard.  The home is unique because of the three bedrooms all ,Especially beautifull home on the ground floor with a spacious garden. There are three bedrooms and a large bathroom. In the bathroom there is a bath and a shower separately. The living is connected with the kitchen wich gives it a nice sphere. If you wich to go to the citycenter it is only ten minutes bij tram or bicycle. And if you wich to explore the country it is very easy to go to the trainstation RAI or Amstelstation from which you can travel the whole country.   The neighbourhood is very beautifull to explore as well. Most of the buildings are design by the famous architect Berlage. All the regular groceries are with in walking distance in the rijnstraat. There is a very large swimmingcenter in walking distance and there are enough nice restaurants to eat from all continents. For the kids there is enough space to play just across the street. There are tenniscourts and childrens playgrounds. Or they can just play in the yard.  The home is unique because of the three bedrooms all ,,Er is veel handig vervoer. Lijn 4 is verbonden met de hele stad. de RAI en het station bevatten alle treinen die je kan nemen om Nederland te ontdekken.,You are free to use our home and we only which you would respect our neighbours with not too much noise and respect the property as you do at home :-) And last but not least we kindly request to smoke in our yard and not in our home.
