"The flat is located in a new area across from the central station, on the IJ, the main water in Amsterdam. It is a modern building, designed by architects, with floor heating and double glazing. The interior is a mixture between modern and antique.","My flat is very close to the central station and centre of Amsterdam, on the waterfront of the main water 'Het IJ'. From the balcony you have a view of the water with big boats sailing through. It is a new flat in a area with a few new luxury apartment blocks and you reach there by a short ferry-ride (2 minutes from the central station, the ferry is free and runs al day and night every few minutes). This is a trendy upcoming neighborhood with the new film institute (open air cinema and 4 indoor screens with an excellent choice of classic and new film), the new Pop-temple Tolhuis, with a waterfront beach-like terrace. There is a museum, trendy restaurants and other initiatives. It is the area where the hipsters go these days, because it is very central, yet green and spacious. The flat has a view of the main Amsterdam water that is connected to the see and all the canals from the balcony, so this is the place to watch boats come by, big and small, cruise ships and sail boats, they all u","The flat is located in a new area across from the central station, on the IJ, the main water in Amsterdam. It is a modern building, designed by architects, with floor heating and double glazing. The interior is a mixture between modern and antique. My flat is very close to the central station and centre of Amsterdam, on the waterfront of the main water 'Het IJ'. From the balcony you have a view of the water with big boats sailing through. It is a new flat in a area with a few new luxury apartment blocks and you reach there by a short ferry-ride (2 minutes from the central station, the ferry is free and runs al day and night every few minutes). This is a trendy upcoming neighborhood with the new film institute (open air cinema and 4 indoor screens with an excellent choice of classic and new film), the new Pop-temple Tolhuis, with a waterfront beach-like terrace. There is a museum, trendy restaurants and other initiatives. It is the area where the hipsters go these days, because it is ve","The neighbourhood is trendy and upcoming. There are many new buildings, since it is an area that has been developed the last 10 years. Right behind the neighborhood is older and some buildings are monumental with new restaurants due to the new developments. The neighborhood is across from the central station, opposite the center. Hence, it has a large waterfront with big boats, sailing ships and cruise ships as well as smaller boats.  It is very close to the center, but a bit quieter and more spacious, because it is newer. As an area across the water from the centere, there is music, cafes, restaurants, parks, festivals, etc., etc.",The ferry from the central station runs 24/7 and a bike rental is just when you get off the ferry. From the ferry it is a 5-10 minutes walk. There is a bike rental right when you get off the ferry and the surroundings in this part of town are very green and rural.,"The flat is new and undamaged, so I would like it to stay that way. The floor, equipment and jacuzzi are sensitive, so they need to be handled with care, as preferably I would like the whole flat to be treated, so that everything stays in good shape, shiny and beautiful. And, for the same reason, no smoking and no drugs. Also, the flat and balcony needs to be quiet after 11pm, it is a house rule of the flat and the neighbourhood."
