"Looking for a spacious place to stay with your children? Our recently renovated house is  close to Amstel Station and has everything you need. 140 m2, a beautiful garden, wifi, children's furniture, a stylish master bedroom and  2 extra bedrooms. ","We have a beautiful 140 m2 house with a private entrance. There's a cute little garden in the frond and a big garden out back where you can enjoy the sun. On the ground floor we have our living room and a complete kitchen with a fridge, dishwasher, oven and microwave: everything you need to create that lovely family dinner. And the jewel of the house, our brightly decorated toilet! The first floor has a king-sized double bed, a modest bathroom with shower and separate toilet and a large room for children. The top floor has another extra bedroom with a double bed, a pantry with a washing machine and a roof terrace. The house has been renovated in June 2014 and is decorated with some special items from around the world.  The house is very suitable for couples with children. For small children all the necessary stuff (bath / crib etc) is available.  Located close to Amstel where you can wander along the water or join the Amsterdam jogging scene. Here you can find nice restaurants along th","Looking for a spacious place to stay with your children? Our recently renovated house is  close to Amstel Station and has everything you need. 140 m2, a beautiful garden, wifi, children's furniture, a stylish master bedroom and  2 extra bedrooms.  We have a beautiful 140 m2 house with a private entrance. There's a cute little garden in the frond and a big garden out back where you can enjoy the sun. On the ground floor we have our living room and a complete kitchen with a fridge, dishwasher, oven and microwave: everything you need to create that lovely family dinner. And the jewel of the house, our brightly decorated toilet! The first floor has a king-sized double bed, a modest bathroom with shower and separate toilet and a large room for children. The top floor has another extra bedroom with a double bed, a pantry with a washing machine and a roof terrace. The house has been renovated in June 2014 and is decorated with some special items from around the world.  The house is very suita","The apartment is located to the east of the city center in the quiet and typical Amsterdam neighborhood the ‘Watergraafsmeer’. Amsterdam’s historic center is less than 15 minutes away by tram, train or by bike. This city is made for cycling. With special traffic lights and bicycle lanes it is the fastest and cheapest way to travel in and around the city. You can easily rent bikes at the Amstel Station or use mine if you just need one.","At Amstel Station you can find train, tram or bus to the city center or anywhere else in Holland where you might want to travel.","No smoking inside the house,  but feel free to smoke in the garden."
