"We’d love to welcome you in our lovely, spacious, light, comfortable and fully equiped apartment in the heart of the city!","We’d love to welcome you in our lovely, spacious and light apartment in the centre of Amsterdam.  The apartment has a large living room including dining table, overlooking the communal garden. There is 1 double bedroom (suitable for couples) (and 1 baby bedroom, but that will be locked during your stay).  There a two balconies, one facing the north, and one facing the south, overlooking the garden! Enjoy the benefits of our large and fully equipped kitchen and our comfortable refurbished bathroom.  The property is fully furnished and comprises: - 1 double bedroom  -  large living room, fully furnished  - modern kitchen  -  2 balconies -  modern bathroom, separate toilet  The apartment provides the following:  - TV  - Free Internet (Wifi)  - Oven  - Gas stove  - Fridge  - Washer,dryer - Towels and linen for the beds and kitchen The apartment’s location is ideal in a cool/trendy neighborhood; There are excellent restaurants (Italian, Thai, French, Indonesian, Japanese, Chinese etc.) with","We’d love to welcome you in our lovely, spacious, light, comfortable and fully equiped apartment in the heart of the city! We’d love to welcome you in our lovely, spacious and light apartment in the centre of Amsterdam.  The apartment has a large living room including dining table, overlooking the communal garden. There is 1 double bedroom (suitable for couples) (and 1 baby bedroom, but that will be locked during your stay).  There a two balconies, one facing the north, and one facing the south, overlooking the garden! Enjoy the benefits of our large and fully equipped kitchen and our comfortable refurbished bathroom.  The property is fully furnished and comprises: - 1 double bedroom  -  large living room, fully furnished  - modern kitchen  -  2 balconies -  modern bathroom, separate toilet  The apartment provides the following:  - TV  - Free Internet (Wifi)  - Oven  - Gas stove  - Fridge  - Washer,dryer - Towels and linen for the beds and kitchen The apartment’s location is ideal in a","The apartment’s location is ideal in a cool/trendy neighborhood; There are excellent restaurants (Italian, Thai, French, Indonesian, Japanese, Chinese etc.) within walking distance and the famous ale-brewery (Brouwerij 't IJ) is situated just under the mill.  Only 5 min from our house there is the city-beach ""Roest"", perfect for a relaxing chill out in the sun.  A 5-minute walk away are two great spots to watch movies: STUDIO K and KRITERION. The wonderful TROPENMUSEUM is only a 10 minute walk and 5 minutes away is the AMSTERDAM ZOO ARTIS and AMSTERDAM UNIVERSITY. The DAPPERMARKET (open every day except Sundays) has a rich multicultural flavor.","It’s only a 2 minute walk to the nearest busstop (no.22)  taking you to central station in 8 minutes, and 5 minute walk to the nearest tramstop (line 10) taking you to Leidseplein in 10 minutes!",
