"This private apartment is perfectly located, only 5 minutes away from the Rijksmuseum and the Leidseplein, in the famous 'Spiegelkwartier’ area. This area is loved for its many art- and antique galleries, monumental houses and romantic canals.  The apartment itself is located on the first two floors of a typical Amsterdam building. The first floor of the apartment consist of a cooking & dining room and the first bedroom. The second bedroom and bathroom are both located on the top floor.","Welcome to our cosy place in the artistic center of Amsterdam.  Our hostess Elfje will welcome visitors who want to feel at home in a quiet and cozy, fully furnished in the antique and artistic center of Amsterdam. The apartment is situated on the first and second floor of a monumental building. The apartment is fully equipped, including a  kitchenette (stove, fridge & microwave) in a cosy living room. Furthermore, a modern bathroom (including bathtub!) and two bedrooms with a kingsize bed each. The place can host up to 4 guests at the same time.  Note: Our hostess Elfje has her private office and room on the first floor too, but all is separate. All amenities and rooms are fully private.","This private apartment is perfectly located, only 5 minutes away from the Rijksmuseum and the Leidseplein, in the famous 'Spiegelkwartier’ area. This area is loved for its many art- and antique galleries, monumental houses and romantic canals.  The apartment itself is located on the first two floors of a typical Amsterdam building. The first floor of the apartment consist of a cooking & dining room and the first bedroom. The second bedroom and bathroom are both located on the top floor. Welcome to our cosy place in the artistic center of Amsterdam.  Our hostess Elfje will welcome visitors who want to feel at home in a quiet and cozy, fully furnished in the antique and artistic center of Amsterdam. The apartment is situated on the first and second floor of a monumental building. The apartment is fully equipped, including a  kitchenette (stove, fridge & microwave) in a cosy living room. Furthermore, a modern bathroom (including bathtub!) and two bedrooms with a kingsize bed each. The pla",,,"One last thing:  Amsterdam is a party city, but this apartment is not a party apartment. This apartment is meant for guests who want to enjoy their stay in a very quiet area in the city centre of Amsterdam.  We kindly ask you to be respectful to our neighbors and keep the noise down.  Thanks!"
