"This 2-story 120 m2 spacious apartment is beautifully located at a wide canal, a stone throw away from the famous and dreamy Vondelpark and close to the centre. You'll love it because of its rural and romantic atmosphere.","This 2-story 120 m2 spacious apartment is beautifully located at a wide canal, a stone throw away from the famous and dreamy Vondelpark and close to the centre. You'll love it because of its rural and romantic atmosphere.  There's a richness of light due to the many large windows from which you have a view on the water. You feel right at home in our warm living room and the large sleeping loft is simply a delight. From there u can enter the flowery roof terrace with it's 360 panoramic view all over the city. The perfect place to watch the sunset. There's sun all day long, up to 10 pm in the summer. If you're looking for a characteristic, soulful house, this is definitely the place to be.  Details: - 120m2, 2 top floors of a 4-story canal house  (142m2 roof terrace included) - 3rd floor: has a large and comfortable living room, a cosy kitchen and a bathroom with a toilet and laundry-facilities - 4th floor: is a spacious sleeping loft with a bathroom and access to the roof terrace. We ha","This 2-story 120 m2 spacious apartment is beautifully located at a wide canal, a stone throw away from the famous and dreamy Vondelpark and close to the centre. You'll love it because of its rural and romantic atmosphere. This 2-story 120 m2 spacious apartment is beautifully located at a wide canal, a stone throw away from the famous and dreamy Vondelpark and close to the centre. You'll love it because of its rural and romantic atmosphere.  There's a richness of light due to the many large windows from which you have a view on the water. You feel right at home in our warm living room and the large sleeping loft is simply a delight. From there u can enter the flowery roof terrace with it's 360 panoramic view all over the city. The perfect place to watch the sunset. There's sun all day long, up to 10 pm in the summer. If you're looking for a characteristic, soulful house, this is definitely the place to be.  Details: - 120m2, 2 top floors of a 4-story canal house  (142m2 roof terrace inc",,,
