"A two floor apartment at the heart of the city, ideal for a couple or two couples visiting for a short period. A huge living room, kitchen, a toilet and a balcony on the first floor, two bedrooms and a bathroom on the second floor. ","This 17th century building is perhaps at the most ideal location for a touristic visit to Amsterdam, at the midpoint to almost all of the touristic attractions in town, literally situated at the intersection of the famous shopping street Leidsestraat and the Prinsengracht canal. The district is on the UNESCO world heritage list. Despite its central location it is very safe here. You will have immediate access both to the lively Leidseplein square with many bars, cafes, restaurants and also to the beautiful and fancy ""canals district"" of Amsterdam.  The apartment has two floors with a huge living room on the first floor and two bedrooms with double beds on the second. There is also a private terrace.  ","A two floor apartment at the heart of the city, ideal for a couple or two couples visiting for a short period. A huge living room, kitchen, a toilet and a balcony on the first floor, two bedrooms and a bathroom on the second floor.  This 17th century building is perhaps at the most ideal location for a touristic visit to Amsterdam, at the midpoint to almost all of the touristic attractions in town, literally situated at the intersection of the famous shopping street Leidsestraat and the Prinsengracht canal. The district is on the UNESCO world heritage list. Despite its central location it is very safe here. You will have immediate access both to the lively Leidseplein square with many bars, cafes, restaurants and also to the beautiful and fancy ""canals district"" of Amsterdam.  The apartment has two floors with a huge living room on the first floor and two bedrooms with double beds on the second. There is also a private terrace.   The guests will have access to the entire apartment with","The location is perfect for a touristic visit of short period. It is two minutes walk blocks from the famous Leidseplein, 7 minutes walk to the Museumplein where the Rijkmuseum, the Van Gogh museum and the Stedelijk museum are located, 10 minutes walk to the Rembrandtplein and the Dam square. It is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhood in Amsterdam, namely the canals district. You can see the Prinsengracht canal from the windows.   ","Easily accessible from the central train station by Trams 1, 2 and 5. You can see the tram stop from the window! If you walk a little to the Leidseplein than the tram lines 7 and 10 are also at your disposal. This makes it very easy to access the entire city. There is also a fast bus connection to the airport from Leidseplein.    ","Smoking is only allowed on the private terrace, not inside the apartment."
