"Home away from home! En Suite offers large bedroom, with the use of a spacious lounge overlooking the canal, a pantry & private bathroom. The price is based on one bedroom accommodation (max 2 persons), should you require an additional room there will be a surcharge. En Suite can be extended with an additional double room (in total max. 4 guests).","En Suite offers the first floor with a spacious lounge area, overlooking the canal. The area provides all the comfort you require, like a fire place, colour TV, DVD player, iPod docking, internet access, comfortable sofa and chairs. The spacious bedroom, including a double bed, is located in the back of the house, overlooking the courtyard. The bedroom does have a separate hand basin and a colour TV with remote control. The private bathroom does have a toilet, shower and for your comfort a deluxe set of towels. The pantry is including refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, dish washer, microwave, toaster.  Coffee, tea and Dutch “stroopwafels” are offered on a complimentary basis as well as the beverages in the refrigerator (soft drinks and beer). The price is based on the use of one bedroom (max 2 persons), should you require the additional room there will be a surcharge.","Home away from home! En Suite offers large bedroom, with the use of a spacious lounge overlooking the canal, a pantry & private bathroom. The price is based on one bedroom accommodation (max 2 persons), should you require an additional room there will be a surcharge. En Suite can be extended with an additional double room (in total max. 4 guests). En Suite offers the first floor with a spacious lounge area, overlooking the canal. The area provides all the comfort you require, like a fire place, colour TV, DVD player, iPod docking, internet access, comfortable sofa and chairs. The spacious bedroom, including a double bed, is located in the back of the house, overlooking the courtyard. The bedroom does have a separate hand basin and a colour TV with remote control. The private bathroom does have a toilet, shower and for your comfort a deluxe set of towels. The pantry is including refrigerator, Nespresso coffee machine, dish washer, microwave, toaster.  Coffee, tea and Dutch “stroopwafels","En Suite is located on one of the main canals in the city, the Keizersgracht (area nine streets). All major attractions are on walking distance, like the Anne Frank House, the Royal Palace on Dam square, the Jordaan (oldest neighbourhood of Amsterdam), Madame Tussaud, Magna Plaza shopping mall, the Vondelpark, the red light district and many restaurants and bars.  Beside the above, the apartment is ideally located from the major museums (The Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and the Stedelijk museum) and galleries.",Public transportation is closeby,
