"This lovely, three story monumental house is located in De Pijp, also known as the 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam. It is owned by Federica and Ton, an Italian/Dutch couple with three kids.","This lovely, three story monumental house is located in De Pijp, also known as the 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam. It is owned by Federica and Ton, an Italian/Dutch couple with three kids. The house has been renovated completely in 2009; all kitchen and bathroom equipment is new.  The ground floor has a large living room with a kitchen. Two spacious doors lead into the well taken care of garden, where breakfast or dinner can be enjoyed in the sun. There is even a barbecue available.  On the first floor there is a bedroom with a bathroom 'en suite'. There is also a small bedroom with a bed for an infant. On the second floor you will find two additional bedrooms, with an additional bathroom including a bath tub.  Features:  First floor: Living room, kitchen, toilet and garden Second floor: Bedroom (Queen bed 140 x 200) with bathroom en suite, open studio, baby bedroom Third floor: Bedroom (Single bed, extendable to Queen bed 160x200), second bedroom (single bed in attic with additional ma","This lovely, three story monumental house is located in De Pijp, also known as the 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam. It is owned by Federica and Ton, an Italian/Dutch couple with three kids. This lovely, three story monumental house is located in De Pijp, also known as the 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam. It is owned by Federica and Ton, an Italian/Dutch couple with three kids. The house has been renovated completely in 2009; all kitchen and bathroom equipment is new.  The ground floor has a large living room with a kitchen. Two spacious doors lead into the well taken care of garden, where breakfast or dinner can be enjoyed in the sun. There is even a barbecue available.  On the first floor there is a bedroom with a bathroom 'en suite'. There is also a small bedroom with a bed for an infant. On the second floor you will find two additional bedrooms, with an additional bathroom including a bath tub.  Features:  First floor: Living room, kitchen, toilet and garden Second floor: Bedroom (Queen","The house is located at 100 meters from the Amstel river, and nearby popular attractions; Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Vondelpark, Sarphatipark, Leidseplein (bar/café/club scene) and the Albert Cuyp market. The Albert Cuyp is the best-known market in the Netherlands and your address from Monday to Saturday for fresh vegetables, fish, clothes and all kinds of other items. In and around the Albert Cuyp market there are many lunchrooms. There you will find simple but excellent meals with a choice of many international cuisines including Indian, Kurdish, Turkish, Cambodian, Surinam and Chinese.","The district De Pijp is easy to access from Amsterdam's two big main train stations: Central Station (about 15 minutes by tram no. 4) and Amsterdam RAI (about 10 minutes by tram no. 4). From Amsterdam Schiphol Airport it will take you about 20 minutes to get to the apartment by taxi, and about 30 minutes by public transport.","We have two cats running in and around the house; they like to be fed and cuddled at times.  Smoking can be done on the lounge sofas in the garden or the wooden bench in front of the house, but not inside the house.  For (aspiring) musicians there is a piano and a guitar available; our neighbours would appreciate if it is not used in the evening or at night."
