"We've been honoured with superhost status with 5 star ratings for the b&b portion of our houseboat. For May and June 2018, we will offer our entire houseboat! The ship is located on a quiet, sunny canal in the heart of Amsterdam's city centre, a stone's throw from historic canal belt and Jordaan neighbourhood with loads of boutiques and cafes. Enjoy Amsterdam life on the water! The ship is an authentic Haagenaar built in 1900, originally used to carry salt throughout Holland and Europe.","It's great to sit outside on the private pier and enjoy a glass of wine and watch the boats go by. There is also a Weber grill and seating made from recycled hardwood as well as a parasol for sunny days.  Inside the main ship, the wood beamed ceiling is 3 meters high making the ship spacious and light, thanks to skylights, portholes and windows. You can even look out at the water from bed. The houseboat features city plumbing, central heating, a wood burning stove, hardwood floors, a fully equipped kitchen with professional quality pots and pans and utensils. Only a few moments away from 2 of the best bio-organic markets in Amsterdam, it's a great place to sharpen your culinary skills. The main bathroom has a shower and large bathtub big enough for two to enjoy.  The houseboat has one master bedroom and one guest room with double bed for two persons. Upstairs is the Captain's room, perfect for lounging and having your morning coffee, above which is the steering cabin with fridge, nespr","We've been honoured with superhost status with 5 star ratings for the b&b portion of our houseboat. For May and June 2018, we will offer our entire houseboat! The ship is located on a quiet, sunny canal in the heart of Amsterdam's city centre, a stone's throw from historic canal belt and Jordaan neighbourhood with loads of boutiques and cafes. Enjoy Amsterdam life on the water! The ship is an authentic Haagenaar built in 1900, originally used to carry salt throughout Holland and Europe. It's great to sit outside on the private pier and enjoy a glass of wine and watch the boats go by. There is also a Weber grill and seating made from recycled hardwood as well as a parasol for sunny days.  Inside the main ship, the wood beamed ceiling is 3 meters high making the ship spacious and light, thanks to skylights, portholes and windows. You can even look out at the water from bed. The houseboat features city plumbing, central heating, a wood burning stove, hardwood floors, a fully equipped kitc","Our neighbourhood is smack dab in the middle of it all while still being a mostly residential area that is quiet at night and during the day pretty relaxed. Loads of great restaurants are close by and we are super close to several organic farmers markets as well as boutiques, bars and restaurants.",We are so close to Central Station and the ferry to Amsterdam North also where there's a lot going on. Bikes are the best way to get around!,"We only expect that you respect our boat as if it were your own home! So make yourselves at home. ; ) Also, if you bring children on board, we don't take responsibility for their safety. You'll just have to be extra vigilant! Also, please don't bring home any strangers.  Please limit smoking to outdoors."
