"In the lively City Centre, but in a quiet street Walking distance to all famous musea Public transport around the corner The apartment is modern and equipped with all necessities.  Ideal for families. A master bedroom with a queen size bed and a second bedroom with 2 single beds. Wifi internet (free) Cable Playstation 4 Garden and Balcony  Washing Machine Dryer Ironing Board Always availabe for contact Excellent shopping, bars and international restaurants just around the corner.","Ground floor access. Here you find the living, kitchen, study, bathroom and city garden.  Stairs lead to first floor master bedroom with balcony, bathroom and second bedroom. The apartment is specifically well suited for families with children.","In the lively City Centre, but in a quiet street Walking distance to all famous musea Public transport around the corner The apartment is modern and equipped with all necessities.  Ideal for families. A master bedroom with a queen size bed and a second bedroom with 2 single beds. Wifi internet (free) Cable Playstation 4 Garden and Balcony  Washing Machine Dryer Ironing Board Always availabe for contact Excellent shopping, bars and international restaurants just around the corner. Ground floor access. Here you find the living, kitchen, study, bathroom and city garden.  Stairs lead to first floor master bedroom with balcony, bathroom and second bedroom. The apartment is specifically well suited for families with children. Ground floor access. The appartment has two storeys (ground floor and first) If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me. Arguably the most cherished neighbourhood of the center of Amsterdam.  Walking distance to museums (Van Gogh, Anne Frank, Hermita","Arguably the most cherished neighbourhood of the center of Amsterdam.  Walking distance to museums (Van Gogh, Anne Frank, Hermitage, Heineken), restaurants, music, shopping. The neighbourhood has many entrepreneurs and creatives. One can tell from all the galeries and craft shops. Not as densely populated with tourists as other parts of town.","Tram 4 from Central Station, disembark at ""Prinsengracht"". Alternatively take any metro, disembark at ""Weesperplein"".",Parental guidance advised with regards to the stairs.
