We are a young couple who can provide a beautiful Bed/Bath Room (En suite) in an unique Canal-House on the most beautiful and peaceful part of the Keizers Canal in the City Centre. ,"We are a young couple who can provide a beautiful Bed/Bath Room (En suite) in an unique Canal-House on the most beautiful and peaceful part of the Keizers Canal in the City Centre. We are the owners of the house and we share our guest-room because it is beautiful opportunity  for Airbnb lovers.  The Guest-room is separated from the rest of the house and the guests have fully privacy. The guest room is on the main level and has got a private entrance where you can walk from the entrance down the hallway to the room. The Guest-room has got Canal house-ornaments, which are unique. The modern Bathroom is en-suite to the Bedroom.  The renovated house is located in the most cozy and romantic area which called ""De Jordaan"". It is a peaceful street surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, stores and markets.   Walking distance: 0,5 minute to restaurants and bars 1 minute to the trams and the bus 1 minute to the Noordermarkt 5 minutes to Central station 5 minutes to Anna Frank house 8 minutes to ","We are a young couple who can provide a beautiful Bed/Bath Room (En suite) in an unique Canal-House on the most beautiful and peaceful part of the Keizers Canal in the City Centre.  We are a young couple who can provide a beautiful Bed/Bath Room (En suite) in an unique Canal-House on the most beautiful and peaceful part of the Keizers Canal in the City Centre. We are the owners of the house and we share our guest-room because it is beautiful opportunity  for Airbnb lovers.  The Guest-room is separated from the rest of the house and the guests have fully privacy. The guest room is on the main level and has got a private entrance where you can walk from the entrance down the hallway to the room. The Guest-room has got Canal house-ornaments, which are unique. The modern Bathroom is en-suite to the Bedroom.  The renovated house is located in the most cozy and romantic area which called ""De Jordaan"". It is a peaceful street surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, stores and markets.   Walkin","We really love the canals and all the restaurants, pubs and markets which are surrounding our house. The jordaan area is the most famous and cozy area/ neighborhood of Amsterdam.","You can basically walk everything but the Central Station is whit in 6 minutes walk. From there you can take the train, Bus, Metro and tram to every part of the Netherlands/Amsterdam. ","Dear guest,  We are happy to inform you that there is a lot of privacy and  you can enjoy your freedom. We appreciate that our guests  will respect the room and the house.  Smoking is not allowed. Enjoy!"
