"If you want to experience a stay at a real houseboat in Amsterdam, this is the way to do it in a very comfortably! You can stay with >4 persons. The boat is a very spacious,light,warm and cosy! Less than 15 minutes away from the old town by tram.","The Orca is  a beautiful, very comfortable ship , with wide views, a grand balcony outside , always in the sun. The living space is about 160 m2, with a large kitchen and livingroom . It is situated in a residential area in the old port, 10 minutes by bike or public transport to the city centre. Depending on your wishes i can help you to get around. Our contact will be in mutual consensus. In this period you will have the whole ship for yourself, you can use what you need:-) This week, we will nog be around. There will be a key keeper and the neighbour to help you out, whenever you have questions. The neigbourhood is full of special architecture, restaurants and other ships. There 's no noise from people goning out, trams or plains! But very nice and quiet, though not boring! There are trams to get you to the heart of Amsterdam in 20 minutes. There are buses tot get you tot Central staion in 10 minutes","If you want to experience a stay at a real houseboat in Amsterdam, this is the way to do it in a very comfortably! You can stay with >4 persons. The boat is a very spacious,light,warm and cosy! Less than 15 minutes away from the old town by tram. The Orca is  a beautiful, very comfortable ship , with wide views, a grand balcony outside , always in the sun. The living space is about 160 m2, with a large kitchen and livingroom . It is situated in a residential area in the old port, 10 minutes by bike or public transport to the city centre. Depending on your wishes i can help you to get around. Our contact will be in mutual consensus. In this period you will have the whole ship for yourself, you can use what you need:-) This week, we will nog be around. There will be a key keeper and the neighbour to help you out, whenever you have questions. The neigbourhood is full of special architecture, restaurants and other ships. There 's no noise from people goning out, trams or plains! But very n","The neigbourhood is full of special architecture, restaurants and other ships. There 's no noise from people going out, trams or planes and hardly any cars! It is a very nice  but  lively neighbourhood.",There are trams to get you to the heart of Amsterdam in 10 minutes. There are buses tot get you to the  Central station in 10 minutes,After 23 00 o'clock it has to be quiet outside.... No smoking inside. Dogs are welcome. No visitors. Please leave the boat tidy afterwards.
