"Gorgeous 2 bedroom in the best location in Amsterdam. Designer artwork, comfortable, please read our reviews our guests have absolutely loved their stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you to the beautiful city of Amsterdam!","This is your opportunity to stay in a renovated 'Rijksmonument' apartment from 1666.  Our beautiful apartment is located on the Prinsengracht, overlooking two historical bridges and a tranquil canal.  This area is the most beautiful and photographed scene in Amsterdam, sit at your window that directly overlooks the water and watch the boats sail by. Our apartment is located on the first floor of a historical monument building that has been fully restored to its original glory and renovated to feature all modern day comforts and luxuries. It is conveniently located in the heart of the Jordaan district, an area known for its beautiful canals, historic buildings and wonderful shopping. In the area is a huge variety of small local shops, cafes and restaurants. On Saturdays there is an organic farmers market and on Mondays there is a flea market just around the corner at the Noordermarkt. Central Station, Anne Frank house, and a number of other museums and historic locations are all within ","Gorgeous 2 bedroom in the best location in Amsterdam. Designer artwork, comfortable, please read our reviews our guests have absolutely loved their stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you to the beautiful city of Amsterdam! This is your opportunity to stay in a renovated 'Rijksmonument' apartment from 1666.  Our beautiful apartment is located on the Prinsengracht, overlooking two historical bridges and a tranquil canal.  This area is the most beautiful and photographed scene in Amsterdam, sit at your window that directly overlooks the water and watch the boats sail by. Our apartment is located on the first floor of a historical monument building that has been fully restored to its original glory and renovated to feature all modern day comforts and luxuries. It is conveniently located in the heart of the Jordaan district, an area known for its beautiful canals, historic buildings and wonderful shopping. In the area is a huge variety of small local shops, cafes and restaurants. On",,,
