A spacious room - 14m2 - in a popular neighbourhood with public transport next door. The perfect place to stay during your city trip in Amsterdam. It is a cozy romantic place with a nice balcony. Kitchen has everything you need and more. You'll feel right at home here!,This room is large (20m2) and is also furnished. It is split up into a bedroom and a closet room and has direct access to the balcony. Kitchen has everything you need and more.,"A spacious room - 14m2 - in a popular neighbourhood with public transport next door. The perfect place to stay during your city trip in Amsterdam. It is a cozy romantic place with a nice balcony. Kitchen has everything you need and more. You'll feel right at home here! This room is large (20m2) and is also furnished. It is split up into a bedroom and a closet room and has direct access to the balcony. Kitchen has everything you need and more. You have access to the kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and balcony. Myself or my boyfriend will welcome you and are here for you if you need any tips or advice on where to go. We want you to have the most amazing time while staying with us! The neighbourhood is superb. It's very green and everything you need is only minutes away from the apartment. There is a fantastic park only a few minutes away from the apartment too. Many restaurants, cafe's and bars close by. And the city centre is a 10 minute bike ride or public transportation ride away! Also I l","The neighbourhood is superb. It's very green and everything you need is only minutes away from the apartment. There is a fantastic park only a few minutes away from the apartment too. Many restaurants, cafe's and bars close by. And the city centre is a 10 minute bike ride or public transportation ride away! Also I live close to the Amstel Canal which is gorgeous for a mid-day or nightly stroll.",From Schiphol take the train towards Amsterdam Zuid (South) and transfer to metro line 51 and leave at stop Wibautstraat after that it's a short walk to the apartment. From Central Station take metro line 51 and leave at stop Wibautstraat after that it's a short walk to the apartment.,"Please keep the place tidy, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. We will be sharing my home and for that reason I ask of you to be mindful and treat my house, my neighbours and myself with respect :). You'll find the house rules printed out in your room when you arrive. I strongly insist that you read them :). Thanks!"
