Our luxury modern designed apartment is situated in the old charming Jordaan area: like the village of New York: you will love Amsterdam after staying here. ,"Our Loft apartment in the heart of Amsterdam is situated in the lively and charming Jordaan district, nearby the Nine Streets. The apartment is located in a new building designed by one of Dutch leading top architects. Typically Dutch in design, (no elevator) the narrow staircase brings you directly to the charming 2nd floor, a very bright home away from home. Spotlessly clean, romantic and private, within walking distance to all of Amsterdam’s main attractions, cafes, galleries and restaurants. There are lots of possibilities in the neighborhood to rent a bike and to explore the city the “Dutch” way. The Jordaan district is thé place to be if you are in Amsterdam.  The apartment is suited for a maximum of four people (or family with three kids), smoke free and complete with all the  accessories and comforts needed to make your stay in Amsterdam easy and carefree. The apartment contains: * Fully equipped kitchen (incl. Nespresso machine) * Bathroom with bath, separate shower, hot water","Our luxury modern designed apartment is situated in the old charming Jordaan area: like the village of New York: you will love Amsterdam after staying here.  Our Loft apartment in the heart of Amsterdam is situated in the lively and charming Jordaan district, nearby the Nine Streets. The apartment is located in a new building designed by one of Dutch leading top architects. Typically Dutch in design, (no elevator) the narrow staircase brings you directly to the charming 2nd floor, a very bright home away from home. Spotlessly clean, romantic and private, within walking distance to all of Amsterdam’s main attractions, cafes, galleries and restaurants. There are lots of possibilities in the neighborhood to rent a bike and to explore the city the “Dutch” way. The Jordaan district is thé place to be if you are in Amsterdam.  The apartment is suited for a maximum of four people (or family with three kids), smoke free and complete with all the  accessories and comforts needed to make your st","""Rabbit street"" is one of the most charming streets in the Jordaan and the canal area.  Some people say it's like the village in New York. ",You don't need any private transportation within the city: everything is within walking distance: but if you want: there is plenty of busses & trams just around the corner. Parking place within 5 min. walk. From airport: one direct bus to and from the apartment !,* Looking for responsible guests who will treat our home as their home. * This is a NON-SMOKING apartment. * No parties allowed.   * Please respect the quiet and friendly atmosphere of our neighbourhood.  * Please leave the flat in the condition that you found it.  * We live near by and we are always willing to help if necessary.  * Deposit: A deposit of 150 € will be pre-authorized on your credit card after booking. This is to cover any costs in case of damage. Of course full refund/no charge is guaranteed after check out if nothing appears to have been damaged or misused. The deposit will be secured via the website
