"Welcome to 'De Beerenburg'. Our small loft apartment  is on the 2nd and top floor of two (connected) 17th century buildings, with an amazing view.  In case we do not (seem to) have vacancy, do not hesitate to contact us and we'll see what we can do, we might plan a spontaneous holiday.","Mix of minimal and mid century design in a monumental house.  Details: two double beds (1 separate bedroom, 1 mezzanine bedroom + steep stairs), lovely lounge in the attic. History ‘De Beerenburg’: Beerenburg is a typical Dutch drink, made by adding herbs to jenever or brandy  (ca. 32% alcohol). The original Beerenburg was made since the 17th century with a secret mixture of spices from the Amsterdam ‘pharmacist' and  spice merchant Hendrik Beerenburg, to whom it owes its name. Hendrik Beerenburg lived in this house (1645). On top of the roof you can see a sculpture of a bear (‘beer’) sitting in a castle tower (‘burg’). The herbs were imported from Venice, as shown on the decorated housefront (the winged lion of San Marco).","Welcome to 'De Beerenburg'. Our small loft apartment  is on the 2nd and top floor of two (connected) 17th century buildings, with an amazing view.  In case we do not (seem to) have vacancy, do not hesitate to contact us and we'll see what we can do, we might plan a spontaneous holiday. Mix of minimal and mid century design in a monumental house.  Details: two double beds (1 separate bedroom, 1 mezzanine bedroom + steep stairs), lovely lounge in the attic. History ‘De Beerenburg’: Beerenburg is a typical Dutch drink, made by adding herbs to jenever or brandy  (ca. 32% alcohol). The original Beerenburg was made since the 17th century with a secret mixture of spices from the Amsterdam ‘pharmacist' and  spice merchant Hendrik Beerenburg, to whom it owes its name. Hendrik Beerenburg lived in this house (1645). On top of the roof you can see a sculpture of a bear (‘beer’) sitting in a castle tower (‘burg’). The herbs were imported from Venice, as shown on the decorated housefront (the winged","This apt is located near the Haarlemmerstraat, with its charming shops and cafes, within walking distance of the main attractions such as the Dam Square, Anne Frank House, Beurs van Berlage, EYE (located directly opposite Amsterdam’s Central Station (ferry), Madame Tussauds, the Red Light District and Jordaan area (‘the 9 streets’). Museums, theaters, restaurants and night-life can all be found on your doorstep.","From Central Station you can take any train, tram, bus, water-taxi, ferry, canal cruise or metro/underground.    Bikes are available for rent at several locations in Amsterdam 🚲🚲","Dear guest, Please take care of my little place as if it is yours - The shower is under the roof, for tall people  a challenge, we are not allowed to improve the situation due to the national monumental status of this 17th century building, so please take a nice bath like in the old days :) - Pay attention on walking up and down the stairs to the top floor, use the cord to help you, the stairs to the top level are less/not suitable for small children & elderly people  - Feel free to use coffee, tea, sugar, salt, pepper, oil - Take off your shoes when you get in, just leave them outside the door or at the entrance The feeling of wood is very nice on naked feet - The work top is solid marble, it stains very easily So please do not leave anything that could make a stain (like orange juice, acid, tea, coffee, wine) There are a few chop boards and mats, please use them - On the top level, there is a mesh floor (partly): it is safe Just walk in the middle of it, not on the sides close to wal"
