,"Unique 2-storey family house, within 12 min. distance to the Amsterdam city centre and Dam Square (by tram) and 10 min biking to the beach. Available from 4 days up to 7 days (special prize) for a short stay. Shops, restaurants and bars are at walking distance.  Downstairs: living with open kitchen, an almost 3 meters high door is giving access to the terrace / garden. Second floor: Master bedroom, 2 separate bedrooms, bathroom witch bath, shower, toilet and lavatory, washing room with washing machine and tumble dryer. A separate toilet is situated downstairs. This spacious, 100 square-meter stone house is of modern design and was built eight years ago. Also available, use of towels, use of 4 bike's, Wifi, digital cable TV, 42 inch plasma, BBQ, small bed for 1 child (till 3 years old) available on request. The house is situated in a pedestrianized street. On walking distance :  Shopping centre with 2 supermarkets ( 2 min ) Excellent swimming water nearby ( 3 min ) Tram stop ( 3 min ) P","Unique 2-storey family house, within 12 min. distance to the Amsterdam city centre and Dam Square (by tram) and 10 min biking to the beach. Available from 4 days up to 7 days (special prize) for a short stay. Shops, restaurants and bars are at walking distance.  Downstairs: living with open kitchen, an almost 3 meters high door is giving access to the terrace / garden. Second floor: Master bedroom, 2 separate bedrooms, bathroom witch bath, shower, toilet and lavatory, washing room with washing machine and tumble dryer. A separate toilet is situated downstairs. This spacious, 100 square-meter stone house is of modern design and was built eight years ago. Also available, use of towels, use of 4 bike's, Wifi, digital cable TV, 42 inch plasma, BBQ, small bed for 1 child (till 3 years old) available on request. The house is situated in a pedestrianized street. On walking distance :  Shopping centre with 2 supermarkets ( 2 min ) Excellent swimming water nearby ( 3 min ) Tram stop ( 3 min ) P",,,"- Please don't smoke inside the house, you can smoke in de garden/terrace - Please bring your garbage to collection point outside - You are allowed to use the towels - You are allowed to use 4 bike's - Please respect the neighbors at any time - Please take notice that after 19.00 parking is free in Erich Salomonstraat"
