"Comfortable, spaceous apartment on 2 floors with outdoor terrace on canal. Fully equipped as we live here with our family and only rent during the holidays. In a nice area, with many shops and restaurants, and a good location to explore the city!","Spaceous, cozy and comfortable family-home on 2 floors. With 1 master bedroom (double bed) and 2 kids bedrooms (each one bed), and 2 bathrooms. We can receive maximum 4 guests, our house is ideal for families on travel.  The kids rooms, the open kitchen and the dining room are on the ground floor, as well as a toilet and a small bathroom with shower. Right outside we have a terrace with a view on the canal, where you can have breakfast or a drink in the evening in summer.  Our living is on the 1st floor, together with the double bedroom, a walk-in bathroom with bath and a separate toilet. It is a comfortable place with all modern facilities, such as cable TV and WIFI.","Comfortable, spaceous apartment on 2 floors with outdoor terrace on canal. Fully equipped as we live here with our family and only rent during the holidays. In a nice area, with many shops and restaurants, and a good location to explore the city! Spaceous, cozy and comfortable family-home on 2 floors. With 1 master bedroom (double bed) and 2 kids bedrooms (each one bed), and 2 bathrooms. We can receive maximum 4 guests, our house is ideal for families on travel.  The kids rooms, the open kitchen and the dining room are on the ground floor, as well as a toilet and a small bathroom with shower. Right outside we have a terrace with a view on the canal, where you can have breakfast or a drink in the evening in summer.  Our living is on the 1st floor, together with the double bedroom, a walk-in bathroom with bath and a separate toilet. It is a comfortable place with all modern facilities, such as cable TV and WIFI. We only rent during our own holidays, and will have a contact person availab","The neighborhood is very friendly and yet near the city centre. Our apartment is located on a quiet canal in Amsterdam-Oost. In walking distance you will find shops, restaurants, supermarkets and 2  parks to hang out in.","Nearby trams 3, 7 and 9 get you to all tourist attractions in ten minutes.. Amstel train station is 10 minutes by foot. You can also rent a bike (at Amstel Station or in the shop next door in the Pretoriusstraat), making it even easier to travel around.","Since this is our family home we would appreciate if our visitors enjoy the house as much as we do and treat it with respect. After 22.00 we ask you to be quiet in and around the house (i.e. no loud music, no loud talking outside on the terrace) to respect the neighbours.  We do not allow smoking in the house, but you can smoke on the terrace outside."
