"Central but on a quiet street, baby & toddler friendly (2 baby/toddler beds, stokke chairs, lots of toys) apartment with a common garden and a common terrace.","Our spacious, full of light and very cozy apartment (83m2) is perfectly located in ""Jordaan"" - cannot get more central than this!  Although it is very central (2 minutes walking from Leidseplein, 10 minutes walking from the main museums - Van Gogh, Rijks, Stedelijk, Heineken, Diamond, Anna Frank etc. 2 minutes from the famous shopping area ""9 streets"", it is on a very quite street. The apartment is reachable within 30 minutes by bus from the airport. There are two bedrooms available. Neighbourhood/Location (wiki) Originally a working-class neighbourhood, the Jordaan has become one of the most expensive, upscale locations in the Netherlands. It is home to many art galleries, particularly for modern art, and is also dotted with speciality shops and restaurants. Markets are held regularly at Noordermarkt, the Westerstraat (the Lapjesmarkt textile market) and Lindengracht. Living Area  The apartment has a huge living room, fully equipped open kitchen, 6 person dinner table, flatscreen tv, ","Central but on a quiet street, baby & toddler friendly (2 baby/toddler beds, stokke chairs, lots of toys) apartment with a common garden and a common terrace. Our spacious, full of light and very cozy apartment (83m2) is perfectly located in ""Jordaan"" - cannot get more central than this!  Although it is very central (2 minutes walking from Leidseplein, 10 minutes walking from the main museums - Van Gogh, Rijks, Stedelijk, Heineken, Diamond, Anna Frank etc. 2 minutes from the famous shopping area ""9 streets"", it is on a very quite street. The apartment is reachable within 30 minutes by bus from the airport. There are two bedrooms available. Neighbourhood/Location (wiki) Originally a working-class neighbourhood, the Jordaan has become one of the most expensive, upscale locations in the Netherlands. It is home to many art galleries, particularly for modern art, and is also dotted with speciality shops and restaurants. Markets are held regularly at Noordermarkt, the Westerstraat (the Lapje",,5 min from bus/tram stop Leidseplein,"First of all, please note that it is a home, not a hotel:) It's a place we live & enjoy, and hope u'll enjoy it for your stay too!  No smoking in the house No shoes in house (slippers are provided) No pets No guests allowed No smoking in the common terrace No parties in the house"
