,"Welcome to Amsterdam! Looking for somewhere to stay with your partner, family or with a bunch of friends, it is all possible in this place! The apartment is in the south of Amsterdam, a very friendly and classy neighbourhood. Shops, deli's and restaurants around the corner.  Very close to the centre, 10 min by bike or tram. Easy public transport connections. Busstop to the airport closeby to get to the airport in 20 minutes.  Direct bus to the RAI congress centre (30 min) or 10 min by car.  Good and cheap parking facilities (€8 per 24hours) just 5 minutes away.   There are two bedrooms, a spacious masterbedroom and a single room with a bunkbed. Both bedrooms have access to the garden. If needed you can use the sleeping sofa (pretty comfortable) in the lounge aswell.   Free wifi, kitchen with coffee, tea and all basics that you might need.  Separate shower and toilet.  For young children there is a small playground just at the end of the street. Within about a 10 minutes walk you can ge","Welcome to Amsterdam! Looking for somewhere to stay with your partner, family or with a bunch of friends, it is all possible in this place! The apartment is in the south of Amsterdam, a very friendly and classy neighbourhood. Shops, deli's and restaurants around the corner.  Very close to the centre, 10 min by bike or tram. Easy public transport connections. Busstop to the airport closeby to get to the airport in 20 minutes.  Direct bus to the RAI congress centre (30 min) or 10 min by car.  Good and cheap parking facilities (€8 per 24hours) just 5 minutes away.   There are two bedrooms, a spacious masterbedroom and a single room with a bunkbed. Both bedrooms have access to the garden. If needed you can use the sleeping sofa (pretty comfortable) in the lounge aswell.   Free wifi, kitchen with coffee, tea and all basics that you might need.  Separate shower and toilet.  For young children there is a small playground just at the end of the street. Within about a 10 minutes walk you can ge",,,"Please pay respect as I love my house dearly.  No drugs, party or trashing.  Smoking in the garden no problem.  No loud music after 23:00 hours.  I have set my check in and check out times flexible, however I really appreciate a clear communication before arrival.  Dogs are very welcome in my house, as long as they don't eat the neighbouring cats in the garden!"
