"Our cosy 2 bedroom family apartment is located on Amsterdam-IJburg, close to a tramstop that brings you in 15 min to the heart of Amsterdam. We live right above the local shopping center and a 15 minute walk from Blijburg beach. Kids-paradise!","Cosy two-bedroom family apartment in Amsterdam. Masterbedroom with a double bed, the large kids-room has a bunkbed. The spacious living room, with open kitchen, has a (very old) sofabed, that could host two additional persons. Bathroom with bathtub and separate shower cabin. Pets are allowed, we have a dog ourselves. (that won't be present during your stay of course) The apartment is situated on the second floor. On the first floor there's access to a huge common garden. Total surface of the apartment is 92 m2. Wifi is available and for free.  The apartment is situated next to a tramstop, every 7 minutes tram 26 brings you to the center of Amsterdam, with its beautiful canals and fabulous museums and parks. The apartment is just a couple of minutes away from the waterside and a beach. There's a little marina on the island with bars and restaurants, there's a windsurf- and sailingschool nearby. The apartmentcomplex has an elevator and a private parking space in the garage. Use of the ga","Our cosy 2 bedroom family apartment is located on Amsterdam-IJburg, close to a tramstop that brings you in 15 min to the heart of Amsterdam. We live right above the local shopping center and a 15 minute walk from Blijburg beach. Kids-paradise! Cosy two-bedroom family apartment in Amsterdam. Masterbedroom with a double bed, the large kids-room has a bunkbed. The spacious living room, with open kitchen, has a (very old) sofabed, that could host two additional persons. Bathroom with bathtub and separate shower cabin. Pets are allowed, we have a dog ourselves. (that won't be present during your stay of course) The apartment is situated on the second floor. On the first floor there's access to a huge common garden. Total surface of the apartment is 92 m2. Wifi is available and for free.  The apartment is situated next to a tramstop, every 7 minutes tram 26 brings you to the center of Amsterdam, with its beautiful canals and fabulous museums and parks. The apartment is just a couple of minut","Amsterdam-IJburg is a relatively new living area in the east of Amsterdam, with lots of water and plenty of kids. You can find fantastic architecture here, there's a small Marina, from where you could take a boat to the small islands near Amsterdam. The connection to the city center is very good, every 7 minutes a tram takes you in 15 minutes to the heart of Amsterdam with it's beautiful canals, museums, parks, bars and restaurants. If you don't feel like visiting the city you could visit Blijburg beach, or take a stroll in Diemerpark and have lunch in Paviljoen Puur.","Tram 26 takes you to the city center every seven minutes. The beach is a 15 minute walk, but you could also take bus 66 to get there in 5 minutes.","Make yourself at home. You can make use of the common garden, but please respect the people living there. No smoking permitted in the house. You can smoke on the balcony of course."
