,"Available beds: - 1 double bed - 1 toddler's bed (up to 6 y/o) - 1 baby cod - we also have a spare mattress (adult size) that we can put on the ground. Note that this is not an actual bed. Spacious and light apartment in the little urban village 'Oud-west'. Two-minute walk to the Vondelpark, 10 minutes walk to the centre (Leidseplein/Paradiso), 15 minutes to the museum square (van Goghmuseum). 'Oud West' is an authentic neighborhood with lots of nice cafes, cosy lunchrooms and affordable but good restaurants. The neighborhood is very safe, the street is nice and quiet. Easily accessible from the Central station by tram, running every 5 minutes or from 'Amsterdam Lelylaan'. Travel time about 20-30 min from Central Station. Travel time from airport Schiphol via Lelylaan about 30minutes.  The apartment is 70 square meters, has a living room/dining room, a separate kitchen, three bedrooms (one with a double bed, two with beds for small children), a small bathroom and separate toilet, and t","Available beds: - 1 double bed - 1 toddler's bed (up to 6 y/o) - 1 baby cod - we also have a spare mattress (adult size) that we can put on the ground. Note that this is not an actual bed. Spacious and light apartment in the little urban village 'Oud-west'. Two-minute walk to the Vondelpark, 10 minutes walk to the centre (Leidseplein/Paradiso), 15 minutes to the museum square (van Goghmuseum). 'Oud West' is an authentic neighborhood with lots of nice cafes, cosy lunchrooms and affordable but good restaurants. The neighborhood is very safe, the street is nice and quiet. Easily accessible from the Central station by tram, running every 5 minutes or from 'Amsterdam Lelylaan'. Travel time about 20-30 min from Central Station. Travel time from airport Schiphol via Lelylaan about 30minutes.  The apartment is 70 square meters, has a living room/dining room, a separate kitchen, three bedrooms (one with a double bed, two with beds for small children), a small bathroom and separate toilet, and t",,"Useful websites: -> Search for 'NS train' which is the name of the national railway company; they have a good travel planner -> Search for 'ov9292' to get a travel planner that includes ALL public transport (train, metro, tram, bus etc.) -> Search for 'ov chipkaart tourists' to see how you can get tickets for public transport. Public transport to the apartment: From Central Station -> Between 11 AM and 6 PM, tram 11 takes you directly to the apartment. Take the stop 'Rhijnvis Feithstraat'. Walking distance from the stop to the apartment is max 5 minutes. -> between about 6 AM on weekdays, 7AM in the weekend and 00:30, there are several options: 1. Take tram 17 from the central station and get off at stop ""Jan Pieter Heijestraat"". Walking distance to the apartment is 8 minutes.  2. Take the train to Amsterdam Lelylaan. Then take tram 1 heading to 'Muiderpoortstation"" and get off at the stop ""Rhijnvis Feithstraat"". Walking distance to the apartment: 5 minutes 3. Take the metro (52) to st","Just a few rules to make your stay as pleasant as possible for everyone:  - No smoking inside!  - Please be aware of the residents in the building, especially at night!  - No groups allowed (we would prefer a family or a couple) - No pets allowed That's it!"
