"Our house is still available from 24 december 2016 tot 11 januari 2017 and we will have a beautiful christmas tree! Our 2-story house is located in one of the most beautiful streets in the heart of high-end neighbourhood OUD-ZUID - Museumquarter, very close to the Cornelis Schuytstraat and other lovely coffeeplaces, perfect shopping area: best stores/ boutiques of the city, restaurants, Museumplein, Vondelpark, Concertbuilding, museums, nightlife, all this within 5 min walking distance. Locat","The apt has living room, open kitchen and outside patio on ground floor and 3 bedrooms with one spacious bathroom downstairs with hot tub and shower (sous). One spacious masterbedroom and a two smaller bedrooms.. In total one doublebed, one singlebed that can be made a doublebed and we have two babycots available. Please note that our house is best suitable for a couple of a family with kids, because of the shared bathroom. Parking is always available in front of the house, public transportation very close.    Rate includes use of 2 bikes and daily essentials like coffee/tea, towels, linen, soap etc. We will also provide for some cold drinks (wine, soda and beers) in the fridge. On request: extra cleaning /maid service and breakfast (additional costs). Optional if you bring your children: very good babysitter (additional costs) and babyseats for bikes.","Our house is still available from 24 december 2016 tot 11 januari 2017 and we will have a beautiful christmas tree! Our 2-story house is located in one of the most beautiful streets in the heart of high-end neighbourhood OUD-ZUID - Museumquarter, very close to the Cornelis Schuytstraat and other lovely coffeeplaces, perfect shopping area: best stores/ boutiques of the city, restaurants, Museumplein, Vondelpark, Concertbuilding, museums, nightlife, all this within 5 min walking distance. Locat The apt has living room, open kitchen and outside patio on ground floor and 3 bedrooms with one spacious bathroom downstairs with hot tub and shower (sous). One spacious masterbedroom and a two smaller bedrooms.. In total one doublebed, one singlebed that can be made a doublebed and we have two babycots available. Please note that our house is best suitable for a couple of a family with kids, because of the shared bathroom. Parking is always available in front of the house, public transportation v",,,"House is ideal for a family with children and not for 4 or 5 adults. babybed is available as well as babystuff like chairs etc. NO SMOKING INSIDE PLEASE We expect you to make use of our home as if it was yours. We only rent our home if we are  away or if we can arrange to leave during the time you would like to stay in our home. So if you want to stay on other dates than available dates on the calendar, you can always email us and we will see if we can make it work."
