"Beautiful quiet family home (140 sq mtr +)  in nicest area of Amsterdam. Spacious living room, dining room, kitchen with Aga cooker, two large bedrooms, 2 toilets, lux. bathroom, garden. Close to park, shops, biological market (sat), museums and with two lovely cats.","Spacious appartement in best area of Amsterdam, quiet, green, close to park. But also great biological market every saturday just around the corner, plenty of nice boutiques in the neighbourhoud, supermarkets, backery, butcher, ice cream shop, cafe's and restaurants (Oud Zuid for great lunch & diners opposite the house. Valerius coffee on the corner, Le Pain Quotidien = 50 mtrs).  Use of training bike in basement. Park available for running :-) Perfect for families with children (2)","Beautiful quiet family home (140 sq mtr +)  in nicest area of Amsterdam. Spacious living room, dining room, kitchen with Aga cooker, two large bedrooms, 2 toilets, lux. bathroom, garden. Close to park, shops, biological market (sat), museums and with two lovely cats. Spacious appartement in best area of Amsterdam, quiet, green, close to park. But also great biological market every saturday just around the corner, plenty of nice boutiques in the neighbourhoud, supermarkets, backery, butcher, ice cream shop, cafe's and restaurants (Oud Zuid for great lunch & diners opposite the house. Valerius coffee on the corner, Le Pain Quotidien = 50 mtrs).  Use of training bike in basement. Park available for running :-) Perfect for families with children (2) Use of bicycles can be arranged (2 adults, 2 childrens) If you have any questions during your stay you can always call me and I will do my best to help you. Our neighbourhood is very cosy, with a great bio market on saturdays just around the co","Our neighbourhood is very cosy, with a great bio market on saturdays just around the corner and lots of restaurants and lunchrooms. Close to the Vondelpark and city center.",Trams very close to the house. Although bike is always the best of course ;-),No smoking & no drugs & no animals
