"Centrally located (by Vondelpark) in a trendy neighborhood, we have a clean, comfortable  place for you. By staying in our home you will experience Amsterdam like the locals do, with trendy bars and great restaurants all around. 10 minutes to center","The space comfortably accommodates 4 guests and a baby. 2 bedrooms both with queensize bed, the second (larger one) not shown on pictures also has a baby bed, living room, kitchen, and big bathroom. The house is clean, cozy and very close to the center. Vondelpark is a few minutes walk from our home. Grocery store is just around the corner. Outside the house is a tram that goes every 10 minutes into the heart of the center and directly to the museum district. Please note that one of the bedrooms is not showing, this room is larger and has a king sized bed.   hallo","Centrally located (by Vondelpark) in a trendy neighborhood, we have a clean, comfortable  place for you. By staying in our home you will experience Amsterdam like the locals do, with trendy bars and great restaurants all around. 10 minutes to center The space comfortably accommodates 4 guests and a baby. 2 bedrooms both with queensize bed, the second (larger one) not shown on pictures also has a baby bed, living room, kitchen, and big bathroom. The house is clean, cozy and very close to the center. Vondelpark is a few minutes walk from our home. Grocery store is just around the corner. Outside the house is a tram that goes every 10 minutes into the heart of the center and directly to the museum district. Please note that one of the bedrooms is not showing, this room is larger and has a king sized bed.   hallo You will have total access, i.e. 2 bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, livingroom. We will not be home during your stay and hope you will treat our beautiful home with the respect we giv","The neighbourhood  is part of Amsterdams famous Oud-Zuid area. It is clean and tidy, busy during the day because of the many shops and quiet at night with plenty of bars and restaurants just around the corner.You will find everything from Michelin star food to international cuisine (including dutch). Every saturday there is a delicasies market just down the road. The park and center are also never far away.   ","A 1 minute walk will get you to a tram stop right by our house (tram 2) which goes through the heart of the center all the way to central station.  * This tram goes every 10 minutes monday-sunday until past midnight.  * A 24 hour pass is 7.50 and  * A 48 hour pass is 12.50, both of which you can buy on the tram.  * If you stay out late there is also a nightbus from the center, it stops 1 minute walking distance from the house.  * Another option at night is also a taxi (from the center it is about 12.50 euros).  * There is also bus access outside the house which will take you to Amsterdam zuid trainstation (15 min. Bus ride), from there you can catch a train to schiphol (7 min trainride). ",Please help us keep the house clean by leaving your shoes at the door. No smoking in the house. Don't bring back of extra guests to the house that were not specified on airbnb.
