"Our home is a recently renovated 120 years old house with a nice garden. Having three small children (3/6/8 yo), the house is perfect for a young family who want to explore the city - starting just around the corner (cafe's, shops and restaurants)","Important: suited for 2 adults and max 3 children only! Our home is a recently renovated 120 years old house with a nice garden. It is situated in ""De Pijp"", a very lively neighbourhood near the city center, known for its cozyness, with lots of small restaurants and shops.    We have three children ourselves (1/4/6 years old). Renovating our 110 m2 house from scratch enables us to raise a family in the middle of the city - with all the joys and challenges that is included. The kids have their own rooms, which is very nice.  Cooking is important to us, so the kitchen is situated in the middle of the house and fully equipped. You will be able to prepare all your meals in the house.  The nice thing of this house is that everyting you need is within walking distance (Sarphatipark, supermarket, restaurants, shops, famous Albert Cuyp market, Amstel river). And everything Amsterdam is know for is an easy commute from our house by bike (you can borrow ours) or tram (stop across the street). We","Our home is a recently renovated 120 years old house with a nice garden. Having three small children (3/6/8 yo), the house is perfect for a young family who want to explore the city - starting just around the corner (cafe's, shops and restaurants) Important: suited for 2 adults and max 3 children only! Our home is a recently renovated 120 years old house with a nice garden. It is situated in ""De Pijp"", a very lively neighbourhood near the city center, known for its cozyness, with lots of small restaurants and shops.    We have three children ourselves (1/4/6 years old). Renovating our 110 m2 house from scratch enables us to raise a family in the middle of the city - with all the joys and challenges that is included. The kids have their own rooms, which is very nice.  Cooking is important to us, so the kitchen is situated in the middle of the house and fully equipped. You will be able to prepare all your meals in the house.  The nice thing of this house is that everyting you need is wit","De Pijp, known as Amsterdam's Quartier Latin, situated in the southern part of Amsterdam away from the bustle in the streets of central Amsterdam, is one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. The inhabitants, the narrow streets, the many cafes and restaurants and the atmosphere of De Pijp are all reminiscent of the famous Parisian students' quarter. No one really knows what the name ""De Pijp"" stands for. Some people say it owes its name to the long and narrow streets that resemble pipes or to the infamous gas company, the 'Pipe', which used to supply energy to the area. Formerly a working class quarter built to ease the overpopulated Jordaan in the 19th century and to house labourers, De Pijp nowadays is a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. In De Pijp 144 nationalities live together. It is one of the most popular residential, shopping and entertainment areas in Amsterdam. Thanks to scores of artists and students in search of a cheap room to rent, De Pijp ",There is a tram that can take you to the city center across the street.,
