Best of both worlds! Quiet street on authentic Dutch dyke very close to Amsterdam city centre. - On North shore of the Amsterdam IJ - Amazing views  - 15 min bike ride from Dam square - Perfect for children - Free parking in front,"Situated on the waterfront of the Amsterdam IJ lays  the peaceful almost fairy-like Schellingwouderdijk, one of the most remarkable streets of entire Amsterdam. On this typical dutch dyke stands our charming 3/4 bedroom house (130m2). Surrounded by lots of greenery, with a private garden and a large rooftop terrace the perfect place for a relaxing holiday just a couple of steps away from the Amsterdam city centre.  The House Our three level house is built on/in a typical dutch dyke, with our garden laying ten feet below the main entrance. It's recently renovated and  surprisingly spacious. There are three different bedrooms and a extra queen size bed on the first floor passage. The cozy kitchen (email hidden) and is equipped with an oven, gascooker, large Smeg refrigeartor,  dishwasher, watercooker and an espressomachine. Whether you want to eat in- or outside there are four large diningtables in and around the house.  Since we have small children of our own, it's perfectly fit for (on","Best of both worlds! Quiet street on authentic Dutch dyke very close to Amsterdam city centre. - On North shore of the Amsterdam IJ - Amazing views  - 15 min bike ride from Dam square - Perfect for children - Free parking in front Situated on the waterfront of the Amsterdam IJ lays  the peaceful almost fairy-like Schellingwouderdijk, one of the most remarkable streets of entire Amsterdam. On this typical dutch dyke stands our charming 3/4 bedroom house (130m2). Surrounded by lots of greenery, with a private garden and a large rooftop terrace the perfect place for a relaxing holiday just a couple of steps away from the Amsterdam city centre.  The House Our three level house is built on/in a typical dutch dyke, with our garden laying ten feet below the main entrance. It's recently renovated and  surprisingly spacious. There are three different bedrooms and a extra queen size bed on the first floor passage. The cozy kitchen (email hidden) and is equipped with an oven, gascooker, large Sme","Schellingwoude is one of two (Nieuwendam is the other) former fishing-villages which nowadays are fully incorporated in upcoming creative and trendy Amsterdam North. The atmosphere however is still that of a rural community, where everybody's laidback and enjoying the better things of life. ","There's a bus stopping nearby which takes you to the city centre in 7 minutes.  By car it's only 5 minute ride to the city centre, but beware of the expensive parkingfees. All main exit routes are very easy to reach (3 min), so in the blink of an eye you're on your way to discover the rest of Holland","- Our apartment is only suited for families, couples and business trips. - Please respect the house and the neighbourhood: quiet time after 9.00 PM."
