"Our family home is situated in a dynamic and popular neighbourhood. It's light and airy and fully equiped for your family trip to Amsterdam. A beautiful park and the city zoo are around the corner, all is within walking distance from the city center.","If you're looking for a comfortable place in a lively authentic Amsterdam neighbourhood, our home is your best choice. A two bedroom, 90 sq. meters appartment on third and fourth floor, fully equiped and furnished, with a lovely, private roof terrace.  It's an original 1900s building, so no elevator but lots of light and views once you reach the top. The living room covers the entire third floor, with an open plan kitchen and dinig area. There is an extra room on this floor that is used as a work space, and has a comfortable folding guest bed.  Upstairs, there are two bedrooms, a modern bathroom with bath and shower and the laundry. The roof terrace is accessible through the master bedroom and will offer you a quite, sun-bathed retreat after a busy day of sightseeing.  Naturally, wifi, cable TV and home entertainment will be at your disposal. The appartment looks out over the famous Dappermarkt (ranked top 10 globally by National Geographic) where you can get all your grocieries - and ","Our family home is situated in a dynamic and popular neighbourhood. It's light and airy and fully equiped for your family trip to Amsterdam. A beautiful park and the city zoo are around the corner, all is within walking distance from the city center. If you're looking for a comfortable place in a lively authentic Amsterdam neighbourhood, our home is your best choice. A two bedroom, 90 sq. meters appartment on third and fourth floor, fully equiped and furnished, with a lovely, private roof terrace.  It's an original 1900s building, so no elevator but lots of light and views once you reach the top. The living room covers the entire third floor, with an open plan kitchen and dinig area. There is an extra room on this floor that is used as a work space, and has a comfortable folding guest bed.  Upstairs, there are two bedrooms, a modern bathroom with bath and shower and the laundry. The roof terrace is accessible through the master bedroom and will offer you a quite, sun-bathed retreat aft","We love everything about our neighbourhood, but mostly the nice atmosphere and the park.","Tram number 9 is closest, and a railway station is close by in case you want to leave the city by train.","No smoking, no pets allowed.  For the rest: read our ""house manual"", it tells you more than you want to know ;)."
