"Hi! Thanks for looking at our apartment. Please read entire description before booking (min 5 days/nights). We ONLY accept families and couples with MAX 3 adults. This is a lovely child-friendly apt in a super location in De Pijp. It's where we live so it is not primarily used as a holiday house, but a ""real"" apartment. Apartment is in a great spot with 5 trams near Albert Cuyp Market, Sarphatipark and RAI station. Chef's kitchen, balcony, Wifi, cable and amenities. Toys, high chair, baby cot.","This is a perfect apartment for a couple, a family, or one to two adults traveling together (suitable for max 3 adults). Families with kids are also very welcome and we have many things to make life easy for you, such a toys, a high chair, kids plates/cutlery, and a travel cot. Note, this is where we live year-round and we make the apartment available while we're away. It's not a hotel, which means you'll be stepping into our space when you arrive rather than a holiday house. Please consider this when you book. Situated on a tree-lined neighbourhood square in one of Amsterdam's liveliest and most popular neighborhoods (de Pijp), our apartment offers a sunny, open, and peaceful place to feel at home right in the heart of the city. This apartment is built in Amsterdam ""school""-style (1920s/30s with glass-in-lead sliding doors throughout and other features characteristic of the time period). A few steps and you're eating at some of the city's best restaurants, and a few minutes more (walk","Hi! Thanks for looking at our apartment. Please read entire description before booking (min 5 days/nights). We ONLY accept families and couples with MAX 3 adults. This is a lovely child-friendly apt in a super location in De Pijp. It's where we live so it is not primarily used as a holiday house, but a ""real"" apartment. Apartment is in a great spot with 5 trams near Albert Cuyp Market, Sarphatipark and RAI station. Chef's kitchen, balcony, Wifi, cable and amenities. Toys, high chair, baby cot. This is a perfect apartment for a couple, a family, or one to two adults traveling together (suitable for max 3 adults). Families with kids are also very welcome and we have many things to make life easy for you, such a toys, a high chair, kids plates/cutlery, and a travel cot. Note, this is where we live year-round and we make the apartment available while we're away. It's not a hotel, which means you'll be stepping into our space when you arrive rather than a holiday house. Please consider this","As mentioned previously, de Pijp is one of Amsterdam's most popular neighbourhoods and nicknamed the Latin Quarter. Upon stepping out of our front door, you are greeted with restaurants (six within 30 seconds' walk, including 2 ""famous"" ones), an organic/bio bakery, laundry, coffee shop, and bars, as well as a square with benches to just rest and watch passersby.  Sarphati Park and Albert Cuypmarkt are less than 5 minutes' walk away, as are a selection of supermarkets, bakeries, cafes, boutiques and just about anything you'd be hoping to buy. De Pijp is one of those areas...those who live here try hard not to leave it! Please note, this is not right in the middle of the tourist center - if you want to be in the ""42nd street"" of Amsterdam, it is better to book something right at Dam Square, Leiseplein or near Centraal Station. This neighborhood is lively but residential and known for its nightlife, charm, food, and diversity.","When you do want to go beyond the neighborhood though, exploring the rest of the city from our house is easy and convenient.  PUBLIC TRANSPORT: We have 5 different trams within 2-8 minutes of walking which take you anywhere in the city, including directly through the city center and to Centraal Station. Tram lines include 3, 12, 4, 16, and 24. TRAIN: You can also easily get to Amstel or RAI stations within a short tram ride to get out of the city or to the airport. Centraal Station or Sloterdijk station are also within about a 15-20 minute tram ride. TAXI: Expensive in Amsterdam! Uber is less expensive when possible. A taxi from the airport to here is about 35 euros. Within the city is usually 12 to 20 euros. BIKE: Renting bikes is a good option. There is a decent, quieter area to practice just to the south of us, or you can do so in a park. The city center is very busy by bike but a fun way to experience things. CAR: Parking in Amsterdam is not the cheapest nor most pleasant experienc","We appreciate guests who will treat our home with great respect and care, and ask that you leave the place as clean as you found it.  The apartment offered is for the guests registered only. We request no additional guests for parties, dinners, etc. Thank you for keeping to this rule! We prefer that you don't smoke in the house, and don't wear shoes indoors except slippers.  We recycle glass, plastic and paper and keep these separated on the balcony. They can be taken out to the bins on our square. Actual garbage can only be taken out Tuesday and Friday evenings after 9pm and put out on the street in front of the house (we'll get a fine if you leave it any earlier). Other than that please enjoy yourself!"
