"In the heart of Amsterdam 'Jordaan' you find my luxurious apartment (60m2): with my pride my 'golden' bath(room), modern kitchen, spacious light living room, romantic bedroom (double bed) and rooftop which overviews the city. Love to welcome you!","When you go outside you immediately stroll into the nicest area of Amsterdam... 1 minute walking to the best shopping street of the Netherlands 'Haarlemmerstraat', 5 minutes walking to the Anne Frank, 10 to the Nine little streets; near the Westerpark. You find lovely restaurants everywhere.  Since my mum runs a B&B I love to host you and make you feel like a local in Amsterdam.","In the heart of Amsterdam 'Jordaan' you find my luxurious apartment (60m2): with my pride my 'golden' bath(room), modern kitchen, spacious light living room, romantic bedroom (double bed) and rooftop which overviews the city. Love to welcome you! When you go outside you immediately stroll into the nicest area of Amsterdam... 1 minute walking to the best shopping street of the Netherlands 'Haarlemmerstraat', 5 minutes walking to the Anne Frank, 10 to the Nine little streets; near the Westerpark. You find lovely restaurants everywhere.  Since my mum runs a B&B I love to host you and make you feel like a local in Amsterdam. Must sees top 5 1. Anne Frank House, please book on forehand on (Website hidden by Airbnb)  2. Noordermarkt: On Saturday’s and Mondays: biological, antique, vintage market. 3. Every first Sunday of the Month: Sunday Market: (Website hidden by Airbnb)  4. Eye film museum; (Website hidden by Airbnb) movie museum with best views for just a nice lunch 5. NSDM: (Website hid","Must sees top 5 1. Anne Frank House, please book on forehand on (Website hidden by Airbnb)  2. Noordermarkt: On Saturday’s and Mondays: biological, antique, vintage market. 3. Every first Sunday of the Month: Sunday Market: (Website hidden by Airbnb)  4. Eye film museum; (Website hidden by Airbnb) movie museum with best views for just a nice lunch 5. NSDM: (Website hidden by Airbnb) for food, IJhallen, going out. Other local activities Eat & drinks: (Website hidden by Airbnb) (you can check restaurants here) •Marqt: Haarlemmerstraat •Rollende keukens; rolling kitchens •Foodhallen: Kinkerstraat •Jordaan: ie Tweede Tuindwarsstraat (lot of nice places/restaurants) •Small world catering!!! Binnen Oranjedwarsstraat 14, s (Email hidden by Airbnb)  •Winkel for ‘best’ apple pie of Amsterdam •High tea at Amstel hotel •Double Tree Hilton hotel (for the fantastic view on the eleventh floor). A drink. •Mem’s (de Pijp); nice for lunch in combination with Albert Cuyp Market/Museum Square and Gerard ","You can reach my place 3 ways: - Taxi from Schiphol; 30-45 euros (go to Departure deck Three, there TCA company is much cheaper than the others!!! Of course Uber is possible too) - Train from Schiphol to Amsterdam Central Station and Taxi from Central Station (around 10-12 euros) - bus: 22 to Spaarndam and get off at Buiten Oranje Dwarsstraat (3 stop) And walk towards Haarlemmerdijk - Coffee Company - straight on to Brouwersgracht - cross little bridge - Walk into Willemstraat (you see Tazinna on right) - At Basilico you will find my apartment around the corner. - Walking Haarlemmerdijk until Coffee Company (and follow upstairs description); It'll take you around 20 minutes walking.","If you break it, you make and pay it... No smoking, drugs or party allowed in my place! And I love my neighbours, please be gentle to them (quiet). No paper (except toilet paper), tampons and other stuff in the toilet!!! Thank you!"
