"Christmas & New Year bookings only for 6 night or more!!  Our spacious, safe and  peaceful apartment lies in the cultural heart of  Amsterdam! Located next to 3 top museums and  the vibrant entertainment district around Leidseplein. With elevator!","Beautifully furnished and lovely modern apartment in the Amsterdam stately 'Museum District'.  This first floor apartment in the tree-lined Pieter de Hoochstraatstraat is superbly located in the best neighborhood of Amsterdam. Christmas & New Year 2015 bookings only for 6 nights or longer! The first time you enter this luxurious apartment you will notice that it has been taken care of by owners Benny and Alexandra, who rent their appartment out during summer time. •Large Living/dining room with wooden floor; glass doors opening over the whole back of the house (7 meters wide), large TV / DVD player/ high speed WIFI, kitchen (fridge, stove / oven / microwave / coffee espresso machine).  •A large maste (Website hidden by Airbnb) bedroom with double bed (140 x 200) with access to bathroom with 2 washbasins, bath, 2nd toilet and separate shower.  •Spacious 2 m wide hallway, coat cupboard, access to 1rd toilet and washroom (washing machine, dryer, iron board, 2nd fridge), access to bathroom","Christmas & New Year bookings only for 6 night or more!!  Our spacious, safe and  peaceful apartment lies in the cultural heart of  Amsterdam! Located next to 3 top museums and  the vibrant entertainment district around Leidseplein. With elevator! Beautifully furnished and lovely modern apartment in the Amsterdam stately 'Museum District'.  This first floor apartment in the tree-lined Pieter de Hoochstraatstraat is superbly located in the best neighborhood of Amsterdam. Christmas & New Year 2015 bookings only for 6 nights or longer! The first time you enter this luxurious apartment you will notice that it has been taken care of by owners Benny and Alexandra, who rent their appartment out during summer time. •Large Living/dining room with wooden floor; glass doors opening over the whole back of the house (7 meters wide), large TV / DVD player/ high speed WIFI, kitchen (fridge, stove / oven / microwave / coffee espresso machine).  •A large maste (Website hidden by Airbnb) bedroom with do",Great diversity of amenities ,Very easy access by public transport,"Our apartment accomodates 2, 3 guests and 4 by exception. Smoking is not allowed. We do not cater to soft drug tourist :). Our house is not a youth hostel or party palace. So please make sure you tell us something about you and your travelplans when making an inquiry, Looking forward to discuss your stay, thanks! We hope you'll have a great time in our apartment and expect you to take good care of our place: If you turn it on...turn it off If you open it...close it. If you move it...put it back. If you borrow it..return it. If you break it...repair it. If you mess it up...clean it up If it is none of your concern.. leave it that way. Enjoy your stay!"
