"Our appartment is right in the middle of hot and happening neighbourhood De Pijp. Inside it is very quiet; the parkview invites you to spend some time on the balcony. Suitable for two adults, we prefere guests that stay for at least three nights.","Our appartement is very light, spacious and decorated with dedication and love. Our family history is connected  to this city and this neighbourhood, and you can sense this in the friendly atmosphere. Perfect for two adults, not suitable for children or babies. Also no animal pets.","Our appartment is right in the middle of hot and happening neighbourhood De Pijp. Inside it is very quiet; the parkview invites you to spend some time on the balcony. Suitable for two adults, we prefere guests that stay for at least three nights. Our appartement is very light, spacious and decorated with dedication and love. Our family history is connected  to this city and this neighbourhood, and you can sense this in the friendly atmosphere. Perfect for two adults, not suitable for children or babies. Also no animal pets. You have acces to the whole appartement, we are not living there when you are our guest. So the living room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and shower are all yours.  We will welcome you at the start of your stay, and when you are leaving we'd like to check the appartment together with you.  Our appartement is right in the middle of a vital, buzzling neighbourhood De Pijp. Typical Amsterdam old style houses, the famous Albert Cuyp market round the corner, and a very nic","Our appartement is right in the middle of a vital, buzzling neighbourhood De Pijp. Typical Amsterdam old style houses, the famous Albert Cuyp market round the corner, and a very nice, comfortabel and privit place to stay on your own. And ofcourse the lovely Sarphatipark right in front of you.",All kinds of public transport are les than 5 minutes walking distance.,"We love our appartement and pur neighbours, we expectatief you to be respectfull to the interior"
