"After 23 years I still regard my boat as paradise on earth. In the city centre, but so peaceful. Sitting on the deck watching swans and ducks go by is very special. The color of the water chances every day. You are very welcome to enjoy it yourself.","A perfect romantic getaway! This houseboat offers you a taste of Holland by the waterside with a spectacular view over the canal and the famous bridge built in the 'Amsterdam's School' architectural  style.  Just a ten-minute walk from the Central Station, this unique location places you in the center of the city with cafes, restaurants and shops at every turn. But the most beautiful thing about the place is that the boat itself is situated on a nice and quiet canal. Walk through the alley and you'll come to the Nieuwmarkt, a squeare with little cafes and restaurants and a beautiful old building in the centre of it all.  The hot spot of Amsterdam, including the popular Waterlooplein flea market, the Opera House, the Red Light District , China Town and the Dam Square are all within short walking distances.  I'm a writer. While staying in my home, you will get a taste of the warm artistic atmosphere I have surrounded myself with, and you will quickly find yourself at home. Simply imagine","After 23 years I still regard my boat as paradise on earth. In the city centre, but so peaceful. Sitting on the deck watching swans and ducks go by is very special. The color of the water chances every day. You are very welcome to enjoy it yourself. A perfect romantic getaway! This houseboat offers you a taste of Holland by the waterside with a spectacular view over the canal and the famous bridge built in the 'Amsterdam's School' architectural  style.  Just a ten-minute walk from the Central Station, this unique location places you in the center of the city with cafes, restaurants and shops at every turn. But the most beautiful thing about the place is that the boat itself is situated on a nice and quiet canal. Walk through the alley and you'll come to the Nieuwmarkt, a squeare with little cafes and restaurants and a beautiful old building in the centre of it all.  The hot spot of Amsterdam, including the popular Waterlooplein flea market, the Opera House, the Red Light District , Chi","Close to museums, red light district, shops, flea markets, cafes and restaurants. In the middle of the centre, yet so quiet and peaceful. Just walk through the alley and then you in the middle of vibrating Amsterdam.","3 minutes walk from the Metro, 10 minutes walk from the Central Station with connecting trams and trains and busses.","No smoking inside, no drugs.  Check in - If the boat was occupied the day before, then check in at 14.00. If not, you are free to come whenever you like.  Check out - 11.00  if there are guests coming. If not, whenever you like.  Minimum of 3 nights.  Atmosphere is really important to me, I have created a wonderful spot on the canal and I do want to share this unique spot with my guests. I expect them to 'treat' my house with care.  free internet access."
