"Welcome in my friendly and spacious apartement in Amsterdam! This 2th floor light en newly renovated apartement, that comfortably hosts 4 people, is close to the center and is a lovely starting point of enjoying the city!","It's a 2th floor apartment (60m2) that comfortably hosts 4 people and has two bedrooms (with two double beds). The place is fully furnished and will be suitable for two couples or a group of friends. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer and dishwasher).  You can use  tea, coffee and other products you need to cook your own meal and feel at home.  The bathroom is equipped with all necessities and you can use the shower gel and shampoo.  Enjoy your breakfast or a glass of wine on the balcony at the back of the apartment for a typical Amsterdam experience or enjoy watching tv or listing to a record in the bright living room.  Towels and bedlinnen are included and there is free wifi.  I just renovated the apartement so I hope it's even better then on the pictures!","Welcome in my friendly and spacious apartement in Amsterdam! This 2th floor light en newly renovated apartement, that comfortably hosts 4 people, is close to the center and is a lovely starting point of enjoying the city! It's a 2th floor apartment (60m2) that comfortably hosts 4 people and has two bedrooms (with two double beds). The place is fully furnished and will be suitable for two couples or a group of friends. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer and dishwasher).  You can use  tea, coffee and other products you need to cook your own meal and feel at home.  The bathroom is equipped with all necessities and you can use the shower gel and shampoo.  Enjoy your breakfast or a glass of wine on the balcony at the back of the apartment for a typical Amsterdam experience or enjoy watching tv or listing to a record in the bright living room.  Towels and bedlinnen are included and there is free wifi.  I just renovated the apartement so I hope it's even bet","The apartment is situated in the lively neighborhood ´The Baarsjes´ in the west of Amsterdam. The apartment is located next to the Mercator Square where you can buy your groceries, have dinner or a drink. In the area itself there are nice bars, shops, bike rentals and cafe´s. My apartment is situated in between two parks so with good weather you can enjoy a barbecue or picknick in the park. It is the perfect starting point to explore and enjoy all of Amsterdam.","In ten minutes by bike or tram you´ll reach the city center. There is a tram and bus stop just around the corner. Public transport is good but I would recommend to rent a bike to have the freedom to go where and whenever you want.  The sea is nearby, Zandvoort is easily reached by train (20 min). So in half an hour you'll be on the beach.  From Schiphol you'll be at my place within 30 minutes by public transport. Also from Amsterdam Central station it´s a direct connection and takes about 15-20 minutes. ","Smoking only at the balcony. Although this is Amsterdam, my house is drugs free place. If you want to party; there are enough places around so I would be pleased if it's not in my house:) I'm very glad to live here and I would like to keep my neighbors happy so don't put the tv or music extremely loud.  But above all; feel welcome and at home!"
