"Our beautiful (located and inside) apartment is build around 1900. It's a typical Amsterdam house, steep stair chase  Perfect for couples or a family with two small children. One parent bedroom with a baby kot. One room for a small child. ","Already for more then six years we have been living in this very nice and well located apartment. You have just to cross one street to enter the Jordan and cross another street to enjoy the Westerpark and its nice pubs, restasurants,the Westergasfabriek and lots of culture.  The central station is in a nice 15/20 minute walking distance (or 10 minutes by bus), along the famous ' best shopping street in Amsterdam' the Haarlemmerdijk. All the nice touristspots are easy to reach by foot, bicycle or public transport ( two tram-lines are within a few minutes walk). And if you want to avoid the tourist hotspots, you are also at the right place. There is enough to see and do around our apartment. And just around the corner, a pub, full of locals! We live at the third and partly fourth floor,we have two bedrooms, but one is for a small child. Further more we have a fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, two televisions (you can watch television from the bath!), a dvd player and lots of d","Our beautiful (located and inside) apartment is build around 1900. It's a typical Amsterdam house, steep stair chase  Perfect for couples or a family with two small children. One parent bedroom with a baby kot. One room for a small child.  Already for more then six years we have been living in this very nice and well located apartment. You have just to cross one street to enter the Jordan and cross another street to enjoy the Westerpark and its nice pubs, restasurants,the Westergasfabriek and lots of culture.  The central station is in a nice 15/20 minute walking distance (or 10 minutes by bus), along the famous ' best shopping street in Amsterdam' the Haarlemmerdijk. All the nice touristspots are easy to reach by foot, bicycle or public transport ( two tram-lines are within a few minutes walk). And if you want to avoid the tourist hotspots, you are also at the right place. There is enough to see and do around our apartment. And just around the corner, a pub, full of locals! We live at","The Westerpark with its nature/ culture and nice choices for food and drinks. The Haarlemmerdijk for the special shops and just walking around, always seeing nice things The Jordan, with the characteristic houses, the many restaurants and pubs. Everything on  walkingdistance.","Two tram lines,tram 3 brings you to the south part of the city ( to the most famous museums in Amsterdam, museumsquaure, vondelpark). Tram 10 brings you to the east part of the city, and it stops at the Leideplein area. Two bus connections (18 and 22), which drive to the central station.","-Please,no smoking inside the house. -Please,no joints inside the house. If you do, we'll keep the deposit. -Because it is an old house, round 1900, and because of its wooden floors and thin walls, it can be very noisy for the neighbours. We don't hear them but they hear us, so please be a little bit aware of that (especially around the kitchen, high healed shoes and childrens toys crossing the floor are a point of attention). -If your time of stay has expired, please don't leave any rubbish in the house."
