"I'm going to travel to Canada so my apartment with one cat is available for a 2 to 4  month rental period. It's a cosy apartment 5 minutes away from Amsterdam Muiderpoort. Ideal for couples, expats, creatives and professionals.","The space is 93m2 of comfort and homeliness. A balcony and sun deck which you can enjoy if the Dutch weather permits. A fully equipped kitchen where you can chop and cook up all the local and exotic produce you find on the Dappermarkt (open 6 days a week). A master bedroom with a 140cm bed and one guest room with a single bed (currently being renovated)  which can transform in a double bed. Some English books and cable tv if you don't feel like going out and not to forget:a beamer to plug your Mac in for your own in house cinema. Bathroom is just recently renovated with bath and shower  Please only people who are not allergic to- and fond of cats. Caring for cats is a day to day commitment which involves cleaning litter, feeding, combing, extra vacuuming, cat hairs on clothes and generally taking good care of them. Of course I take care of all the costs. Included in the rental are: a fully furnished house including linnen and towels, a cleaner who comes in once every two weeks, wifi, (","I'm going to travel to Canada so my apartment with one cat is available for a 2 to 4  month rental period. It's a cosy apartment 5 minutes away from Amsterdam Muiderpoort. Ideal for couples, expats, creatives and professionals. The space is 93m2 of comfort and homeliness. A balcony and sun deck which you can enjoy if the Dutch weather permits. A fully equipped kitchen where you can chop and cook up all the local and exotic produce you find on the Dappermarkt (open 6 days a week). A master bedroom with a 140cm bed and one guest room with a single bed (currently being renovated)  which can transform in a double bed. Some English books and cable tv if you don't feel like going out and not to forget:a beamer to plug your Mac in for your own in house cinema. Bathroom is just recently renovated with bath and shower  Please only people who are not allergic to- and fond of cats. Caring for cats is a day to day commitment which involves cleaning litter, feeding, combing, extra vacuuming, cat ha","The neighborhood..Ohh.. where to start, there are so much nice things to do, all which I can share with you while you're here just to meet your specific preferences. But here's some more general info on my hood: Amsterdam East has a particular funky charm, in the recent years it has undergone a lot of restructuring and urban rejuvenation to rid the wild west stories and safety. Not to worry at all, Amsterdam East is now one of the most upcoming happening neighborhoods where more and more locals would like to live. And it is absolutely safe during the day and at night, at least when you do not hang yourself with all the riches you possess, but that I would not recommend that in any big city. A lot of original buildings have unfortunately been demolished and replaced with horrendous social houses but not all of them. I'm lucky to have obtained one of the Amsterdam school type architectural buildings, which you can still see in the neighborhood. We are also in close vicinity of some great","Public Transport: Muiderpoort station only a 5 minute walk. Tram 7,14 and bus 22, will connect you with the center in a short 10 minutes.","There are a few house rules - No smoking inside- smoking can be done on the balcony     downstairs - No Drugs - I know that for some Amsterdam     can be quite alluring and I don't want to get in the way of     your 'enlightenment' as I am openminded but I sure do not  want to be responsible for your mental health in any case.  So if you feel like doing anything that's fine by me, just     come home in a normal state of mind. - No parties in my house- there's is plenty of places to    party in Amsterdam - No third party guests- known or unknown- for security and insurance reasons:     - If you break something, tell me honestly, we will work  something out"
