,"Please note the room is 90m2 and is completely private, with private bathroom and small kitchen. There is a lock on your room and my private things are not in there. I do not walk through the room either. I do live upstairs in the same house. We would only share the hallway. A basic  big studio room with a garden, private  big kitchen and private bathroom . Suitable for 2 persons or 2 couples or a family it has 2 big double beds and a single bed, it sleeps 5 persons. close to the Vondelpark in the heart of Amsterdam. A five minute walk will take you to the main museums and shopping streets. It also has WIFI . Price is quoted for 2 persons. The area is superb, there is a supermarket across the house , biological store, bakery, lots of restaurants and shops. The Vondel park is across the street and we are 2 minutes way from the PC hoofdstraat which is the  most elegant street for shopping. The Leidseplein is also extremely close with lots of restaurants and casino and  great night live. ","Please note the room is 90m2 and is completely private, with private bathroom and small kitchen. There is a lock on your room and my private things are not in there. I do not walk through the room either. I do live upstairs in the same house. We would only share the hallway. A basic  big studio room with a garden, private  big kitchen and private bathroom . Suitable for 2 persons or 2 couples or a family it has 2 big double beds and a single bed, it sleeps 5 persons. close to the Vondelpark in the heart of Amsterdam. A five minute walk will take you to the main museums and shopping streets. It also has WIFI . Price is quoted for 2 persons. The area is superb, there is a supermarket across the house , biological store, bakery, lots of restaurants and shops. The Vondel park is across the street and we are 2 minutes way from the PC hoofdstraat which is the  most elegant street for shopping. The Leidseplein is also extremely close with lots of restaurants and casino and  great night live. ",,,
