"Welcome to our recently renovated apartment at the Herengracht.   Our 100m2 apartment is the perfect place for families, colleagues or groups of friend to experience the 'real Amsterdam'. We left our place in classy, luxurious style with all new appliances there.  In total, the place offers two spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms, an amazing living room and two kitchens. Because of it's lay-out, with a separate studio inside the apartment, the place is perfect for families or two couples. Welcome!","This apartment consists of two units located on the same floor, which are rented together as one apartment.  The first is a private studio with bathroom, kitchenette and a kingsize double bed. The second unit is a luxurious apartment with separate bedroom and living room, large bathroom and spacious, fully equipped kitchen. There’s a kingsize bed in the bedroom and the living room has two sofa beds. The total amount of people the place is rented too is 6. All amenities such as free wifi and cable tv, towels, bedsheets etc. etc. are taken care of. This for you to start relaxing from the first minute and really experience a quiet break in the heart of Amsterdam.","Welcome to our recently renovated apartment at the Herengracht.   Our 100m2 apartment is the perfect place for families, colleagues or groups of friend to experience the 'real Amsterdam'. We left our place in classy, luxurious style with all new appliances there.  In total, the place offers two spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms, an amazing living room and two kitchens. Because of it's lay-out, with a separate studio inside the apartment, the place is perfect for families or two couples. Welcome! This apartment consists of two units located on the same floor, which are rented together as one apartment.  The first is a private studio with bathroom, kitchenette and a kingsize double bed. The second unit is a luxurious apartment with separate bedroom and living room, large bathroom and spacious, fully equipped kitchen. There’s a kingsize bed in the bedroom and the living room has two sofa beds. The total amount of people the place is rented too is 6. All amenities such as free wifi and cabl",Unique: the apartment is located at a quiet area along the canal in the heart of Amsterdam.,,"Please know that our apartment is only rented to guests coming to Amsterdam for sightseeing, (a break from) work or simply just to relax and lay back.  The place is not intented for party people, so please know about our 'non party' houserules, such as; smoking and the use of drugs is strictly forbidden. And exsessive drinking is not what the place is meant for (nevertheless we like a good glass of red wine ourselves too)."
