,"The recently renovated Gentle 4 Apartment is on the ground floor of a monumental building at Amsterdam’s most elegant, beautiful and central canal: the Herengracht (in English: “Gentlemen’s Canal""). It is located in the middle of the popular shopping area ‘The 9 streets’, is within 5 minutes walking to the central Dam Square and around the corner from historical must-visits such as the Anne Frank House. This luxurious apartment consists of a separate bedroom and living room, new bathroom and spacious, fully equipped kitchen. There’s a double bed in the bedroom; the living room has a double sofa-bed and a single sofa-bed, bringing the total number of guests that can stay in the apartment to 5 persons. Cable television and free wireless internet are provided.    (For your information: This apartment(Gentle-4) can also be rented together with a studio as one apartment(Gentle-6). This studio is equipped with a double bed, bathroom and a kitchenette. Rented together with the studio, the apa","The recently renovated Gentle 4 Apartment is on the ground floor of a monumental building at Amsterdam’s most elegant, beautiful and central canal: the Herengracht (in English: “Gentlemen’s Canal""). It is located in the middle of the popular shopping area ‘The 9 streets’, is within 5 minutes walking to the central Dam Square and around the corner from historical must-visits such as the Anne Frank House. This luxurious apartment consists of a separate bedroom and living room, new bathroom and spacious, fully equipped kitchen. There’s a double bed in the bedroom; the living room has a double sofa-bed and a single sofa-bed, bringing the total number of guests that can stay in the apartment to 5 persons. Cable television and free wireless internet are provided.    (For your information: This apartment(Gentle-4) can also be rented together with a studio as one apartment(Gentle-6). This studio is equipped with a double bed, bathroom and a kitchenette. Rented together with the studio, the apa",,,
