"GOLIATH: big artistic room with  king size  bed  .  Balcony with table and 4 chairs and flowers, where you can  smoke and chill out. Fridge,  big round  table and 3 chairs ,  wifi,  flatscreen TV, shared bathroom and shared  toilet  across the room.  Walking distance from  RAI congress center and shops and restaurants in Beethovenstraat. 15 minute walk from  Rijks museum  and Stedelijk museum . public transport tram 5 at  corner of   street . animal friendly . bikes for rent. Parking E  30  p.d.","Great space for small family who like to bring  their child   There is a king size bed that sleeps two . Childrens kot  is available on request  Shared bathroom /toilet with  David room, right in front of  door to  Goliath. Cozy   balcony with  table and chairs and flowers","GOLIATH: big artistic room with  king size  bed  .  Balcony with table and 4 chairs and flowers, where you can  smoke and chill out. Fridge,  big round  table and 3 chairs ,  wifi,  flatscreen TV, shared bathroom and shared  toilet  across the room.  Walking distance from  RAI congress center and shops and restaurants in Beethovenstraat. 15 minute walk from  Rijks museum  and Stedelijk museum . public transport tram 5 at  corner of   street . animal friendly . bikes for rent. Parking E  30  p.d. Great space for small family who like to bring  their child   There is a king size bed that sleeps two . Childrens kot  is available on request  Shared bathroom /toilet with  David room, right in front of  door to  Goliath. Cozy   balcony with  table and chairs and flowers Breakfast will be served  from 8.30 - 11 a.m. in the charming living room where guests mingle together around a big round table in  artistic setting. In summer time you may wish to  eat outside on the terrace. We prefer for t","Great  villa of historic value and in quiet surroundings, yet close to the hustle and bustle of the city centre.   There is a romantic Beatrix park  withn  3 minutes walk. Around the corner of elegant Beethovenstraat with fancy shopping and great restaurants and  walking distance from  city center or Rijksmuseum. There  are  various colorful streetmarkets to visit , like  Albert Cuyp, Noordermarket and  Waterloo plein.",Either you can rent a handy bike from us for euro 12.50 per day or  take a convenient tram line 5 which stops nearby at corner Beethovenstraat/ Stadionweg . Public transport is open till  midnight and there are  also   night buses.,"Please  always make sure the front door is closed. Small  pets are allowed, as we also have two siamese cats and a sweet small doggy called Suzie. Please let  Xaviera know the size of your animal. Smoking allowed on the various balconies or  garden terrace but not in the house please."
