"Quiet 20 sqm private bedroom in beautiful 120 sqm apartment (built 1671). Kitchen, lounge overlooking gorgeous canal, tv, wifi & roof terrace. Perfect for kids! You can also rent the whole flat via https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2967803","Quiet 20 sqm private bedroom in beautiful 120 sqm apartment on top floors of 17th-Century former Mayor's residence. Child-safe, baby bed & playpen, kitchen, lounge, tv & wifi, roof terrace.","Quiet 20 sqm private bedroom in beautiful 120 sqm apartment (built 1671). Kitchen, lounge overlooking gorgeous canal, tv, wifi & roof terrace. Perfect for kids! You can also rent the whole flat via https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2967803 Quiet 20 sqm private bedroom in beautiful 120 sqm apartment on top floors of 17th-Century former Mayor's residence. Child-safe, baby bed & playpen, kitchen, lounge, tv & wifi, roof terrace. The whole apartment excecpt the other bedroom (which is as private as yours): fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, separate shower and washer-drier, roof terrace and lounge with WiFi, tv & stereo We try to be there when you arrive. After that we are mostly at our other flat in The Hague or out socialising in Amsterdam The Canal belt consists mainly of 17th century buildings like ours. It's like a huge museum and was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site, but the great thing is that it is predominantly residential. The Dutch State never built huge, impressive buil","The Canal belt consists mainly of 17th century buildings like ours. It's like a huge museum and was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site, but the great thing is that it is predominantly residential. The Dutch State never built huge, impressive buildings: people built these houses and people still live in them. And in front: you'll see neighbours dragging their sofas out in the street to sit in the sun, although we're in a prime location across the canal from the new Waldorf Astoria...","Yes, tram 4 stops only 100 metres away Trams 9 & 14 on Rembrandtplein 200 metres away Trams 16,24 & 25 on Vijzelstraat 300 metres away Metros 51, 53 & 54 on Waterlooplein 500 metres away","We ask you kindly to treat our neighbours nicely (no noise...), to send me the full names of anyone who travels with you and to ask my permission before letting anyone else into the flat. No smoking or pets indoors, please."
