"Stay in my romantic and comfortable apartment in vivid neighbourhoud 'De Pijp' on a perfect location. It's a 5 minute walk from all the big museums, the Albert Cuyp Market and The Heineken Brewery. The neighbourhood is known for its great restaurants and charming bars. Welcome and enjoy!","The apartment is 55m2 with all the comforts you are looking fur during your trip or romantic weekend: double bed in separate bedroom, large kitchen with dishwasher, sunny balcony, central heating, WIFI and bathroom with toilet & shower. Public transportation is all around and it will take you 10 minutes by tram to get to the Central Station. Also the RAI Congress Centre is 5 minutes by tram. ","Stay in my romantic and comfortable apartment in vivid neighbourhoud 'De Pijp' on a perfect location. It's a 5 minute walk from all the big museums, the Albert Cuyp Market and The Heineken Brewery. The neighbourhood is known for its great restaurants and charming bars. Welcome and enjoy! The apartment is 55m2 with all the comforts you are looking fur during your trip or romantic weekend: double bed in separate bedroom, large kitchen with dishwasher, sunny balcony, central heating, WIFI and bathroom with toilet & shower. Public transportation is all around and it will take you 10 minutes by tram to get to the Central Station. Also the RAI Congress Centre is 5 minutes by tram. You will have my apartment all to yourself. It is in a quiet street with the Alber Cuyp market just around the corner for all the Dutch specialties like cheese and haring. A great place for drinking coffee on a terrace and watch the hustle and bustle of the market on a Saturday afternoon. Alle the big museum are in",,,"- Strictly non smoking!  - We expect you to leave the place behind, the same (tidy) as you have found it. This means for example that if you use the kitchen, wash the dishes. I will clean and wash the bed and towels after you leave. -Please report anything that has broken during your stay. -No guests allowed.  -After 22.00 it should be quite in the apartment, this means; no loud noise, hard music, and taking off your shoes for the neighbours downstars."
