"In a quiet corner of the city centre but at walking distance from the bustling Amsterdam commercial centre and nightlife, our two-bedroom apartment offers a spacious and comfortable shelter. You may enjoy the roof terrace with view over the city.","Double floor spacious penthouse on a canal in the city's centre with roof terrace! Two comfortable bedrooms to accommodate maximum 4 people and a large living with attached open kitchen. Shopping, restaurants and bars are at walking distance and tram/metro station around the corner. On the third floor, the apartment has a large living of 55m2 and open, fully equipped kitchen. Bedrooms, bathroom, and equipped laundry room are on the 4th floor. Both bedrooms have a queen-size double bed and one room also has a double sofa-bed. The municipality of Amsterdam doesn't allow to host more than 4 people at a time but if you don't want to share a bed with someone, the sofa-bed is a good solution. The roof terrace with wide view over the city is on the 5th floor. Access to the apartment is through stairs. The apartment is equipped with wireless internet and cable tv.  Guests will be well taken care of by our local assistant. A quiet corner in the centre of Amsterdam with shopping, bars, restauran","In a quiet corner of the city centre but at walking distance from the bustling Amsterdam commercial centre and nightlife, our two-bedroom apartment offers a spacious and comfortable shelter. You may enjoy the roof terrace with view over the city. Double floor spacious penthouse on a canal in the city's centre with roof terrace! Two comfortable bedrooms to accommodate maximum 4 people and a large living with attached open kitchen. Shopping, restaurants and bars are at walking distance and tram/metro station around the corner. On the third floor, the apartment has a large living of 55m2 and open, fully equipped kitchen. Bedrooms, bathroom, and equipped laundry room are on the 4th floor. Both bedrooms have a queen-size double bed and one room also has a double sofa-bed. The municipality of Amsterdam doesn't allow to host more than 4 people at a time but if you don't want to share a bed with someone, the sofa-bed is a good solution. The roof terrace with wide view over the city is on the 5","Our neighborhood is in a quiet corner of the city center. The botanical garden, zoo, Hermitage museum, Theatre Carre, and plenty of bars, restaurants and shops are to be found here.",A metro- and tram station with easy access to other parts of the center and central station are at 150 metres from the apartment.,"- The apartment covers the two top floors of a 5-storey building. - Please pay attention not to bother  the other residents.  - The apartment is NON-SMOKING; if you wish to smoke, please use the roof terrace. - There are no pets allowed -Check in time between 3-8pm (there is a charge of € 30 after 8pm) - Check out time before 11am - No parties -No drugs (not even cannabis)"
