"A perfect location in a typical Amsterdam neighborhood called Oud-West, just around the corner of the Foodhallen! Many traditional architecture, shops, galleries and nice restaurants and you're right in between the Vondelpark and the Jordan area. You'll find good & trendy places everywhere!","Completely refurbished two years ago, so very new and fresh apartment. Very light with outside area and large bathroom. Downstairs you'll find a very good Italian restaurant called 'Spaghetteria' and the neighborhood is filled with good restaurants, bars and a market place (6 days a week) around the corner. You'll find the Foodhallen around the corner as well! You're also very close to the Jordan area, the canals and the Vondelpark.","A perfect location in a typical Amsterdam neighborhood called Oud-West, just around the corner of the Foodhallen! Many traditional architecture, shops, galleries and nice restaurants and you're right in between the Vondelpark and the Jordan area. You'll find good & trendy places everywhere! Completely refurbished two years ago, so very new and fresh apartment. Very light with outside area and large bathroom. Downstairs you'll find a very good Italian restaurant called 'Spaghetteria' and the neighborhood is filled with good restaurants, bars and a market place (6 days a week) around the corner. You'll find the Foodhallen around the corner as well! You're also very close to the Jordan area, the canals and the Vondelpark. The whole apartment will be yours, so you don't have to share anything and  simply enjoy the full monty! During your stay I won't be around, but you can contact me whenever and I'll be more than welcome to answer any questions! The best thing about the neighborhood is th","The best thing about the neighborhood is the market place at the end of the street, many shops, bars and restaurants within only a few minutes walking (the Italian restaurant 'Spaghetteria' is there on the corner) and 'De Hallen Amsterdam'. De hallen is a former tram depot thats hold a collection of exhibitions, restaurants, a library and movie halls. Above all that you are 5 to 10 minutes away from the Vondelpark, the Jordan area and the Canals","You can park your car in front of the door or use public transportation. The trams are very close and easy to get to. For more information and planning your route, you can check (URL HIDDEN)","Although I'm very easy going, I do have a few house rules :) - Only smoking on the balcony  - I have an agreement with my neighbors that there won't be any loud noises like music or screaming after 10pm"
