"Great apartment with large living room and cozy bedroom just outside city center. Just 15min away from the central station, and walking distance from the Jordaan district.","This apartment is comfortable for two guests. Bed linnen and towels incuded.  Large livingroom has a nice lounge seat in front of the window, coutch and tv, diningtable and balcony on the front and back. Kitchen is equipted with stove, microwave/oven combo and washing machine. Showelcel in the bedroom without sink. ( You can shave and brush your teeth in the kitchen or under the showel) toilet seperate in the hallway. There is acces to wifi internet! Jordaan district is on walking distance and has many restaurants and cafées. Supermaket is about 5 minutes on foot and opened till 22pm. kitchen with stove, microwave/oven, coffee machine Shower, toilet TV, internet wifi balcony Apartment will be all to the guests. * The apartment is situated at the 2de floor     (no elevator).  * smoking is allowed on the balcony * I use on occasions incense in my house  kitchen with stove, microwave/oven, coffee machine Shower, toilet TV, internet wifi balcony Apartment will be all to the guests. * The a","Great apartment with large living room and cozy bedroom just outside city center. Just 15min away from the central station, and walking distance from the Jordaan district. This apartment is comfortable for two guests. Bed linnen and towels incuded.  Large livingroom has a nice lounge seat in front of the window, coutch and tv, diningtable and balcony on the front and back. Kitchen is equipted with stove, microwave/oven combo and washing machine. Showelcel in the bedroom without sink. ( You can shave and brush your teeth in the kitchen or under the showel) toilet seperate in the hallway. There is acces to wifi internet! Jordaan district is on walking distance and has many restaurants and cafées. Supermaket is about 5 minutes on foot and opened till 22pm. kitchen with stove, microwave/oven, coffee machine Shower, toilet TV, internet wifi balcony Apartment will be all to the guests. * The apartment is situated at the 2de floor     (no elevator).  * smoking is allowed on the balcony * I us",,,- On behalve of the neighbours; Appreciate the beauty of silence after 22:00. - Please no partying in the house. You can do that downtown ;-) - You are most welcome to stay but  you can't bring any (other) friends. - No (high) heels - No drugs(including weed/cannabis)
