,"Perfect location, spacious and light 1 Bedroom modern Apartment in the area called Jordaan. Canal view over Brouwersgracht. Reachable by foot from Central Station, a 15 minute walk, double bed, towels present, shower and a fully equipped kitchen. You can expect to experience the real local Amsterdam feeling, being in one of the best locations you can think off having a base to relax and feel (Website hidden by Airbnb) house is your house. The area is famous for its bars, cafe's and restaurants. Anne Frank House, Haarlemmerdijk, the Noordermarkt and 9 streets are all at walking distance...markets on Thursday and Saturdays around the corner. If needed I can give you many tips and places you should go, i.e. bikerentals, great food etc...High speed wifi, Kitchen with dishwasher, oven microwave plus  A 50""plasma TV with 5.1 sounds for when it rains.  Washing machine for your clothes. Towels, hairdryer, toiletries and umbrellas present. As I (Website hidden by Airbnb) rains often here My pla","Perfect location, spacious and light 1 Bedroom modern Apartment in the area called Jordaan. Canal view over Brouwersgracht. Reachable by foot from Central Station, a 15 minute walk, double bed, towels present, shower and a fully equipped kitchen. You can expect to experience the real local Amsterdam feeling, being in one of the best locations you can think off having a base to relax and feel (Website hidden by Airbnb) house is your house. The area is famous for its bars, cafe's and restaurants. Anne Frank House, Haarlemmerdijk, the Noordermarkt and 9 streets are all at walking distance...markets on Thursday and Saturdays around the corner. If needed I can give you many tips and places you should go, i.e. bikerentals, great food etc...High speed wifi, Kitchen with dishwasher, oven microwave plus  A 50""plasma TV with 5.1 sounds for when it rains.  Washing machine for your clothes. Towels, hairdryer, toiletries and umbrellas present. As I (Website hidden by Airbnb) rains often here My pla",,,"Be respectfull to neighbours, city apartment. No loud sounds after 11pm No smoking (weed) inside!! There is a coffeeshop downstairs and a balcony for that.  I enjoy making your stay memorable! Have fun!"
