"This renovated, elegant looking one bedroom apartment has much to offer!","Great living space, full state of the art kitchen, modern bathroom and cosy bedroom with adjacent balcony. The bedroom has a kingsize bed, perfect for couples or two friends.","This renovated, elegant looking one bedroom apartment has much to offer! Great living space, full state of the art kitchen, modern bathroom and cosy bedroom with adjacent balcony. The bedroom has a kingsize bed, perfect for couples or two friends. Guests will have access to a washer, dryer, dish washer, wireless internet connection, and a portable speaker. Please note that the TV, DJ equipment and big speakers from the pictures will not be available during your stay. You can use the portable speaker to play your favourite music. The apartment is located on the second floor. It's a quiet street in a vibrant neighborhood located very close to the famous Vondelpark and you can be in the busy city centre within 10 minutes. Easy to get around Amsterdam from this location. Bike rental and public transport around the corner.  If you'd like a more comfortable way of traveling, use Uber. Uber is a high service taxi company with prices lower than a normal taxi. You need to download the Uber app ",The apartment is located on the second floor. It's a quiet street in a vibrant neighborhood located very close to the famous Vondelpark and you can be in the busy city centre within 10 minutes.,"Easy to get around Amsterdam from this location. Bike rental and public transport around the corner.  If you'd like a more comfortable way of traveling, use Uber. Uber is a high service taxi company with prices lower than a normal taxi. You need to download the Uber app on your phone, create an account and enter your credit card number (you don't need to pay the driver, the costs will be charged on your creditcard). With regular taxi's I prefer TCA, the largest and most reliable taxi company of Amsterdam.","Check-in and check-out on request if possible. Please leave the apartment relatively clean when you check-out. No smoking inside the apartment, you can smoke on the balcony. Let me kindly remind you that the apartment is intended for max 2 persons only. A perfect place to retreat, sleep and chill-out."
