,"Warm, light and cosy apartment in Amsterdam 'Oost' with just around the corner: great restaurants, good grocery shops, a cinema, the coffee company, the most beautifull park of Amsterdam, the famous ' Dappermarkt' and nearby Artis, Oosterpark,Tropenmuseum,  Scheepvaartsmuseum and just 10 min away form the city centre by public transport or bike. The apartment has one bedroom, with a double bed. The bathroom has a bath, shower, toilet and a washingmachine. An open cosy kitchen with all the supplies you need to prepare a nice meal. You can use herbs, oil etc. Feel free to read some books or listen to some music, chill on my couch or enjoy a  glass of wine at my large wooden table. Offcourse there is free WIFI and a great balcony to relax on. Great bars / restaurants / clubs 5-10 from my house: (Website hidden by Airbnb) transport is just 1 -5 min walk- Amsterdam Muiderpoort station (to Amsterdam Central, Schiphol, The Hague,Rotterdam, Leiden etc)- Tram 7 to Leidsesquare- Tram 3 to Vondel","Warm, light and cosy apartment in Amsterdam 'Oost' with just around the corner: great restaurants, good grocery shops, a cinema, the coffee company, the most beautifull park of Amsterdam, the famous ' Dappermarkt' and nearby Artis, Oosterpark,Tropenmuseum,  Scheepvaartsmuseum and just 10 min away form the city centre by public transport or bike. The apartment has one bedroom, with a double bed. The bathroom has a bath, shower, toilet and a washingmachine. An open cosy kitchen with all the supplies you need to prepare a nice meal. You can use herbs, oil etc. Feel free to read some books or listen to some music, chill on my couch or enjoy a  glass of wine at my large wooden table. Offcourse there is free WIFI and a great balcony to relax on. Great bars / restaurants / clubs 5-10 from my house: (Website hidden by Airbnb) transport is just 1 -5 min walk- Amsterdam Muiderpoort station (to Amsterdam Central, Schiphol, The Hague,Rotterdam, Leiden etc)- Tram 7 to Leidsesquare- Tram 3 to Vondel",,,"As we live in an apartment with upstairs and downstairs neighbours you need to take the noise into account: When in house, please take of your shoes and when you are enjoying some music take care of the volume. Smoking is only allowed on my balcony. No animals"
