This apartment (all yours) will feel like home to you instantly. Perfect spot to experience both the city vibe and local flavor.,"This place will feel like home to you instantly. Perfect spot to experience both the city vibe and local flavor. Great modern and romantic apartment in old classic building. High ceilings, wooden floor, plenty of natural light. You'll just love it, I am sure. (I do miss it when I am traveling...)","This apartment (all yours) will feel like home to you instantly. Perfect spot to experience both the city vibe and local flavor. This place will feel like home to you instantly. Perfect spot to experience both the city vibe and local flavor. Great modern and romantic apartment in old classic building. High ceilings, wooden floor, plenty of natural light. You'll just love it, I am sure. (I do miss it when I am traveling...) Fully equipped kitchen (Nespresso, microwave), modern bathroom, airco, wifi, digital HD television, iPod dock, flat iron, hair dryer. Laundry and dry cleaning just around the corner. (For longer stays usually I can make in-house washing machine and dryer available.) Double bedroom, plus luxurious full size double sofa bed in main room. Towels and bed linens provided.  English/American literature at your disposal, plus several dictionaries - including English, German, French and Spanish. Also a broad collection of (multilingual) movies and tv series on dvd. This is my","Situated in popular Helmersbuurt area in Amsterdam, full of nice bars, restaurants and little shops.  Close to the Vondelpark, Leidseplein (with bars, cinemas and theater and Paradiso concert venue), Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum. Also on walking distance you will find the P.C. Hooftstraat, with all the big fashion and design brand stores, and Coster Diamonds center.","Several tram lines (1, 3, 12) stop close by. All major car hire companies within walking distance. Perfect public transport connection with airport, less than 30 minutes door to door. There's a cheap parking option (starting at 1 euro a day) only one short tram ride away. Lots of bike rental options too.","No smoking. No drugs. No pets. No (loud) music after 11 PM. No other visitors allowed (it's still my home). That's about it. The overall rule would be: treat the apartment as if it were yours. That means enjoy but also take care.  And please, think of the neighbours.  I don't use strict check-in or check-out times, we'll discuss that and we'll be fine."
