"Fantastic place close to the centre, perfect for your Amsterdam city trip.","Lovely 55m2 apartment to rent next to a beautiful park, 10 minutes from the center by bike. 3 different trams leave from our street to take you straight to the center in 5 minutes. Muiderpoort station is at the other end of the street, from here you can take a train that takes you to central station in 4 minutes. Fantastic connections to all parts of Amsterdam.  All you need is available in the house. WiFi, television available.  1 bedroom with: - 1 big double of 160cm wide - for a 3rd and 4th person we can set up an extra mattress of 140cm wide. Living room, bed room AND bathroom have currently been renovated! Kitchen is the last project so looks a bit unfinished/older but will provide you with all your needs.  There is a terrace with a pick-nick table so in summer you can sit outside. Lovely neighborhood with lots of nice restaurant and an beautiful park down the road which is very popular to chill out in summer time. The Dappermarket is just around the corner where you can get all y","Fantastic place close to the centre, perfect for your Amsterdam city trip. Lovely 55m2 apartment to rent next to a beautiful park, 10 minutes from the center by bike. 3 different trams leave from our street to take you straight to the center in 5 minutes. Muiderpoort station is at the other end of the street, from here you can take a train that takes you to central station in 4 minutes. Fantastic connections to all parts of Amsterdam.  All you need is available in the house. WiFi, television available.  1 bedroom with: - 1 big double of 160cm wide - for a 3rd and 4th person we can set up an extra mattress of 140cm wide. Living room, bed room AND bathroom have currently been renovated! Kitchen is the last project so looks a bit unfinished/older but will provide you with all your needs.  There is a terrace with a pick-nick table so in summer you can sit outside. Lovely neighborhood with lots of nice restaurant and an beautiful park down the road which is very popular to chill out in summ","East is the more creative neighbourhood of Amsterdam. Great area with a lot of coffee places, great bars and original shops.  ","East Amsterdam is the best connected region of Amsterdam. There is an undergroud, trams and busses that all take you to the centre in 5 minutes. Apart from that renting a bike is always the way to go. On bike you get to the centre in 10 minutes.",All we ask for is to consider the neigbours.
