"Our place is right in the middle between the city center and trendy eastern neighborhood. Enjoy the theater around the corner and many restaurants on walking distance. Explore the rest of the city by public transport (tram & metro station in 100 meters) or rent a bicycle to get the real Amsterdam feeling. You’ll love our place because of the location and the view on the canals. It's a great place for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers.","Our space is a 70m2 apartment with a large and bright living room with open kitchen. A nice bedroom with double bed. And a bathroom with toilet, shower and washer & dryer.","Our place is right in the middle between the city center and trendy eastern neighborhood. Enjoy the theater around the corner and many restaurants on walking distance. Explore the rest of the city by public transport (tram & metro station in 100 meters) or rent a bicycle to get the real Amsterdam feeling. You’ll love our place because of the location and the view on the canals. It's a great place for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers. Our space is a 70m2 apartment with a large and bright living room with open kitchen. A nice bedroom with double bed. And a bathroom with toilet, shower and washer & dryer. We will travel in January, but we'll make sure our family or friends are available during your stay when needed. The place is right in the middle between the city center and the trendy eastern part of Amsterdam. There are many shops and restaurants in the area and the City Centre is in 10 minute walking distance via the beautiful canals. There is a metro station in 100m.",The place is right in the middle between the city center and the trendy eastern part of Amsterdam. There are many shops and restaurants in the area and the City Centre is in 10 minute walking distance via the beautiful canals.,"There is a metro station in 100m. So I advise to travel by public transport. Parking is possible in front of the house, but please note that’s quite expensive in Amsterdam (€5 p hour)",
