This is a great place in the eastern part of Amsterdam. It's a very populair neigbourhood withe great bars and restaurant. Hip and happening! The tram is around the corner and brings you in 10 minutes to the center.  The Square around thet corner is a nice meeting place mith Coffee Bru for subliem coffee and sweets. Maxwell is a restaurant with the best cheese fondue in town and has on Sunday live music. Erik's is al delicatesse shop with great wine and cheese!,"A  great light 95m2 appartment in Amsterdam on the fourth and highest floor with an elevator. It has bi windows and a lot of light coming in! The appartment has a great balcon on the south with a lot of sun and a lounge bank to drop in after a day of shopping or in the  morning for a cup of coffe. The appartment is spacecious because of al the windows and al the rooms on the same floor.  There is a nearly new kitchen with a dishwasher, gas cooking place, magnetron, oven, freezer and refrigerator. The neighbourhood is very nice with a lot of restaurants and a couple of stores and a supermarket around the corner. The best part of our house is the open kitchen and the sunny terras on the south. We also have a piano to play.. What's make our appartment unique is that we live in a quit neighbourhood close to the city center! There are three big rooms; the living room, a sleeping room with big double-bed (2.20 / 1.80) and a room with a bunk bed and there is one extra matras.  Looking forward","This is a great place in the eastern part of Amsterdam. It's a very populair neigbourhood withe great bars and restaurant. Hip and happening! The tram is around the corner and brings you in 10 minutes to the center.  The Square around thet corner is a nice meeting place mith Coffee Bru for subliem coffee and sweets. Maxwell is a restaurant with the best cheese fondue in town and has on Sunday live music. Erik's is al delicatesse shop with great wine and cheese! A  great light 95m2 appartment in Amsterdam on the fourth and highest floor with an elevator. It has bi windows and a lot of light coming in! The appartment has a great balcon on the south with a lot of sun and a lounge bank to drop in after a day of shopping or in the  morning for a cup of coffe. The appartment is spacecious because of al the windows and al the rooms on the same floor.  There is a nearly new kitchen with a dishwasher, gas cooking place, magnetron, oven, freezer and refrigerator. The neighbourhood is very nice w","The neighboorhood is great: around the corner there is a nice square with restaurants, cafe's and a nice store with delecatesses. The city center and the best museums are close by.",There are several tramlines that's goes directy to the city center and central station.,You can borrow everything that we don't need or take with us!
