"It's an amazing place, where we live. In the city and yet so much space around & a park at our doorstep. Use the house while we're on vacation. Put on the fireplace or go out to explore Amsterdam. The house is big, a bit messy, but cosy.","The living room is amazingly big. The kids can do gymnastics in the house but they can also use the trampoline or the swing in the garden. The master bedroom has a big double bed, and the kids each have their own bedroom. On the attic there is one bed plus a mattress on the floor. The bathroom has two sinks, a bath and a separate shower. All the comfort you will need! The kitchen has an oven, microwave, and all kinds of materials. We have a small sit-on canoe you can borrow, there is a gas BBQ in the backyard. The arrangement of the furniture changes once in a while. Most of the furniture is on wheels, so we like to move them around once in a while.","It's an amazing place, where we live. In the city and yet so much space around & a park at our doorstep. Use the house while we're on vacation. Put on the fireplace or go out to explore Amsterdam. The house is big, a bit messy, but cosy. The living room is amazingly big. The kids can do gymnastics in the house but they can also use the trampoline or the swing in the garden. The master bedroom has a big double bed, and the kids each have their own bedroom. On the attic there is one bed plus a mattress on the floor. The bathroom has two sinks, a bath and a separate shower. All the comfort you will need! The kitchen has an oven, microwave, and all kinds of materials. We have a small sit-on canoe you can borrow, there is a gas BBQ in the backyard. The arrangement of the furniture changes once in a while. Most of the furniture is on wheels, so we like to move them around once in a while. Everywhere, as long as you respect our private things. We will rent our house when we are not around. We","We live in a very quite, nice neighborhood. The (small) park is a half a minute away, a small shoppingcenter is five minutes by bike or by car. A very large recreation area is 20 minutes by bike, and 15 minutes by car. It's called Het Twiske. You can be behind central station by bike in 15 minutes and by public transportation in about the same time.",There's public transportation to Central Station in walking distance.,"Hello, We expect people to be respectful to our things and we expect people to do as they promise. For example, if you say you come with five people, we expect you to come with five, not with six. We expect people to respect our neighbor's peace and quite, within normal limits. If you break something, please just say it. If there is something wrong, contact us or our housekeeper. If you want to party: find another house! But most important, of course, we would like you to enjoy our house very much!"
