"Our fully restored house is perfect for 1 family or 2 couples. There are 4 real beds and we also have 1 mattress if necessary. Send a message for reservation or for a special offer. We are very flexible, so let us know...","- Ground floor: Entrancehall, with toilet and staircase. Full modern kitchen, with dinertable for four. Living room, with second big table and spacial sitting area. - First floor:  Bathroom, including bath & washing machine Bedroom 1, with 1 double bed Bedroom 2, with 1 single bed Bedroom 3, with 1 single bed - Gardens: Front garden (all day sun) Back garden (afternoon)","Our fully restored house is perfect for 1 family or 2 couples. There are 4 real beds and we also have 1 mattress if necessary. Send a message for reservation or for a special offer. We are very flexible, so let us know... - Ground floor: Entrancehall, with toilet and staircase. Full modern kitchen, with dinertable for four. Living room, with second big table and spacial sitting area. - First floor:  Bathroom, including bath & washing machine Bedroom 1, with 1 double bed Bedroom 2, with 1 single bed Bedroom 3, with 1 single bed - Gardens: Front garden (all day sun) Back garden (afternoon) Full access to the whole house and garden Call or email anytime you want. Friendly neighbours who are aware of your stay and also very helpful if needed. It is really a lovely neighbourhood. Your stay will be in an old harbor workers home from the 1930. The northern part of Amsterdam is really boming with the greatest new hot spots for locals in town: - Bars/ dining: De Ceuvel, Adam toren, Tolhuistuin,","It is really a lovely neighbourhood. Your stay will be in an old harbor workers home from the 1930. The northern part of Amsterdam is really boming with the greatest new hot spots for locals in town: - Bars/ dining: De Ceuvel, Adam toren, Tolhuistuin, Noorderlicht, Pllek - Restaurants: De Soepboer, Hotel de goudfazant, Loetje aan 't IJ - Shops: Supermarkets, book- and clothing stores - Market: On Wed, Fri, Sat local market (with the best cheese) - All: Museum Eye, Filmclub FC Hyena","- Bikes: Best to travel in and around Amsterdam is by bike. You can use 2 bikes from us. It's fast, fun and very green :). It takes about 10minutes to bike to the ferry (to Central Station). - Buses: Bus 34, 35 are arriving every 10minutes from and to Central Station. - Car: You can park your own car in front of the house.",
