,"This, in 2016 fully renovated, ground floor apartment is ideal for small families with young children.  The ground floor appartment is fully renovated in 2016 and equipped with three bedrooms, a bathroom, separate toilet, washing room, a hallway and a design kitchen with living room. At the back of the appartment is a large and comfortable garden (40 m²).   The apartment totals a 110 sqm. The 2nd bedroom with garden view has floor heating. There is another one comfortable hotel quality foldable one person bed. In this way the set up can be made what is needed for your stay.  The bathroom is equipped with two sinks, a comfortable bath and a rain shower.  Wireless Internet access is available Central Heating system (floor heating in 2nd bedroom) Sonos sound system Washing machine/dryer Nespresso coffee machine Clean sheets and towels are all included Smart TV with Netflix Our Place: Our place is located in the heart of Amsterdam's most popular and most comfortable neighborhood, the Pijp,","This, in 2016 fully renovated, ground floor apartment is ideal for small families with young children.  The ground floor appartment is fully renovated in 2016 and equipped with three bedrooms, a bathroom, separate toilet, washing room, a hallway and a design kitchen with living room. At the back of the appartment is a large and comfortable garden (40 m²).   The apartment totals a 110 sqm. The 2nd bedroom with garden view has floor heating. There is another one comfortable hotel quality foldable one person bed. In this way the set up can be made what is needed for your stay.  The bathroom is equipped with two sinks, a comfortable bath and a rain shower.  Wireless Internet access is available Central Heating system (floor heating in 2nd bedroom) Sonos sound system Washing machine/dryer Nespresso coffee machine Clean sheets and towels are all included Smart TV with Netflix Our Place: Our place is located in the heart of Amsterdam's most popular and most comfortable neighborhood, the Pijp,",,Our house in only 50 meters away from the tram stop Marie Heineken square (tram 16 and 24).,"The house is meant for couples, or for families with children (max 2)."
