"This light and spacious apartment is divided over 2 floors,  decorated with designer furniture and has a sunny garden and balcony. It is situated on a car-free street in the the popular district Oud-West, which is filled with shops, bars and restaurant. It is a short and easy walk to the city centre and the canals.","On the ground floor you will find 2 bedrooms, the bathroom and a separate toilet. The master bedroom is very quiet, has a king size bed and an entrance to the garden, situated at the back of the house. The children's room has a high sleeper, which is also suitable for adults, and also entrance to the garden.  The first floor is one open space, with living room, dining area and an open kitchen. At the back you will find a the  balcony.","This light and spacious apartment is divided over 2 floors,  decorated with designer furniture and has a sunny garden and balcony. It is situated on a car-free street in the the popular district Oud-West, which is filled with shops, bars and restaurant. It is a short and easy walk to the city centre and the canals. On the ground floor you will find 2 bedrooms, the bathroom and a separate toilet. The master bedroom is very quiet, has a king size bed and an entrance to the garden, situated at the back of the house. The children's room has a high sleeper, which is also suitable for adults, and also entrance to the garden.  The first floor is one open space, with living room, dining area and an open kitchen. At the back you will find a the  balcony. The whole apartment will be available for you. Most probably we are away on holidays ourselves.  We will make sure you are looked after. And we will always be reachably via phone or email. The neighborhood is called Oud-West = old west. It has ","The neighborhood is called Oud-West = old west. It has been built in the end of the 19th century. It is a residential area and has a perfect mix of different kind of inhabitants. Around the corner you will find the Bilderdijkstraat, a street filled with shops, stores and supermarkets, where you will be able to find anything you need during your stay. A couple of minutes by foot you will find the daily market ""Ten Kate Markt"", for your fresh veggies, fruits, herbs, cheese etc. It will also take you a couple minutes by foot to arrive at our famous canals Prinsengracht, Keizergracht and Herengracht. If you like shopping, please visit the ""9 straatjes"" 9 little street filled with boutiques and cool shops.","The neighborhood has easy excess to Central Station, airport and other areas by means of public transport: 5 different tram-lines stop close by. But the best way to get around is by bike and by foot.",We get along with all the neighbors on all the sides of our apartment. We like to keep it that way!
