"AMSTERZONIAN, brand new 2pp no smoking accomodation, separate access, private bathroom, toilet, kitchenette (automatic Nespresso De Longhi apparat; magnetron, refrigerator, etc.), balcony, LCD t.v., WIFI. Use 35m2 waterfront terrace in ecol.garden.","(Website hidden by Airbnb)  AMSTERZONIAN, brand new 2 pp no-smoking accommodation on 2nd floor (solar energy, green roofs, Garden reserve with pond-marsh botanical garden with over 250 species; the B&B is official Ambassador to the North Holland landscape). Free use of the 25 m2 waterfront terrace. In a small pittoresque street in the dazzling Amsterdam North, home to more and more creative companies. Double bed or two separate beds, private bath room and kitchenette, private balcony. LCD television, free WIFI and/or cable.  Free use of new bicycles and sea kayaks. 8  or 15 minutes from three free ferries to A'dam centre; free parking; 5 bus lines on the corner to all parts of A'dam (e.g. three railway stations like Central Station) incl. a night bus the whole week. In one minute in the countryside around A'dam. Schiphol (international) Airport to be reached with public transportation within 30-40 minutes or in 15 minutes by car. Certified Bed & Breakfast accommodation with a 4-tulip r","AMSTERZONIAN, brand new 2pp no smoking accomodation, separate access, private bathroom, toilet, kitchenette (automatic Nespresso De Longhi apparat; magnetron, refrigerator, etc.), balcony, LCD t.v., WIFI. Use 35m2 waterfront terrace in ecol.garden.  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  AMSTERZONIAN, brand new 2 pp no-smoking accommodation on 2nd floor (solar energy, green roofs, Garden reserve with pond-marsh botanical garden with over 250 species; the B&B is official Ambassador to the North Holland landscape). Free use of the 25 m2 waterfront terrace. In a small pittoresque street in the dazzling Amsterdam North, home to more and more creative companies. Double bed or two separate beds, private bath room and kitchenette, private balcony. LCD television, free WIFI and/or cable.  Free use of new bicycles and sea kayaks. 8  or 15 minutes from three free ferries to A'dam centre; free parking; 5 bus lines on the corner to all parts of A'dam (e.g. three railway stations like Central Station) incl. a","Very friendly, rustique and spacy neighbourhood; a bus terminal at only 200 m from the B&B with 5 bus line connections to all parts of Amsterdam and a nigh bus that operates every night. Only 10 minutes per bicycle to various ferries to the centre. In 5 minutes walking, bicycling or kayaking you reach the recreation areas and birds resorts of the Waterland, with its pittoresque villages.","Bus terminal with 6 bus lines, incl. night bus, connected with all Amsterdam districts and Airport. Free (car) parking at all time.","There are no special ""rules"". I assume that guests that feel at home will also respect the B&B as if it were their own home..... (pets in principle are allowed, after consultation)"
