"Welcome in my cosy apartment!  Located in a lovely neighborhood close to the Vondelpark at a quiet green square, a 2 minute walk from the tramstop, 25 minute walk to the Leidseplein and 20 minutes away from the airport. The apartment is for private use and situated on the 2nd floor with a small balcony on the front. The quiet bedroom on the back ensures you of a good sleep.  Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any further questions, hope to welcome you soon in my apartment! Cheers, Anne","There's a small bedroom with 2 wardrobes, a small bathroom and an open kitchen with a 2-persons 'bar'. The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove, fridge and pots & pans (no microwave or oven!). It is a small apartment but it's everything you need for a good stay in Amsterdam.","Welcome in my cosy apartment!  Located in a lovely neighborhood close to the Vondelpark at a quiet green square, a 2 minute walk from the tramstop, 25 minute walk to the Leidseplein and 20 minutes away from the airport. The apartment is for private use and situated on the 2nd floor with a small balcony on the front. The quiet bedroom on the back ensures you of a good sleep.  Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any further questions, hope to welcome you soon in my apartment! Cheers, Anne There's a small bedroom with 2 wardrobes, a small bathroom and an open kitchen with a 2-persons 'bar'. The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove, fridge and pots & pans (no microwave or oven!). It is a small apartment but it's everything you need for a good stay in Amsterdam. Location at border Oud - West / Oud - Zuid.  You will be staying in a typical Amsterdam neighborhood with many trees, a playground, and a short walk to trendy restaurants, great bars, a convenient supermarket (open 7 days), a n","Location at border Oud - West / Oud - Zuid.  You will be staying in a typical Amsterdam neighborhood with many trees, a playground, and a short walk to trendy restaurants, great bars, a convenient supermarket (open 7 days), a nice bakery and an even better butcher. The Vondelpark is right across the street Overtoom, which it's a great park to walk, run, chill out, or enjoy quiet in the city. Walking through the Vondelpark, you can get to the Leidseplein, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, PC Hooftstraat (famous for luxury shopping) and the Museumplein.  This walk will take you about 25 minutes. Going by tram to the Leidseplein or the Museum area, will take you about 7 minutes.","Travel time from Schiphol Airport or Centraal Station is only 25 minutes. The stop for Tram #1 is a 3 minute walk away, which will take you either to the Leidseplein/Museum area/Canals within 10 minutes or to the train station Lelylaan, with a direct connection to the airport.","- I have neighbors up- and downstairs (on the 1st and the 3rd floor), I ask guests to take of their shoes and take my neighbors into consideration, it is a building where people live :) - Laundry can be done by using the washing machine on the 4th floor of the house (no dryer, you can hang your clothes in the apartment). - Towels and bed linen are provided."
