"High-end, ground floor apartment in the middle of the vibrant Amsterdam neighborhood: De Pijp. Next to the Albert Cuyp Market, the Heineken Brewery and the Museum Square this fully furnished apartment is one of the best ways to experience Amsterdam the real way.","The apartment is equipped with a king size bed (with clean sheets), two 46 inch flat screens (one in the living room and one in the bed room), free wifi, Sonos sound system trough the apartment (even in the badroom), a fully equipped kitchen and a garden/patio with bbq (photos are coming...). The fridge will be filled with some cold beverages to relax on arrival.  The photos are from a while ago. The fridge and cutting machine on the photo are replaced with a piano. There's a new couch, new king size bed, piano, new Nespresso machine and a lot of new artwork on the walls. So the place actually is nicer in real than in the photos. Wifi internet Cable TV with Netlfix (living room and bedroom) Sonos sound system (living room, kitchen, badroom, bedroom) Washing machine Dishwasher Iron Stove Large oven Fridge and freezer Rainshower Patio/ Garden with BBQ and wooden furniture Clean sheets and towels Less than 1 minute from public transportation Bike rental next door Supermarket next door","High-end, ground floor apartment in the middle of the vibrant Amsterdam neighborhood: De Pijp. Next to the Albert Cuyp Market, the Heineken Brewery and the Museum Square this fully furnished apartment is one of the best ways to experience Amsterdam the real way. The apartment is equipped with a king size bed (with clean sheets), two 46 inch flat screens (one in the living room and one in the bed room), free wifi, Sonos sound system trough the apartment (even in the badroom), a fully equipped kitchen and a garden/patio with bbq (photos are coming...). The fridge will be filled with some cold beverages to relax on arrival.  The photos are from a while ago. The fridge and cutting machine on the photo are replaced with a piano. There's a new couch, new king size bed, piano, new Nespresso machine and a lot of new artwork on the walls. So the place actually is nicer in real than in the photos. Wifi internet Cable TV with Netlfix (living room and bedroom) Sonos sound system (living room, kitc","De Pijp is the most vibrant neighborhood of Amsterdam. From the front window you can see the Albert Cuijp Market. At the end of the street is the Heineken Brewery and my place is a 5 minute walk from the Museum Square (Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum (Amsterdam Museum of Contemporary Art) and the Rijksmuseum (with The Night Watch of Rembrand). Furthermore all the new, cool and hip bars and restaurants are all within a three minute walking distance.",1 minute walk to the tram with will take you everywhere you like. 5 minute walk to the subway.,"I do live here myself, so please respect my goods and property.  Please don't smoke in the apartment (you can smoke in the garden. There is a small, covered balcony) I'm very flexible so we can discuss any specific terms. Because I live and work here myself and a lot of work has been done to make it the way it is, I like to know shot whom your visiting Amsterdam. That been said, Enjoy my apartment and Amsterdam."
