"Our typical Amsterdam house is located in a quit street in the best neighbourhood of Amsterdam. U find the 3 most important musea:Van Gogh,Rijksmuseum & stedelijk within 5 minutes walking distant. Discover the Vondelpark en de Albert Cuyp market","Our typical Amsterdam house is located in a quiet street in the best neighbourhood of Amsterdam. You find the 3 most important musea:Van Gogh,Rijksmuseum & Stedelijk within 5 minutes walking distance. Discover the Vondelpark and the Albert Cuyp market nearby. Check the guide on the left of this page for more tips what you find in walking distance. In our house you will experience how the Amsterdammers live. We are NOT A BED & BREAKFAST & its not included in the room rates. There are however very recommendable cafés in close proximity, which open early in the morning. Using our kitchen for making coffee or tea is always possible. if you insist in having breakfast at home please  let us know before you come and we provide you with coffee-thee- Bio honey-home made jam and bread to toast.There is no extra charge for this items .If you need  other groceries  you can buy them in a shop nearby and store them in our fridge.  You have your beautiful private room with a very comfortable bed, and","Our typical Amsterdam house is located in a quit street in the best neighbourhood of Amsterdam. U find the 3 most important musea:Van Gogh,Rijksmuseum & stedelijk within 5 minutes walking distant. Discover the Vondelpark en de Albert Cuyp market Our typical Amsterdam house is located in a quiet street in the best neighbourhood of Amsterdam. You find the 3 most important musea:Van Gogh,Rijksmuseum & Stedelijk within 5 minutes walking distance. Discover the Vondelpark and the Albert Cuyp market nearby. Check the guide on the left of this page for more tips what you find in walking distance. In our house you will experience how the Amsterdammers live. We are NOT A BED & BREAKFAST & its not included in the room rates. There are however very recommendable cafés in close proximity, which open early in the morning. Using our kitchen for making coffee or tea is always possible. if you insist in having breakfast at home please  let us know before you come and we provide you with coffee-thee- Bi","Want a boat-ride? We offer you a private boat trip with our ""sloep""through the canals of Amsterdam with drinks en snacks. If you want we can drop you wherever you want. We charge a reasonable price for this private experience by locals. let us know so we can arrange this for you.","From  Schiphol Airport Plaza  to the house: bus 179 brings you in just 30 minutes to the Museumplein/Lairessestraat .From there its a walk of 10 minutes  Stepping from the bus walk straight into van Baerlestraat. You pass 3 side streets:1 Wouwerman straat-2 Frans van Mierisstraat 3 Ruysdaelsraat.Street number 4 is on your left Cornelis Anthoniszstraat with the cafe Wildschut and terras on the corner. If my work schedule will alow it ,i will pick you up from the bus/tram stop.Weekdays 10-18.00 we  will be at work so depending your arrival time/day can be arranged somebody to be home. Anyway my work is  around the corner.Call me when you arrived at the house  and i will be there in 2 minutes. From the national airport, (Schiphol) you could take a Taxi: It'll cost you about € 40 to get to the house. (It will take about 20 minutes) From Amsterdam Central Station to the house: tram 16&24 brings you in 20  minutes to stop Ruysdaelstraat . from there 2 minutes walk. Cross the street pass the ",We share our house with you  Keep in mind not to be noisy when you come home late or leave early . No smoking of any kind. Before entering your room please put the slippers  we'll provide you  with so the carpet will remain free of street dirt. Dont bring home visitors. Please clean up after yourself in the kitchen and bathroom.  Have fun!
