"The apartment is located in the Baarsjes district in Amsterdam West. This popular neighborhood is loved by young parents and couples. The atmosphere is quiet and the city centre is very close. The apartment itself is very spacious, well decorated, newly furnished and suited for children. Enjoy your breakfast in my lovely sunny garden. This is the perfect place to stay during your city trip in Amsterdam.","The space is located on the ground floor, the apartment doesn't have any stairs meaning that's easily accessible for the handicapped, old people or for people with small children. Furthermore the apartment is fully equipped, furnished and prepared so that you'll have a nice stay in Amsterdam.","The apartment is located in the Baarsjes district in Amsterdam West. This popular neighborhood is loved by young parents and couples. The atmosphere is quiet and the city centre is very close. The apartment itself is very spacious, well decorated, newly furnished and suited for children. Enjoy your breakfast in my lovely sunny garden. This is the perfect place to stay during your city trip in Amsterdam. The space is located on the ground floor, the apartment doesn't have any stairs meaning that's easily accessible for the handicapped, old people or for people with small children. Furthermore the apartment is fully equipped, furnished and prepared so that you'll have a nice stay in Amsterdam. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. I will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. Today, De Baarsjes is simply an ","Today, De Baarsjes is simply an inviting, community-oriented Amsterdam neighbourhood. De Baarsjes is remarkably close to the city centre. It’s not only minutes away from Vondelpark, but it also has its own green and rambling Rembrandtpark. Off the commercial shopping boulevard Jan Evertsenstraat there’s an open air market on Vespuccistraat. These days the area is home to trendy dining haunts such as Bar Spek, Radijs, an espresso bar Buon Giorno, an organic snack bar Natuurlijk Smullen and even its own club: Club 8.",The fastest to the apartment via public transport from Schiphol is to take the train towards Amsterdam Sloterdijk. Afterwards transfer to bus line 15 and leave at stop Mercatorplein. Then it's just a short walk to the apartment. From Central Station take tram line 13 and leave at stop Mercatorplein. After that it's just a short walk to the apartment.,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy as it is your own apartment."
