"Apartment in the souterrain of a canal house dating from 1614. This stylish and comfortable guesthouse at one of the best locations in town is an ideal place for two couples, a family with two kids or just two friends or colleagues.","Recently renovated apartment in the souterrain of our canal house dating from the 17th century, Amsterdam’s Golden Age. Along one of the three main canals, de Herengracht, this house has a unique location - everyone will agree - because of the wide views on two canals, both Herengracht and Blauwburgwal. This stylish and comfortable guesthouse with private entrance and patio offers a spacious living room with dining table and fully equipped kitchen with some of the original 400 years old floortiles preserved.   The souterrain has one bedroom with double bed and en suite bathroom. The second guest room - also with a double bed and en suite bathroom - is connected to the apartment by internal stairs, which gets you to the rear part of the groundfloor, the so called Achterhuis, as in the Anne Frank house. The listed rate is for both bedrooms. More:  - modern decoration - smart TV - WiFi (free) - external disk with approximately 100 movies - coffee and tea included - fully equipped kitchen ","Apartment in the souterrain of a canal house dating from 1614. This stylish and comfortable guesthouse at one of the best locations in town is an ideal place for two couples, a family with two kids or just two friends or colleagues. Recently renovated apartment in the souterrain of our canal house dating from the 17th century, Amsterdam’s Golden Age. Along one of the three main canals, de Herengracht, this house has a unique location - everyone will agree - because of the wide views on two canals, both Herengracht and Blauwburgwal. This stylish and comfortable guesthouse with private entrance and patio offers a spacious living room with dining table and fully equipped kitchen with some of the original 400 years old floortiles preserved.   The souterrain has one bedroom with double bed and en suite bathroom. The second guest room - also with a double bed and en suite bathroom - is connected to the apartment by internal stairs, which gets you to the rear part of the groundfloor, the so c",,,It's a non smoking apartment. No pets allowed.
