,"Beautiful designed houseboat apartment.  It has a very spacious kitchen/living room with completely equipped kitchen, large dining table, very nice modern design living area with fire place (fire wood available). 1.5 bathrooms, 2 comfortable bedrooms and a beautiful spacious sundeck with amazing view. MAIN FEATURES For a true relaxing holiday feeling just 10 minutes from the old centre of Amsterdam. A fully private large sundeck with barbeque, swimming, boating and fishing directly from your home. No buildings on either side: unique undisturbed view all around. Swans and other water fowl right in front of your windows. The bridge itsef is a small oasis of nature, home to families of swans (who will be tapping the portholes to get bread), grebe's, coots, ducks and a hundred different plants and flowers.  The water is very good for fishing (permit required) and swimming, directly from the boat! And all of this, just 10 minutes from the roaring old centre! INTERIOR Bathrooms beautifully f","Beautiful designed houseboat apartment.  It has a very spacious kitchen/living room with completely equipped kitchen, large dining table, very nice modern design living area with fire place (fire wood available). 1.5 bathrooms, 2 comfortable bedrooms and a beautiful spacious sundeck with amazing view. MAIN FEATURES For a true relaxing holiday feeling just 10 minutes from the old centre of Amsterdam. A fully private large sundeck with barbeque, swimming, boating and fishing directly from your home. No buildings on either side: unique undisturbed view all around. Swans and other water fowl right in front of your windows. The bridge itsef is a small oasis of nature, home to families of swans (who will be tapping the portholes to get bread), grebe's, coots, ducks and a hundred different plants and flowers.  The water is very good for fishing (permit required) and swimming, directly from the boat! And all of this, just 10 minutes from the roaring old centre! INTERIOR Bathrooms beautifully f",,We have bikes available at the boat that you can rent from a local bike rental. Please let us know if you are interested (reservation is preferred).,No party policy. No extra day- or night time guests allowed
