,"Bright and spacious, yet cosy and warm... Whether you are looking for a chill place to hang out after all the parties in Amsterdam or a romantic haven to spend time with your lover, my apartment will suit you just fine!  This apartment, situated in a friendly and lively neighborhood (Spaarndammerbuurt in West) in Amsterdam, has a great atmosphere. It's the penthouse of the building. There are amazing roof windows which make the place incredibly light, you'll feel like you can truly reach for the sky. The apartment has a big open kitchen with everything you need (oven/microwave, toaster, water cooker etc) and a snug living room where you can chill next to the fire heater on the thick carpet and cushions on the floor. The large bedroom, with a big bed and plenty of space for your luggage, is very comfortable, so is the bathroom with a sink, toilet, a great shower and even a bath. There even is a huge rooftop terrace that catches sun all day long.  Also you can use the WIFI internet and t","Bright and spacious, yet cosy and warm... Whether you are looking for a chill place to hang out after all the parties in Amsterdam or a romantic haven to spend time with your lover, my apartment will suit you just fine!  This apartment, situated in a friendly and lively neighborhood (Spaarndammerbuurt in West) in Amsterdam, has a great atmosphere. It's the penthouse of the building. There are amazing roof windows which make the place incredibly light, you'll feel like you can truly reach for the sky. The apartment has a big open kitchen with everything you need (oven/microwave, toaster, water cooker etc) and a snug living room where you can chill next to the fire heater on the thick carpet and cushions on the floor. The large bedroom, with a big bed and plenty of space for your luggage, is very comfortable, so is the bathroom with a sink, toilet, a great shower and even a bath. There even is a huge rooftop terrace that catches sun all day long.  Also you can use the WIFI internet and t","What I love best about my neighborhood are all the nice little shops, bars and restaurants. But most of all I love the very nearby westerpark, a perfect place to chill, take a run, or have a drink in one of its clubs. It's one of the best parks in Amsterdam.",There is a bus going to and from the central station every ten minutes. The bus stop is right around the corner.,"I expect the guests to treat my apartment with love and respect, like they would treat their own home. Guests are welcome to use everything in the apartment but are kindly asked to put everything back where they have found it. If the guest leave it would be great if they leave the apartment tidy."
