Spacious apartment with bar & relaxing couch feels plesent thanks to its industrial vintage decoration. Waking up with a Coffee in the sun at the balcony on the fizzy enjoyable streetside makes a good start. Situated in hip East; 10 min from centre.,"Drink good wine at the bar and chill on the relaxed couch. The frontbalcony has sun till 6o'clock in the evening. The back balcony from 7 to 8.  The bedroom is on the quiet side. Kitchen and bathroom are basic. The appartement is situaties 10 minuten from the centre with bike or tram. East is popular for its restaurants, bars, beautiful park and Market place. ","Spacious apartment with bar & relaxing couch feels plesent thanks to its industrial vintage decoration. Waking up with a Coffee in the sun at the balcony on the fizzy enjoyable streetside makes a good start. Situated in hip East; 10 min from centre. Drink good wine at the bar and chill on the relaxed couch. The frontbalcony has sun till 6o'clock in the evening. The back balcony from 7 to 8.  The bedroom is on the quiet side. Kitchen and bathroom are basic. The appartement is situaties 10 minuten from the centre with bike or tram. East is popular for its restaurants, bars, beautiful park and Market place.  Amsterdam Oost / Amstedam East  Amsterdam East is a residential district in Amsterdam, popular under Amsterdam locals. It lies between the Amstel River in the west and the IJ in the east  The Plantage, which lies east and south-east of Waterlooplein, holds many delights, among them the Hortus Botanicus and the zoo Artis. Directly south of the Plantage is the Oosterpark, the first larg","Amsterdam Oost / Amstedam East  Amsterdam East is a residential district in Amsterdam, popular under Amsterdam locals. It lies between the Amstel River in the west and the IJ in the east  The Plantage, which lies east and south-east of Waterlooplein, holds many delights, among them the Hortus Botanicus and the zoo Artis. Directly south of the Plantage is the Oosterpark, the first large park financed by the municipality of Amsterdam as it dates from 1891. The Vondelpark is older and larger, but that initially was a private project. Activities can be undertaken in the park, and a visit to the Tropenmuseum shouldn't be missed. The Dapperbuurt is known for the second largest market of Amsterdam after the Albert Cuyp Market. It has been a designated market street since 1910. Products for sale aim to a Dutch Antillean, Moroccan, Surinamese and Turkish clientele, reflecting the ethnic make-up of the area.  Food & Drinks:  Wilde Zwijnen: One of the best restaurants in town!  5 min walk. Biertu","Easy Public Transver:  TRAM: about 10 min to city centre.  - Line 3 to Museum Square.  - Line 7 to Leidseplein.  - Line 9 to Dam square, Rembrandtplein, Red Ligth district and Central Station TRAIN:  station Amsterdam Muiderpoort at 2 min walk.  there is a train to central station every 10 min. It takes 6 min to get to Central Station. check (Website hidden by Airbnb) for time schedule.",no smoking in the house be careful with the couch
