"Stylish, light & spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment (sleeping 6-8 people) in Amsterdam's hippest neighbourhood. Central and convenient. Large living room and full equipped kitchen. A national monument built 1790 and completely renovated in 2007. The home in 1820s of Multatuli, Holland's most famous author.","The house has retained its historical details, yet offers every modern comfort and convenience. It features beamed ceilings throughout, steep wooden stairs and the traditional Dutch steeply slanted roof in the attic bedroom. LAYOUT DESCRIPTION: The spacious living room is on the first level with a large open kitchen and dining area. On the second level there are two bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom is located at the back of the house, with an ensuite bathroom. The second bedroom has an original wooden floor with three large windows overlooking the street. The shower room is next door. The third bedroom, in the attic, has the possibility to sleep up to 4 people with two twin beds and two optional sofa-beds. STAIRS: The apartment comprises the top half of the house and is completely independent, accessed through its own front door and up two flights of stairs. It has two internal flights of stairs. In historic buildings in Amsterdam many of the staircases are steeper than m","Stylish, light & spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment (sleeping 6-8 people) in Amsterdam's hippest neighbourhood. Central and convenient. Large living room and full equipped kitchen. A national monument built 1790 and completely renovated in 2007. The home in 1820s of Multatuli, Holland's most famous author. The house has retained its historical details, yet offers every modern comfort and convenience. It features beamed ceilings throughout, steep wooden stairs and the traditional Dutch steeply slanted roof in the attic bedroom. LAYOUT DESCRIPTION: The spacious living room is on the first level with a large open kitchen and dining area. On the second level there are two bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom is located at the back of the house, with an ensuite bathroom. The second bedroom has an original wooden floor with three large windows overlooking the street. The shower room is next door. The third bedroom, in the attic, has the possibility to sleep up to 4 people wit","You will find yourself in a quiet side street of the Canal district by the Jordaan, with everything you need just around the corner. From little cafes and restaurants, a great bakery and an Italian coffee bar, to all kinds of traiteurs, shops and supermarkets. There are two weekly organic markets within 5 minutes walk (Wednesdays and Saturdays). There’s a bike rental 2 minutes walk from the house. It’s just a short train ride from the airport and the station is only 7 minutes walk from the apartment so it’s very quick to get here. Amsterdam is a small city and it’s very easy to get around on foot or by bike or of course by boat! LOCATION DESCRIPTION:  Binnen Brouwersstraat is located in a beautiful area of the northern Jordaan, a small side street at the top of the Keizersgracht canal, between the Brouwersgracht canal (voted the most beautiful street in Amsterdam) and the Haarlemmerstraat (voted the Best Shopping Street in the Netherlands) which features a huge range of restaurants and","Amsterdam is a small city and from our central location most of the main sights can be reached easily on foot. Amsterdam Centraal Station is just 7 minutes walk away. There are numerous trams within a few minutes walk. But the best way to get around the city is to rent a bike! There is a bike rental shop 2 minutes walk away and a bike costs €10 a day, less per day the longer you rent. We can also advise on boat rental and tours. Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the closest airport, only 15 minutes away on the train. The apartment is a 7 minute walk from Amsterdam Centraal Station. There are frequent trains (every 5-15 minutes) from the airport to Central Station and a ticket costs about €4.50 per person. You can also take a taxi from the airport which will cost around €45 euros for up to 4 passengers or €75 for 6-8 passengers.","We live downstairs and are happy to help with any queries about the apartment and/or Amsterdam! HOUSE RULES 1. Please treat the apartment as if it were your own apartment, and keep in mind you have neighbours. You are on holiday but we and our neighbours live here and in this densely populated neighbourhood we all have to be considerate of one another. Please be quiet from 10pm to 8am. 2. We have a strict 'no party' policy. The apartment is a regular home not an after hours club, so no parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc. In case of complaints from neighbours and/or owners, we have the right to remove you from the apartment. Police will fine when complaints are made after 11pm or before 7am. 3. At time of departure:  - make sure the apartment is in the same state as when you arrived (excluding bed linen and towels) - the furniture is in the same location as when you arrived - the dishes are done, dried and put away - all the rubbish (also from bedrooms and bathrooms) is bagged and"
