"75 m2 luxe en aangenaam in rust verpozen hartje Amsterdam. Woonkeuken met kookeiland, ruime design woonkamer, 2 slaapkamers met heerlijke zachte tweepersoons bedden (waarvan 1 met vrijstaand bad in slaapkamer), zojuist opgeknapte badkamer, ruim terras. De boot is in November geheel gerenoveerd, en vanaf afgelopen november na een lange onderhoudstijd aan de kade weer terug op de Singel!","The space; a large living, a modern spacious kitchen and 2 separate bedrooms with both a king size bed, at a unique A-location - 300 metres from central station. One of the guests commented: ""if you're at this perfectly located houseboat, you feel as an inhabitant looking at the tourists floating by"".","75 m2 luxe en aangenaam in rust verpozen hartje Amsterdam. Woonkeuken met kookeiland, ruime design woonkamer, 2 slaapkamers met heerlijke zachte tweepersoons bedden (waarvan 1 met vrijstaand bad in slaapkamer), zojuist opgeknapte badkamer, ruim terras. De boot is in November geheel gerenoveerd, en vanaf afgelopen november na een lange onderhoudstijd aan de kade weer terug op de Singel! The space; a large living, a modern spacious kitchen and 2 separate bedrooms with both a king size bed, at a unique A-location - 300 metres from central station. One of the guests commented: ""if you're at this perfectly located houseboat, you feel as an inhabitant looking at the tourists floating by"". all rooms are available. Please be aware that a boat is not well accessible for lesser- or disables persons. A stairs to come in is unavoidable; the beds are a bit higher than normal You will be welcomed by our host and a small welcome package to enjoy your stay. Use the kitchen ingredients and replace them","Arrive by train and walk to your temporary home. The famous Haarlemmerstraat around the corner and the 9 straatjes at walking distance are the famous shopping areas. Musea, the palace and all the canals to be discovered by boat - all at your convenience.","Central station with access to trains, boats, Metro and trolleys at 300 meter. Bike rental at 100 meter - the best way to discover Amsterdam!","Please treat my precious houseboat as if it were your own. Smoking please on the terrace on top of the boat, not inside."
