"Our guests love the studio because: * direct airport shuttle bus connection Schiphol * in the heart of historic and lively Amsterdam * all high lights, shops, restaurants within walking distance * clean studio, lots of light, sunny balcony on 4th floor with great view","It is all so near...* Jordaan 60 seconds. * Anne Frank House 7 minutes. * 9 Streets 4 min. * Leidseplein 5 min. * Foam or Rijksmuseum 14 min. *Heineken Experience 17 min.  And if you rent a bicycle (very near our studio) the city is all yours. N.B. We are more than willing to help you plan your trip and give you some insider information. If needed we put you in contact with a most reliable taxi service that charges fair prices Features studio:  45 m2 (Note: the airbnb photographer used a wide angel lense. But since we are on the top floor with lots of light, it is still spacious.) fully renovated in 2009 studio on 4th floor, no elevator clean & fresh - non smoking all yours living room & bedroom in one space  separate kitchen  separate bathroom with toilet and shower wireless internet (fast DSL) queen bed (170 x 200 cm) + reading lamps tv (but you won't need it, you are in Amsterdam!) fully equipped kitchen: refrigerator and oven, dish washer, washing machine, rice cooker.  lots and lo","Our guests love the studio because: * direct airport shuttle bus connection Schiphol * in the heart of historic and lively Amsterdam * all high lights, shops, restaurants within walking distance * clean studio, lots of light, sunny balcony on 4th floor with great view It is all so near...* Jordaan 60 seconds. * Anne Frank House 7 minutes. * 9 Streets 4 min. * Leidseplein 5 min. * Foam or Rijksmuseum 14 min. *Heineken Experience 17 min.  And if you rent a bicycle (very near our studio) the city is all yours. N.B. We are more than willing to help you plan your trip and give you some insider information. If needed we put you in contact with a most reliable taxi service that charges fair prices Features studio:  45 m2 (Note: the airbnb photographer used a wide angel lense. But since we are on the top floor with lots of light, it is still spacious.) fully renovated in 2009 studio on 4th floor, no elevator clean & fresh - non smoking all yours living room & bedroom in one space  separate kit","Perfect location in the lively centre. All historic high lights, shopping, eating and drinking out options in walking distance.",The shuttle bus 197 from Schiphol stops around the corner. It  is called: Amsterdam Airport Express.  Busses and trams are in walking distance take you anywhere you want. buy here your e-ticket for Airport Shuttle: (URL HIDDEN),"No smoking (only on balcony), no pets Please take of your shoes since the wooden floor is vulnerable. If glasses break, don’t worry. Can happen. Just let us know if we have to replace something.  The apartment is in a residential building and I have a very good relationship with my neighbours. Please be sensible.  The house keys are coded keys, please don't loose them since they are costly. In the exceptional case that the apartment is left in an unclean state, or somebody has been smoking we will have to deduct the extra cleaning costs from the deposit. (We take care of the laundry of course.) Above all: Enjoy your stay!"
