,"This is my beautiful, brand new apartment located in the old center of Amsterdam. This historical monument, dated from the 16th century, lies in the middle of the famous red light district.  The place is perfect for couples who want to discover and enjoy everything Amsterdam has to offer. The apartment is within easy walking distance from all public transport (5 min to central station), Dam square (2 min), the Jordaan neighborhood (with its Westertoren and Anne Frank House) and various museums like the recently renovated Rijksmuseum and the all new Stedelijk museum.  On the famous Nieuwsmarkt you will find various bars and idyllic restaurants that will make your stay complete.  The brand new apartment:  •	70 m2  •	1 quite bedroom •	A luxurious living room  •	Fully equipped kitchen  •	Bathroom  •	Free Wi-Fi I will do the utmost to help you have the perfect stay in Amsterdam. If there is anything you need during your stay, please don’t hesitate to call or email! Hope to welcome you soon!","This is my beautiful, brand new apartment located in the old center of Amsterdam. This historical monument, dated from the 16th century, lies in the middle of the famous red light district.  The place is perfect for couples who want to discover and enjoy everything Amsterdam has to offer. The apartment is within easy walking distance from all public transport (5 min to central station), Dam square (2 min), the Jordaan neighborhood (with its Westertoren and Anne Frank House) and various museums like the recently renovated Rijksmuseum and the all new Stedelijk museum.  On the famous Nieuwsmarkt you will find various bars and idyllic restaurants that will make your stay complete.  The brand new apartment:  •	70 m2  •	1 quite bedroom •	A luxurious living room  •	Fully equipped kitchen  •	Bathroom  •	Free Wi-Fi I will do the utmost to help you have the perfect stay in Amsterdam. If there is anything you need during your stay, please don’t hesitate to call or email! Hope to welcome you soon!",,,I want you to have your best stay ever. However I would like to ask you to treat my new house if it where yours. Meaning in a respectfull way so that lots of other people can enjoy it!
