"Charming one-bedroom apartment, for up to four guests, located close to the Amstel River in Amsterdam’s popular Pijp district.","Ideal for a family or a group of friends, the dwelling overlooks a typical square in an authentic neighbourhood, which boasts a superb market and numerous cafes, bars and restaurants. The residence is tastefully decorated with wooden floors, fresh white walls and a series of wall prints delightfully reflecting the Netherlands. One bedroom with a double bed and an extra double bed ensure a peaceful night’s sleep. There is also a possibility to use the double sofa bed and an extra single bed in the living room. A dining table is on hand for enjoying tasty meals together and a relaxing window seat provides a cosy spot for curling up with your favourite book. Featuring traditional Dutch tiles, the kitchen supplies all the essentials for home cooking, such as an oven, microwave, hob, grill, fridge, freezer, toaster, kettle and a coffee machine. Extra amenities include an iron and board, and high speed Wi-Fi. The bathroom completes the apartment with a toilet, washbasin, bathtub and shower. ","Charming one-bedroom apartment, for up to four guests, located close to the Amstel River in Amsterdam’s popular Pijp district. Ideal for a family or a group of friends, the dwelling overlooks a typical square in an authentic neighbourhood, which boasts a superb market and numerous cafes, bars and restaurants. The residence is tastefully decorated with wooden floors, fresh white walls and a series of wall prints delightfully reflecting the Netherlands. One bedroom with a double bed and an extra double bed ensure a peaceful night’s sleep. There is also a possibility to use the double sofa bed and an extra single bed in the living room. A dining table is on hand for enjoying tasty meals together and a relaxing window seat provides a cosy spot for curling up with your favourite book. Featuring traditional Dutch tiles, the kitchen supplies all the essentials for home cooking, such as an oven, microwave, hob, grill, fridge, freezer, toaster, kettle and a coffee machine. Extra amenities inclu","neighbourhood: I live in one of the ost popular and vivid areas of Amsterdam called "" de Pijp. It's only 10 min walk to the centre and close to a lot of lovely places of Amsterdam like The Albert Cuyp market. This is the most famous day market in Amsterdam and one of the biggest in Europe! Also de Pijp is very vivid with nice bars, restaurants and old dutch shops. It's also close to the centre. There are great bakerys around the corner. Also this is a very nice area for kids and families because of the big playground and basketball and foorballfield.",A lot of connections from my apartment  by tram and bus to the City Centre in 10 min and the famous Museums of Amsterdam. From my apartment it's also 10 min walk to the famous Rembrandplein in the centre so public transport is not really necessary.,"Houserules NO SMOKING AND DRUGS AT ALL TIMES NO NOISE AFTER 9 P.M (of course you can talk, laugh etc, but PLEASE no loud music)."
