Want to stay in a cozy and tastefully decorated apartment in one of Amsterdam's most happening neighbourhoods? I welcome you to stay in my home and make your time in the Dutch capital one to remember.  My apartment is the perfect place for a couple or two - three friends. Please note: I will ONLY accept requests from people who have been reviewed by other hosts. My house is not suitable for party groups who are planning to get wrecked in town. Sorry guys.,"I travel a lot and know how hard it can be to find the right accommodation. Amsterdam is particularly bad sometimes. Overpriced and trashy hostels, miniature hotel rooms and limited availability can really make your trip a nightmare. Therefore I'd like to offer my stylish and cozy apartment to other travelers while I am away. The apartment is located on the border of Oud West / De Baarsjes neighbourhoods and is excellently connected to the airport (Schiphol Amsterdam), Centraal and Zuid Stations and the city center.  In the neighbourhood you will find: * Various large supermarkets + a daily market * Some of Amsterdam's best specialty coffee bars are close by. If you're really into coffee visit my blog The Coffeevine for all recommendations. * Some of the best nightlife in the city is close by * A large variety of shops and food outlets * Stylish bars and restaurants * The famous Vondelpark is about 7 minutes walking distance * Leidseplein Square is about 15-20 minutes walk or roughly 5","Want to stay in a cozy and tastefully decorated apartment in one of Amsterdam's most happening neighbourhoods? I welcome you to stay in my home and make your time in the Dutch capital one to remember.  My apartment is the perfect place for a couple or two - three friends. Please note: I will ONLY accept requests from people who have been reviewed by other hosts. My house is not suitable for party groups who are planning to get wrecked in town. Sorry guys. I travel a lot and know how hard it can be to find the right accommodation. Amsterdam is particularly bad sometimes. Overpriced and trashy hostels, miniature hotel rooms and limited availability can really make your trip a nightmare. Therefore I'd like to offer my stylish and cozy apartment to other travelers while I am away. The apartment is located on the border of Oud West / De Baarsjes neighbourhoods and is excellently connected to the airport (Schiphol Amsterdam), Centraal and Zuid Stations and the city center.  In the neighbourh","It's vibrant, really up and coming and very well connected. The airport is close as is the center. Only 5 minutes walk will take you to the heart of the Jan Pieter Heijestraat, Kinkerstraat, Jan Evertsenstraat and Overtoom areas that are full of bars, restaurants, coffee bars and some good shops. The center of town is about 15 / 20 minutes walk and can easily be reached on foot or by bike, tram and taxi. Be aware that this is NOT a city center flat. The apartment is in a residential area in Amsterdam West.","Excellent tram and bus connections can take you anywhere in the city in minutes. The airport is only 25 minutes by train + tram and Central station is at the end of tram 17 which passes the neighbourhood. Leidseplein is about 15 minutes walking distance, Dam square would take about 25 minutes.","* Please leave the house as you found it.  * Please take your shoes off before entering the apartment * All broken crockery/appliances or other missing items will be charged to the guest * Please respect the neighbours by not playing loud music or making a lot of noise past 11pm * You can use all equipment available in the apartment  * You can use basic condiments and foodstuff such as salt, pepper, Ketchup, coffee etc however items in the fridge/freezer or in the closed cupboards may not be used * You may read available books/magazines, use board games etc. * You must close the windows, turn off all lights/appliances and lock the door whenever your leave the house"
