"Enjoy our ca 95m2 apartment, situated in a car free area near the center of Amsterdam!  The lively town is just around the corner, you can take a walk, take a bike or trams 12 , 13 , 14 or 7 ....and later enjoy our place, or even our jacuzzi.","We believe that this is a great place to stay for a couple (2 guests) or a family with 1 kid (no extra charge for kids) . It is not really suitable for more then 2 adults, as such we avoid this, also to not have trouble with neighbours. We will appreciate to first receive an email, so we can communicate, as we would like to have a better idea on who will stay at our place.  One of the main reasons we are looking for people to stay at our place is that our cat Buck needs some company when we are away. If you don't love cats, best to not contact us. Also if you would stay for more then 3 days, we will appreciate your kindness to water our plants. Thanks for your understanding! All towels, bed linens and sheets will be provided for guests.  We expect you to purchase your own supplies, but we live here, as such our cupboards will not be empty. You will find quite some provisions and basics for cooking. Still we obviously will then want you to replace any major items with same from equal qu","Enjoy our ca 95m2 apartment, situated in a car free area near the center of Amsterdam!  The lively town is just around the corner, you can take a walk, take a bike or trams 12 , 13 , 14 or 7 ....and later enjoy our place, or even our jacuzzi. We believe that this is a great place to stay for a couple (2 guests) or a family with 1 kid (no extra charge for kids) . It is not really suitable for more then 2 adults, as such we avoid this, also to not have trouble with neighbours. We will appreciate to first receive an email, so we can communicate, as we would like to have a better idea on who will stay at our place.  One of the main reasons we are looking for people to stay at our place is that our cat Buck needs some company when we are away. If you don't love cats, best to not contact us. Also if you would stay for more then 3 days, we will appreciate your kindness to water our plants. Thanks for your understanding! All towels, bed linens and sheets will be provided for guests.  We expect","We will leave additional information about our place, logistics, also about nice places in Amsterdam for you to consult, just in case. Around the corner you will already find many cafes and restaurants. Check ie: (website hidden)","Best DOWNLOAD some app about Amsterdam on to your phone, there a quite some around. For public transport the best one is gvb amsterdam OR 9292.nl which has an English link.","We will live our personal gear in the house, as the name says, private gear. we will appreciate you not touching what is clearly personal. Thanks for your understanding. It is NOT allowed to smoke inside, you can on the balcony or enjoy sitting on the wall or our table outside. We obviously have neighbours.  Please keep this in mind in regards to high music volume or whatever... we have a good relation/ never any problems with them. What more comes to mind... accidents do happen, we will appreciate been made aware. We might have to recharge you depending on what it is. We will leave our mobile numbers, just in case of anything, questions or whatever..."
