"A home away from home; relax in the huge hammock in the garden, walk around in the beautiful 'Oud-Zuid' neighbourhood, enjoy the cafés and restaurants closeby, go for a walk to Museumplein and the famous Vondelpark or simply relax on the big couch."," * Comfortable and cosy apartment with all facilities * Private apartment with garden  * Close to city center (15 minutes). Great escape from bustling city life.  * Close to restaurants, cafes and supermarkets * Wifi A cosy apartment with a bright living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen and a private garden. In the kitchen there is washing machine, a 4 pit gas stove and oven. In the room next door is a fridge/freezer and a microwave. Only a five minute walk from the Central Park of Amsterdam (Vondelpark) this apartment is surrounded by many restaurants, grocery stores, bakeries and cafes.  Within five minutes by bike (or by public transport) you are at the famous Museumplein, where you will find 'het Rijksmuseum' and 'het Van Gogh Museum.' Fifteen minutes by bike takes you to the Albert Cuyp Market where you can eat typical Dutch food ('haring' and 'stroopwafels'). Guests can expect a hospitable stay with enough information to enjoy a good time in Amsterdam, the Netherlands","A home away from home; relax in the huge hammock in the garden, walk around in the beautiful 'Oud-Zuid' neighbourhood, enjoy the cafés and restaurants closeby, go for a walk to Museumplein and the famous Vondelpark or simply relax on the big couch. * Comfortable and cosy apartment with all facilities * Private apartment with garden  * Close to city center (15 minutes). Great escape from bustling city life.  * Close to restaurants, cafes and supermarkets * Wifi A cosy apartment with a bright living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen and a private garden. In the kitchen there is washing machine, a 4 pit gas stove and oven. In the room next door is a fridge/freezer and a microwave. Only a five minute walk from the Central Park of Amsterdam (Vondelpark) this apartment is surrounded by many restaurants, grocery stores, bakeries and cafes.  Within five minutes by bike (or by public transport) you are at the famous Museumplein, where you will find 'het Rijksmuseum' and 'het Van Gogh","The house is located in a beautiful residential neighborhood called Oud-Zuid (Museumkwartier), on a quiet street.  It's a very nice  neighborhood with nice restaurants, cafés and supermarkets nearby. 5 minutes walking from the apartment you will be in the nicest public park of Amsterdam: the Vondelpark. Especially in summer it's the best to have close by to enjoy a pciknick, watch people, relax and enjoy Amsterdam. If you cross the Vondelpark all the way (10 minutes by bike) you will be in the center of Amsterdam.  Around the corner of the apartement you will find tram 2 which will bring you all the way to the city centre. There are also (night)busses leaving close to the apartment (a 2 minute walk) ","We are happy to tell you about our own favorite places. Using public transport in Amsterdam is easy. Around the corner of our house (3 minutes walk) there are busses and trams going to the centre of Amsterdam. There is also a bus going to the trainstation 'Amsterdam Zuid (it takes 5 minutes by bus to get there), where you can catch a train to the airport (20 minutes). Feel free to ask for details. ","If you want to smoke, please smoke outside, thanks :)"
