During my holidays I got a great opportunity to offer you the possibility to experience living in the heart of Amsterdam: in my cozy apartment situated in a quiet area and in front of a canal!,"This is a cozy apartment with a living/dinning area and a bedroom. Both rooms are very light south orientated and have two windows facing the canal. The two main spaces are separated by the kitchen and the bathroom. I specially designed the apartment so it could get the most of it, in terms of space and light :)","During my holidays I got a great opportunity to offer you the possibility to experience living in the heart of Amsterdam: in my cozy apartment situated in a quiet area and in front of a canal! This is a cozy apartment with a living/dinning area and a bedroom. Both rooms are very light south orientated and have two windows facing the canal. The two main spaces are separated by the kitchen and the bathroom. I specially designed the apartment so it could get the most of it, in terms of space and light :) During summer, I highly recommend to sit outside in front of the house enjoying the sun and a good book. My neighbours will be available if you have any questions. I will be available on the phone, texts or phone calls The apartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam in the central point of the city. Although you could think it is a busy area, the urban conditions of the surroundings turn it into a peaceful street used only by neighbours. Leidseplein, Rembrandplein and Museumplein, main","The apartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam in the central point of the city. Although you could think it is a busy area, the urban conditions of the surroundings turn it into a peaceful street used only by neighbours. Leidseplein, Rembrandplein and Museumplein, main spots in the city, are 5 min away by bike. Concept stores and good restaurants are around the corner in Utrechtsestraat or 10 min walking distance in the Pijp.",From Central Station take tram 4 and stop at Frederiksplein. It takes around 10 min. The tram stop is only 2 min walking to the front door of the house.,
