"This newly built and modern apartment is on the 1st floor in the heart of 'de Pijp', which is situated near the centre of Amsterdam. De Pijp is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars/restaurants.","This newly built and modern apartment is on the 1st floor in the heart of 'de Pijp', which is situated near the centre of Amsterdam. De Pijp is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars/restaurants. This newly built and modern apartment is on the 1st floor in the heart of 'de Pijp', which is situated near the centre of Amsterdam. De Pijp is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars/restaurants and nice shops/boutiques. 'De Pijp' is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars and restaurants. Also the most famous market of the Netherlands 'de Albert Cuypmarkt' is around the corner. The apartment (70m2) offers all you need for a comfortable stay. The livingroom has large sliding doors which lead to the fancy and comfortable indoor terras. There is free WIFI (100 Mbps) a 40 inch TV a Home Cinema Set with Playstation 3 with Netflix. The k","This newly built and modern apartment is on the 1st floor in the heart of 'de Pijp', which is situated near the centre of Amsterdam. De Pijp is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars/restaurants. This newly built and modern apartment is on the 1st floor in the heart of 'de Pijp', which is situated near the centre of Amsterdam. De Pijp is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars/restaurants. This newly built and modern apartment is on the 1st floor in the heart of 'de Pijp', which is situated near the centre of Amsterdam. De Pijp is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars/restaurants and nice shops/boutiques. 'De Pijp' is one of the most popular and trendy areas in Amsterdam to live in. It has a lot of lively bars and restaurants. Also the most famous market of the Netherlands 'de Albert Cuypmarkt' is around the corner. The apa","The apartment is sitated right in the middle of the old Pijp, which has a lot of lively (coffee)bars, restaurant and nice little shops and of course the famous 'Albert Cuypmarkt'.  This area is really polular to live in. If you have to the  compare the atmosphere with other places, you could compare it with Notting Hill in London and Quartier Latin in Paris.  The city centre and the square with all the meseums are only ten minutes by foot. It's really easy to discover different areas from this apartment, due to the short walking distances and the public transport which is around the corner. ","It's really easy to reach the apartment from the airport. Take a train to Amsterdam Central Station and then you should take a tram to 'de Albert Cuypstraat (line 16 or 24). After that, it's only a five minutes walk. The total travelling time from the airport to the apartment is about 35 minutes. ",There are not many rules apart from the fact that you should treat the apartment with good care! Smoking is only allowed on the indoor terrace.
