"Wake up in Amsterdam in this modern houseboat with a sunny view on the canal. Walk or bike to the Jordaan, Museum District or City Center.  Just around the corner you find so much to do, like the daily Ten Kate market, the hip Food Hallen, small coffee bars, unique shops, the biggest and lively city park, all kinds of restaurants, bars with local beers and the famous canals for the best sunny stroll in Amsterdam. Conference Centers like RAI and Westergas easy accessible by tram, Über or bike.","The houseboat is a 50m2 modern, open, spacious, fully equipped and very quiet home.  It has central heating to keep you warm during even the coldest winter nights. Floating in a lovely and quiet canal where sometimes small boats, swans and ducks pass by.  On a sunny day you can easily move the floating water terrace in front of the boat to sit outside on the water.  The style is modern and convenient and a perfect match for singles or couples. You will find everything to your convenience: a big and very comfortable double bed, an extra large table, high-speed wifi, a luxurious rain shower, a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and nespresso machine, a washer and dryer and a big lounge area. There are flat screens, but no cable tv. You can use it with your own laptop.  If you stay here you will be in the middle of all good and exciting Amsterdam has to offer and stay in a quiet and cozy place.","Wake up in Amsterdam in this modern houseboat with a sunny view on the canal. Walk or bike to the Jordaan, Museum District or City Center.  Just around the corner you find so much to do, like the daily Ten Kate market, the hip Food Hallen, small coffee bars, unique shops, the biggest and lively city park, all kinds of restaurants, bars with local beers and the famous canals for the best sunny stroll in Amsterdam. Conference Centers like RAI and Westergas easy accessible by tram, Über or bike. The houseboat is a 50m2 modern, open, spacious, fully equipped and very quiet home.  It has central heating to keep you warm during even the coldest winter nights. Floating in a lovely and quiet canal where sometimes small boats, swans and ducks pass by.  On a sunny day you can easily move the floating water terrace in front of the boat to sit outside on the water.  The style is modern and convenient and a perfect match for singles or couples. You will find everything to your convenience: a big an","Wake up in Amsterdam in this modern houseboat with a sunny view on the canal. Walk or bike to the Jordaan, Museum District or City Center. Trendy bars, restaurants and coffee bars are really close.  Just around the corner you find so much to do, like the daily Ten Kate market, the hip Food Hallen, small coffee bars, unique shops, the biggest and lively city park, all kinds of restaurants, bars with local beers and the famous canals for the best sunny stroll in Amsterdam. Conference Centers like Rai and Westergas easy accessible by tram or bike.","The city center is on walking distance: Jordaan District (5 min), Vondelpark (7 min), Dam Square (10 min) and Museum Square (10 min). A lot of trams stop just around the corner and can bring you everywhere you need to go.  Unfortunately parking is quite expensive in our neighborhood, but if you don't need your car during your stay I can recommend cheaper places on the border of town. If you are interested in renting a bicycle during your stay let me know. I can have them delivered to the houseboat for you.","Treat my home and neighbours like your own, respect my personal belongings and be nice to the beautiful swans. By the way, don't feed those lovely birds on the water, not even the ducks, they will enter the houseboat and make your nights uncomfortable.  It's my home, which means I really live there :) - Absolutely no smoking in the houseboat. You can easily step outside and have a smoke next to the canal. - Leave my personal belongings and stuff to me, there's already a lot of things for you to use and play with. Thank you so much for living in my place like a local and comply to the few houserules."
