"Feel like being in nature while floating in the heart of beautiful Amsterdam! In the large private garden, enjoy your breakfast or evening BBQ in sun or shade at the waterside. Two master bedrooms with each a private bathroom, one with bathtub. One fully equipped babyroom!  The sunny living with sliding doors to the waterside has a spacious lounge-couch that sits five or six people, to enjoy some TV or the Sonos sound system to play ur own favorite music!","Comfortable fully equipped watervilla with two floors, a large garden, lots of privacy, and complementary use of the canoe, Weber BBQ and bicycles.  Three bedrooms: two master bedrooms (kingsize beds) with their own bathroom and toilet; one bedroom is next to the third bedroom: a babyroom. One bathroom with bath tub. One separate toilet. Kitchen with Quooker, dishwasher, microwave/combi oven. Flatscreen tv, SONOS music system, WiFi internet. Houseboat ""Anahata"" is uniquely situated right in the heart of Amsterdam and nonetheless has a large garden and is tucked away very privately. You have one neighbour (also a houseboat) to the West, and a Canoe-club to the East, but no houses overlooking the garden ensuring maximum privacy. If you fancy a very authentic houseboat stay in Amsterdam, and like to keep things affordable, consider spending it in Amsterdams ""heart centre"": our houseboat Anahata!","Feel like being in nature while floating in the heart of beautiful Amsterdam! In the large private garden, enjoy your breakfast or evening BBQ in sun or shade at the waterside. Two master bedrooms with each a private bathroom, one with bathtub. One fully equipped babyroom!  The sunny living with sliding doors to the waterside has a spacious lounge-couch that sits five or six people, to enjoy some TV or the Sonos sound system to play ur own favorite music! Comfortable fully equipped watervilla with two floors, a large garden, lots of privacy, and complementary use of the canoe, Weber BBQ and bicycles.  Three bedrooms: two master bedrooms (kingsize beds) with their own bathroom and toilet; one bedroom is next to the third bedroom: a babyroom. One bathroom with bath tub. One separate toilet. Kitchen with Quooker, dishwasher, microwave/combi oven. Flatscreen tv, SONOS music system, WiFi internet. Houseboat ""Anahata"" is uniquely situated right in the heart of Amsterdam and nonetheless has a","Amsterdam has very clean canals! So just jump from the garden into the canal for your daily swimming exercise, or stay dry using the Canoe. Marvel at the beauty of the Amsterdam canals in the city centre. Or go the other way and enjoy the remarkable architecture of the renovated Eastern Docks! Visit the famous Dappermarkt: go where the locals go :-) Surrender to the exquisite cooking of Restaurant Gare du L'Est, right outside the Veemarkt, 100m walk from Anahata, or very hipster go to the Javastreet ""Foodstreet"" for Walters Woodbury Bar, Bar James, boutique cafe Hartje Oost or one of the many other breakfast, lunch or dinner restaurants, icecream or pie shops. Kids love the Tropenmuseum! Always some special exhibition and kids adventure! After that, have the best hamburger in town on the sunny terrace opposite from the Tropenmuseum,at Restaurant De Biertuin (beergarden).","Bus 22 connects you to Central Station, tram 14 to Dam Square, tram 10 to Leidseplein.","No smoking, please respect our house, thank you"
