Nice houseboat in Amsterdam North with  balcony. 10 minutes from Central station by day/night bus. Free parking!! Roof terras on top with a great view! Near the NDSM a fantastic area!!! Bus stop DAY/NIGHT just acros the street Bus Stop Name ''Draaierweg'' Buy a weekend pass on central station!!!!,"Houseboat double layer in Amsterdam North, only 15 minutes by free ferry/day and night bus and free parking. Near NDSM (old ship dock), creative area full of nice things to do.","Nice houseboat in Amsterdam North with  balcony. 10 minutes from Central station by day/night bus. Free parking!! Roof terras on top with a great view! Near the NDSM a fantastic area!!! Bus stop DAY/NIGHT just acros the street Bus Stop Name ''Draaierweg'' Buy a weekend pass on central station!!!! Houseboat double layer in Amsterdam North, only 15 minutes by free ferry/day and night bus and free parking. Near NDSM (old ship dock), creative area full of nice things to do. There is a kitchen / living room downstairs, also the bathroom is on this floor. Upstairs is the big guest room. There are two double beds and one single bed. The room gives acces to the roof terras with great view over the houseboat village and NDSM-area. The neighborhood is very nice,lots of boats offcourse. Amsterdam North is a upcomming area,lots of new things pop up. Check out the NDSM  website, this is nearby where I live. Taxi from airport around 50,- euro and best way to get here the first time! Taxi from back s","The neighborhood is very nice,lots of boats offcourse. Amsterdam North is a upcomming area,lots of new things pop up. Check out the NDSM  website, this is nearby where I live.","Taxi from airport around 50,- euro and best way to get here the first time! Taxi from back side CS around 20,-euro. Free ferry / boat from and to Central Station, walk to the house about 15 minutes. (one bridge is closed for pedestrians officialy......) Best thing is to rent a bike to get around as a local! This is the most easy way to get around! Also day and night bus in front of little house boat village departs to Central Station every 15 minutes and takes only 10 minutes. You can buy cheap weekend card for public transport at the train station!! Free parking in front of the pier. Uber app is also very good and cheap to use in Amsterdam!",-Smoking outside -No pets
