"Our houseboat is situated in the south part of Amsterdam. A quiet neighborhood, but very close to the city center. The room has a small kitchenette, its own bathroom and entrance. In-dependency guaranteed.","This room is part of a big houseboat, situated behind the Olympic Stadium. ( South part of Amsterdam). Our houseboat is located in the direct vicinity of the Olympic Stadium, the Frans Otten sportcentre, the rowing track at the Amsterdam Forrest, a luxury spa, the VU Hospital and University.  It is a 7 minutes walk to the Stadionplein with some nice restaurants, shops and  several public transportation connections: tram, bus and metro. Which will bring you within short time to all important places in Amsterdam. Close to the business area Zuid-As, the WTC, Rai and trainstation. Nearby the A10, Schiphol is a twelve minutes drive. The apartment has its own entrance and is divided over two stories. Downstairs you will find the living area with an open kitchen, the bathroom and a sofa bed( 140/200 mtr). In the kitchen you find a refrigerator, cooker, microwave oven and a nespresso coffee machine. We will provide a basic package, coffee, tea a.s.o. Upstairs there is a big bedroom with a king","Our houseboat is situated in the south part of Amsterdam. A quiet neighborhood, but very close to the city center. The room has a small kitchenette, its own bathroom and entrance. In-dependency guaranteed. This room is part of a big houseboat, situated behind the Olympic Stadium. ( South part of Amsterdam). Our houseboat is located in the direct vicinity of the Olympic Stadium, the Frans Otten sportcentre, the rowing track at the Amsterdam Forrest, a luxury spa, the VU Hospital and University.  It is a 7 minutes walk to the Stadionplein with some nice restaurants, shops and  several public transportation connections: tram, bus and metro. Which will bring you within short time to all important places in Amsterdam. Close to the business area Zuid-As, the WTC, Rai and trainstation. Nearby the A10, Schiphol is a twelve minutes drive. The apartment has its own entrance and is divided over two stories. Downstairs you will find the living area with an open kitchen, the bathroom and a sofa bed",,,"Belangrijk is, dat er geen afval in het toilet wordt gegooid."
