"Be the King or Queen of the Keizersgracht, stay in the city center. Walking distance from Central Station, Anne Frank House & all the lovely canals. The houseboat is located in the beginning of the Keizersgracht and is easily reachable for everyone.","You in an unique Dutch historic boat (Groninger Boltjalk 1903), converted into a house boat with spacious and free atmosphere in one of Amsterdams most beautiful canals. Accessing the boat through the cabin ('Kajuit', which serves as 'living'-kitchen) and passing the bathroom, one enters the bright and cosy living room with windows facing the canal, furnished with a design lounge / sleeping sofa, and wooden table with chairs. The main sleeping quarter at the end of the living room contains a queen size bed and spacious lockers in a typical 'voor-onder' (front-under) of the boat. The outside offers walking- and sitting space with a terrace on top of the front deck. General information: - WIFI free - Heating in all rooms (centrally controlled). - Voltage 220-240V The 'kajuit' (kitchen) contains: Oven, microwave, gas cooker, fridge, laundry-dryer combination, dish washer, fire extinguisher. The sleeping quarter contains: - Bed measures American queen size standard - Spacious lockers - Tel","Be the King or Queen of the Keizersgracht, stay in the city center. Walking distance from Central Station, Anne Frank House & all the lovely canals. The houseboat is located in the beginning of the Keizersgracht and is easily reachable for everyone. You in an unique Dutch historic boat (Groninger Boltjalk 1903), converted into a house boat with spacious and free atmosphere in one of Amsterdams most beautiful canals. Accessing the boat through the cabin ('Kajuit', which serves as 'living'-kitchen) and passing the bathroom, one enters the bright and cosy living room with windows facing the canal, furnished with a design lounge / sleeping sofa, and wooden table with chairs. The main sleeping quarter at the end of the living room contains a queen size bed and spacious lockers in a typical 'voor-onder' (front-under) of the boat. The outside offers walking- and sitting space with a terrace on top of the front deck. General information: - WIFI free - Heating in all rooms (centrally controlled","Lovely surrounding in the old city and the Jordaan area, close to the Noordermarkt (flea & farmers market), the nicest Amsterdam canals with historical houses and a broad variety of restaurants. Stroll the cosy streets in the city center. Enjoy breakfast on deck or dinner with a wine while watching a variety of boats passing by.","Take a 15-minute train ride to Amsterdam Central Station (buy ticket at airport inside the baggage hall before exit), from there easy reachable by 10-15 min walk or alternative transport. Walking distance from Rozengracht and Haarlemmerdijk and other well connected streets. Public parking on the streets.","You'll find a sheet with further information on living on a houseboat when you arrive. Main rule is to enjoy your stay :) No open fire or use of candles on board. Smoking only allowed on deck. The boat is located in a living area, please avoid any noise disturbance. The boat is our private place and we have a good relation with our neighbours. You will be held responsible for any damage to our property created by you or by your guest. Damage shall be paid to the owner."
