"Houseboat ""Floating Beds"" centre, Top location, labeld as HOT SPOT 2016 .Fabulous view, floating terrace,bamboo's,French Bohémien style, comfortable, sunny, 100 m2 for you,  2 dbl rooms. 2 pers. in 1 room 295, second room : + 60 euro per pers. but always the entire boat.Metro:3 min walk, Amstel Station walk 10 min,Central station metro 6 min. Trendy riverside cafés, resto's, super marked next door. Green surrounding, SUB, SWIM directly from the boat!Details in my manual,send after you confirmed.","Sunny and  comfortable , family friendly houseboat. A personal French Bohémien style, on a top location. You do not just get a room but the entire boat 100 m2 all for yourself, plus the floating terrace with bamboos,  bathroom, kitchen, living and 2 double bedrooms.  This houseboat in the Amstel river is ""floating"" on such a nice location, HOT SPOT of 2016 green surrounding in the heart of the town. 5 min biking along the Amstel river and your are at the Dam Square,  Waterlooplein  - fleemarket and Stopera - and the Dam. Metro and trams are 2 minutes walking, Amstel Station 7 min.To the airport Schiphol: 15 min. drive. Shops  just opposite and supermarket just round the corner. Lively surroundings with trendy cafees like ""Hesp"",(  the place to be ), along this exciting water scene, also lots of nice restaurants and waterfront terraces , down by the riverside....where you directly from the floating terrace can step on your SUB board and swim in the clean Amstel river. This floating drea","Houseboat ""Floating Beds"" centre, Top location, labeld as HOT SPOT 2016 .Fabulous view, floating terrace,bamboo's,French Bohémien style, comfortable, sunny, 100 m2 for you,  2 dbl rooms. 2 pers. in 1 room 295, second room : + 60 euro per pers. but always the entire boat.Metro:3 min walk, Amstel Station walk 10 min,Central station metro 6 min. Trendy riverside cafés, resto's, super marked next door. Green surrounding, SUB, SWIM directly from the boat!Details in my manual,send after you confirmed. Sunny and  comfortable , family friendly houseboat. A personal French Bohémien style, on a top location. You do not just get a room but the entire boat 100 m2 all for yourself, plus the floating terrace with bamboos,  bathroom, kitchen, living and 2 double bedrooms.  This houseboat in the Amstel river is ""floating"" on such a nice location, HOT SPOT of 2016 green surrounding in the heart of the town. 5 min biking along the Amstel river and your are at the Dam Square,  Waterlooplein  - fleemarket","The water scene is smashing, it gives you a feeling of being on vacation. Quiet and green surroundings though central location. Fresh bread and delicious espresso and cappuccino every morning just opposit and the super marked at a 3 min. walk just as the metro. You canSWIM, SUB, KAYAK, SURFBOARD etc. in the river, clean water, bring your SUB board along, is very trendy here in the Amstel.","Very easy acces by metro,3 min.walking, train 7 min. walking and the airport is 15 min by car from here. After you have booked I will send you "" the captains manual"" and "" the way to my gangway"" . also I will tell you a gratis parking place at 10 min from here.","""My home is your castle"", you certainly will respect that and leave it as clean as you found it. Thank you."
