"A completely furnished family house across the river behind Central Station. The house is located in a quiet neighbourhood: the  perfect place to recharge after a day in the center! It's a 5 minute walk to the ferry to central station. House with 3 bedrooms (1 of which is a kids room), living room, live-in kitchen and garden on the sunny side. The garden gives to a public grass field, from which you can watch the boats pass by. Enjoy!",The house is really close to Central Station. Having this much space and a garden this central in Amsterdam is unique! You can be in the city center within 10 minutes on foot. You can also visit the countryside within 15 minutes by bike.,"A completely furnished family house across the river behind Central Station. The house is located in a quiet neighbourhood: the  perfect place to recharge after a day in the center! It's a 5 minute walk to the ferry to central station. House with 3 bedrooms (1 of which is a kids room), living room, live-in kitchen and garden on the sunny side. The garden gives to a public grass field, from which you can watch the boats pass by. Enjoy! The house is really close to Central Station. Having this much space and a garden this central in Amsterdam is unique! You can be in the city center within 10 minutes on foot. You can also visit the countryside within 15 minutes by bike. One matrimonial bed in the sleeping room, one small room with a one/two person bed, one double fold-out couch in the living room, 1 bunk bed in the kids room and 1 baby bed. Live-in kitchen, living room, garden. 2 toilets and a bathroom with a bath tub. Just transfer of the keys. For the rest you will be left alone. If yo","Our neighbourhood is Amsterdam's hidden secret: a neighbourhood so close to the centre, which is quiet and with so much living space is very special.","It's a 5 minute walk to the ferry that will take you to central station in about 3 minutes. From there you can transfer to all trains, busses and trams. Or just walk into town.",
