"The 22 mtr long houseboat ‘Vooruitgang’ is located on the city’s most beautiful canal Brouwersgracht, in the middle of the bustling Jordaan area.  The picturesque old houses, beautiful canal, many pubs, restaurants and famous farmers market, make the location one of the most enjoyable places in Amsterdam. The Anne Frank house, Dam square and Central Station are only a 10 minute walk.","Our houseboat is an authentic converted ship with completely renovated interior, with an urban apartment feeling. The former freight space is transformed into a light and spacious living room with wifi and a flatscreen tv. The wheelhouse - transformed to the kitchen - has a large stove, oven, dishwasher, cappucinomachine, fridge and microwave, and an amazing view over the Brouwersgracht. In the front of the ship you will find 1 separate bedroom. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200, called a ' doubter' in Dutch). The bathroom has a shower, washbasin and separate toilet.  When weather permits, enjoy the view, drinks or dinner and the lively Jordaan area from the roof terrace.","The 22 mtr long houseboat ‘Vooruitgang’ is located on the city’s most beautiful canal Brouwersgracht, in the middle of the bustling Jordaan area.  The picturesque old houses, beautiful canal, many pubs, restaurants and famous farmers market, make the location one of the most enjoyable places in Amsterdam. The Anne Frank house, Dam square and Central Station are only a 10 minute walk. Our houseboat is an authentic converted ship with completely renovated interior, with an urban apartment feeling. The former freight space is transformed into a light and spacious living room with wifi and a flatscreen tv. The wheelhouse - transformed to the kitchen - has a large stove, oven, dishwasher, cappucinomachine, fridge and microwave, and an amazing view over the Brouwersgracht. In the front of the ship you will find 1 separate bedroom. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200, called a ' doubter' in Dutch). The bathroom has a shower, washbasin and separate toilet.  When weather permits, enjoy the vi","City Centre Built during the city’s Golden Age, the three parallel canals are interconnected with streets filled with shopping, eating and drinking opportunities. The Canal Ring is made up of Herengracht, Keizersgracht and Prinsengracht. In a way, the Canal Ring forms a crossover from the more bustling Centre to the gentler outer neighbourhoods of Jordaan, Museum District and De Pijp. The Canal Ring includes the city’s two main nightlife and culture squares. Leidseplein features such legendary concert halls as Paradiso and Melkweg. Rembrandtplein has several bars, two large nightclubs (Escape and Air), and ‘old  world’ evocative treasures such as De Kroon and Café Schiller. The whole area is dotted with Amsterdam's beloved neighbourhood ‘brown cafes'. The Jordaan Amsterdam's Jordaan is probably the most famous neighbourhood in the Netherlands. The Jordaan is nothing but highlights. Maze-like streets offer hidden courtyards, cafés (traditional but also trendy), art galleries and pleasan","The Central Station of Amsterdam is about 10 minutes walking, there you can find every kind of transport. Otherwise you can walk to famous places because everything is close to the house.",- A property manager will assist you in case anything happens - We want you to enjoy your stay and will try to keep rules to a minimum. We just ask you to respect the place and our lovely neighbours and treat it like you would your own home.  - The pump installation for the toilet and bathroom is vulnerable. Do not flush anything except toilet paper. - Smoking only on the roof terrace.
