,"The most romantic spot in the most exciting part of Amsterdam? My spacious houseboat in a historic lock with a large idyllic garden and a fantastic view over the river IJ and the skyline of Amsterdam.  I welcome you to stay at my unique place, offering you all the convience for an unforgettable Amsterdam city trip: - Bedroom and seperate private room in a spacious houseboat with a big garden. Quiet and peaceful but yet very close to the City Center: - Large bedroom, tv, minibar, free Wifi + seperate (open) room + (private) luxurious bathroom with bath and seperate shower. - Breakfast included. - Comfort. Central heating, double glass etc. which makes it also comfortable to stay during winter. - Only 3 minutes walk to the Free ferry (24/7, daytime every 5 min, night every 10 minutes). Only one minute to arrive at the center of Amsterdam (Central Station) - All public transport available from Central Station: Bus, Tram, Subway. Only a few stops to all major museums. - Walking distance to","The most romantic spot in the most exciting part of Amsterdam? My spacious houseboat in a historic lock with a large idyllic garden and a fantastic view over the river IJ and the skyline of Amsterdam.  I welcome you to stay at my unique place, offering you all the convience for an unforgettable Amsterdam city trip: - Bedroom and seperate private room in a spacious houseboat with a big garden. Quiet and peaceful but yet very close to the City Center: - Large bedroom, tv, minibar, free Wifi + seperate (open) room + (private) luxurious bathroom with bath and seperate shower. - Breakfast included. - Comfort. Central heating, double glass etc. which makes it also comfortable to stay during winter. - Only 3 minutes walk to the Free ferry (24/7, daytime every 5 min, night every 10 minutes). Only one minute to arrive at the center of Amsterdam (Central Station) - All public transport available from Central Station: Bus, Tram, Subway. Only a few stops to all major museums. - Walking distance to",Very quiet neighborhood in the upcoming Northern district yet only minutes away from the city centre.,"The city centre is very easy accessible with a free 24/7, running every 5 minutes, ferry. The ferry leaves a few hundred meters from the house and takes you in two minutes to the city center.  You can park your car for free on a public parking lot with a parking permit which I have for you.","I am not a big fan of making house rules, however here are the most important things that I would like to ask your attention for; - Non smoking (of course you can smoke outside) - No pets - No other guests. You are most welcome to stay but you cannot invite other guests. Sorry. - No loud music or other loud noise. I won't disturb you either ;-) - No harddrugs"
