"Modern, fully furnished houseboat with 120m² private garden and waterfront terrace.  Five minutes cycling to the beautiful Jordaan area, and ten minutes to the Leidseplein, Museumplein and Central Station.  Furnished garden with bbq and two bicycles available.","A calm, green oasis located within our lively city. Open plan living, kitchen and dining areas lead to a sunny waterfront terrace, perfect for morning coffee, and a private garden for an evening glass of wine or meal al fresco. The house can accommodate a maximum of two people (we only have a double bed).","Modern, fully furnished houseboat with 120m² private garden and waterfront terrace.  Five minutes cycling to the beautiful Jordaan area, and ten minutes to the Leidseplein, Museumplein and Central Station.  Furnished garden with bbq and two bicycles available. A calm, green oasis located within our lively city. Open plan living, kitchen and dining areas lead to a sunny waterfront terrace, perfect for morning coffee, and a private garden for an evening glass of wine or meal al fresco. The house can accommodate a maximum of two people (we only have a double bed). Access to all living areas inside and outside, except for the garden shed, room next to the bathroom and motor boat. We are always available by phone or email to answer any questions, and will also discuss everything before arrival, however we may not always be available to meet and greet. In these instances we will arrange for our neighbour to meet with you when you arrive. Holidaying on a houseboat in the city gives you the be","Holidaying on a houseboat in the city gives you the best of both worlds!  Enjoy the quiet and calming view of the water from the comfort of the living room, while just ten minutes away the city is alive and buzzing. We are also one of the very few houseboats to have a garden, and with good weather, we have sun the whole day.  Five minutes walk takes you to our local high street with a supermarket, chemist and a number of cafes and takeaways.","The easiest way to get around is by using one of our two bikes. You can reach Dam Square, Leidseplein, Museumplein and Vondelpark all within ten minutes by bike! Alternatively we have bus stops just a few meters away with services into the centre, and tram stops less than ten minutes walk, taking you to Museumplein, Vondelpark and Central station. Bus and tram numbers will be detailed in the handbook.","We are a non smoking house, so please smoke outside.  Respect our property, belongings and neighbours.  No guests under any circumstances and no parties."
