,"Spending time on this beautiful houseboat is a great opportunity to enjoy Amsterdam. The houseboat is located in the middle of the old city center and has a warm and cozy atmosphere. You will be walking distance to street markets, nice restaurants, unique local bars and cafés, Central Station, Dam Square, Anne Frank House, Leidseplein and many other famous places. There is a modern basic kitchen with combi-microwave, dishwasher and gasstove, as well as a big dining table next to a large window that overlooks the wide canal.  Digital TV and WIFI internet are available. In the bathroom you will find a bathtub and a separate shower, wash basin and toilet.  The bedroom has a queen size bed. There is a folding crib available.  Walking dinstance from the boat is a healthclub with fitness, grouplessons, sauna, and squash possibilities. While you enjoy your morning coffee on your spacious deck swans, gooses, ducks and all sorts of water birds pass the boat and come to see if there is some brea","Spending time on this beautiful houseboat is a great opportunity to enjoy Amsterdam. The houseboat is located in the middle of the old city center and has a warm and cozy atmosphere. You will be walking distance to street markets, nice restaurants, unique local bars and cafés, Central Station, Dam Square, Anne Frank House, Leidseplein and many other famous places. There is a modern basic kitchen with combi-microwave, dishwasher and gasstove, as well as a big dining table next to a large window that overlooks the wide canal.  Digital TV and WIFI internet are available. In the bathroom you will find a bathtub and a separate shower, wash basin and toilet.  The bedroom has a queen size bed. There is a folding crib available.  Walking dinstance from the boat is a healthclub with fitness, grouplessons, sauna, and squash possibilities. While you enjoy your morning coffee on your spacious deck swans, gooses, ducks and all sorts of water birds pass the boat and come to see if there is some brea","De rust van het kabbelende water geeft je niet het idee, dat je echt 5 minuten lopen van de gezellige straat bent met zijn winkeltjes, cafeetjes, restaurantjes en supermarkten",,"Niet meer dan de 2 huurders op de boot. (Not more people allowed on the boat than the people that rented it) Niet roken binnen. Wel toegestaan buiten op het privé dek. (No smoking inside, but smoking is okay outside on the private deck) De boot opgeruimd en schoon achterlaten, zoals u de boot ook heeft aangetroffen (Leave the boat as clean and neat as you found it)"
