"Big, spacious and light apartment on the groundfloor in upperclass Oud-Zuid with garden. Quiet area and very near the city centre and all major highlights Amsterdam has to offer. Great place to make to most out of your stay in the dutch capitol!","Are you looking for a cosy, clean, spacious and quiet place to stay close to the centre of Amsterdam (10 mins)?  You ve found your perfect airbnb! My house is in the upperclass southern part of the city (Oud-Zuid). It is about 80 m2 and has a big private garden!.  Contents: - Bedlinen - Wireless internet - No cleaning costs - Private entrance! - 2 toilets, 1 in the bathroom, 1 seperate - Washing machine including soap - Drying machine - Spacious sunny garden  Bathroom - Bathtub - Seperate shower - Floor-heated - Towels - Douchegel and Shampoo - Hairdryer - Sink - Mirror - Toilet Bedroom - Double bed - Big closet - Big mirror Livingroom: - Huge couch, sleeps one extra person - Aerobed if needed. - Diningtable - TV and DVD player - Desk Kitchen: - Gas-cooking - Oven - Fridge - Freezer - Dishwasher - Cooking equipment  - Microwave  - Water cooker - Coffeemaker - Plates, cups, wineglasses, cutlery  - Toaster - Juicemaker Location: - 2 minute walk to supermarket - 3 minutes walk to public t","Big, spacious and light apartment on the groundfloor in upperclass Oud-Zuid with garden. Quiet area and very near the city centre and all major highlights Amsterdam has to offer. Great place to make to most out of your stay in the dutch capitol! Are you looking for a cosy, clean, spacious and quiet place to stay close to the centre of Amsterdam (10 mins)?  You ve found your perfect airbnb! My house is in the upperclass southern part of the city (Oud-Zuid). It is about 80 m2 and has a big private garden!.  Contents: - Bedlinen - Wireless internet - No cleaning costs - Private entrance! - 2 toilets, 1 in the bathroom, 1 seperate - Washing machine including soap - Drying machine - Spacious sunny garden  Bathroom - Bathtub - Seperate shower - Floor-heated - Towels - Douchegel and Shampoo - Hairdryer - Sink - Mirror - Toilet Bedroom - Double bed - Big closet - Big mirror Livingroom: - Huge couch, sleeps one extra person - Aerobed if needed. - Diningtable - TV and DVD player - Desk Kitchen: ",,,"If you smoke, please do so in the garden and not in the house! No drugs use or drinking/drugs party's are allowed in the house or the garden.  Enjoy your stay!"
