,"FEATURES:  • Central location • 19th century neo classistic style with original details • 3,5 meter high ceilings • Large sunny garden with sunbeds and swing • 3 bedrooms sleeping 5/6 in comfort  • 1 bathroom with bath and separate shower • Spacious living room with fire place • Large dining table seating 8 • High chair for children on request • 3 TVs • Cable TV • DVD/CD • Sound system • Free Hi speed WiFi internet • Double glazing • Open plan, fully equipped kitchen • 6 pit stove with double oven • Microwave • Toaster • Coffeemaker • Kettle • Dishwasher • Hairdryers • Washing machine/dryer • Iron and ironing board  • Guide books • Luxurious, thick towels • There is a cat. His name is Mau. He is very sweet. • NO SMOKING • NO PARTY POLICY Our spacious home is situated in the centre of Amsterdam. The house dates from the late 19th century. We own the 2 groundfloors with a generous garden. The house has beautiful classical detailing, high, ornamented ceilings and is a great place to retre","FEATURES:  • Central location • 19th century neo classistic style with original details • 3,5 meter high ceilings • Large sunny garden with sunbeds and swing • 3 bedrooms sleeping 5/6 in comfort  • 1 bathroom with bath and separate shower • Spacious living room with fire place • Large dining table seating 8 • High chair for children on request • 3 TVs • Cable TV • DVD/CD • Sound system • Free Hi speed WiFi internet • Double glazing • Open plan, fully equipped kitchen • 6 pit stove with double oven • Microwave • Toaster • Coffeemaker • Kettle • Dishwasher • Hairdryers • Washing machine/dryer • Iron and ironing board  • Guide books • Luxurious, thick towels • There is a cat. His name is Mau. He is very sweet. • NO SMOKING • NO PARTY POLICY Our spacious home is situated in the centre of Amsterdam. The house dates from the late 19th century. We own the 2 groundfloors with a generous garden. The house has beautiful classical detailing, high, ornamented ceilings and is a great place to retre",,,"- Please be aware that we have neighbours, so no loud music etc.  - Please respect our property and furniture - No smoking - No party policy - Please feed our cat Mau - Let us know by phone if there are any issues"
