"Welcome to our charming Loft, with a private bathroom, toilet and equipped kitchen. Right next to the canal in Amsterdam-Zuid. Suited for both couples or families, friends or bussinesrelated visits, max. of 4p. The Vondelpark, public transport, supermarkets, nice shops, (breakfast-/lunch-) bars, restaurants are just around the corner.  De MuseumQuarter, Leidseplein, Dam square a few tram-stops away.  Great connection to Airport Schiphol at 15-20 minutes.","A former garage on ground level, newly renovated and transformed into a unique industrial and rustic loft with a warm feel to it.  There are 3 split-level area’s in one open space, just 2 steps up or 2 steps down. You can enjoy: • The fully equipped kitchen with an attached dining-bar, also suited to work on your laptop. You can make use of the dishwasher, fridge, nespresso, watercooker, combi micro-wave and stove.  Cooking-basics are also available, as are tea, coffee etc. • The livingroom where you can sit and relax watching television,  listening to music or just take a look in one of our many interesting books on Art, Design or Amsterdam, we have also some games available.  • The master bedroom with a kingsize bed (1.80 x 2.00m) is two steps up behind a balustrade. Private and still in contact with the rest of the room.  • The two bunkbeds with adult-sized, comfortable beds (0.90 x 1.00 m) have shutters for more privacy, and of course they come with a bedlamp and shelf and socket t","Welcome to our charming Loft, with a private bathroom, toilet and equipped kitchen. Right next to the canal in Amsterdam-Zuid. Suited for both couples or families, friends or bussinesrelated visits, max. of 4p. The Vondelpark, public transport, supermarkets, nice shops, (breakfast-/lunch-) bars, restaurants are just around the corner.  De MuseumQuarter, Leidseplein, Dam square a few tram-stops away.  Great connection to Airport Schiphol at 15-20 minutes. A former garage on ground level, newly renovated and transformed into a unique industrial and rustic loft with a warm feel to it.  There are 3 split-level area’s in one open space, just 2 steps up or 2 steps down. You can enjoy: • The fully equipped kitchen with an attached dining-bar, also suited to work on your laptop. You can make use of the dishwasher, fridge, nespresso, watercooker, combi micro-wave and stove.  Cooking-basics are also available, as are tea, coffee etc. • The livingroom where you can sit and relax watching televisi","Welcome to our charming Loft. The entire apartment is at your disposal with a private bathroom, toilet and equipped kitchen. Right next to the canal in Amsterdam-Zuid. Suited for both couples or families, friends or bussinesrelated visits, max. of 4p. The Vondelpark, public transport, supermarkets, nice shops, (breakfast-/lunch-) bars, restaurants are just around the corner.  De MuseumQuarter, Leidseplein, Dam square a few tram-stops away.  Great connection to Airport Schiphol at 15-20 minutes.","You can park your car in the street,  it is payed parking. Tram (no. 1 or 2) and busses are at 5 minutes walk. Airport Schiphol at 15-20 min. Center of Amsterdam at 15-20 min.","Respect our neighbors, no noise between 10 PM - 8 AM. No smoking inside. No drugs"
