,"2 floor apartment on the first and second floor of 90 square meters. 10 minutes walk from/to the free ferry North-CS (all night).  2 bedrooms with double beds, but only 1 bedroom is available, the other is for storage.   Very light living room, nicely fitted kitchen with dishwasher and microwave/oven, bathroom with bath, second toilet, balcony on the south looking out on green gardens.  The interior has changed a little since the pictures were taken. Cable tv, free wifi internet. Free parking. Busses around the corner.  Nearby:  Film museum EYE Paradiso dependance  NSDM werf: Pllek 'beach', Noorderlicht, Pancakeboat, IJ-kantine, festivals Nice bars/restaurants along the water  Centre of Amsterdam with lots of bars/coffeeshops/museums De Zaanse Schans: authentic Dutch houses Twiske: recreational area lies to the north of Amsterdam between Zaanstad and Purmerend. It’s the ideal place for a day out on your bicycle, as Amsterdam’s bike paths connect directly to the paths in Het Twiske. Swi","2 floor apartment on the first and second floor of 90 square meters. 10 minutes walk from/to the free ferry North-CS (all night).  2 bedrooms with double beds, but only 1 bedroom is available, the other is for storage.   Very light living room, nicely fitted kitchen with dishwasher and microwave/oven, bathroom with bath, second toilet, balcony on the south looking out on green gardens.  The interior has changed a little since the pictures were taken. Cable tv, free wifi internet. Free parking. Busses around the corner.  Nearby:  Film museum EYE Paradiso dependance  NSDM werf: Pllek 'beach', Noorderlicht, Pancakeboat, IJ-kantine, festivals Nice bars/restaurants along the water  Centre of Amsterdam with lots of bars/coffeeshops/museums De Zaanse Schans: authentic Dutch houses Twiske: recreational area lies to the north of Amsterdam between Zaanstad and Purmerend. It’s the ideal place for a day out on your bicycle, as Amsterdam’s bike paths connect directly to the paths in Het Twiske. Swi","Quiet neigbourhood, friendly neighbours. Close to the city centre. Near the IJ.",Walking distance from CS. Busses nearby.,Please: Always lock the frontdoor with the key when you go out. Don't use the washing machine and the dryer at the same time. Only smoke on the balcony and clean up the fags. Leave the house as tidy as it was. Don't put the frying pans in the dishwasher.
