"- Brand new 26m² (280 sq.ft.) bedroom with 4 top class boxspring beds with memory foam, new flatscreen TV - Quiet part of the city center - Free bedding, towels & fast WiFi ! - Cute bathroom with rainfall shower in the hall - Kitchen & basics available for making your own breakfast, lunch or dinner","- Only 5 minutes from the heart of the city! - Close to Schiphol Airport (20 minutes by train&tram) - Close to Amsterdam Central Station (10 minutes by tram)  FIREPLACE ROOM Rent our luxurious 4-person room; 25m2. Four single beds, 2 single + 1 double, or 2 double beds if you like. Experience what you cannot find in any hotel; your very own fireplace! We will even throw in a fire log at no extra cost... THE APARTMENT In our 2014 fully modernized, yet authentic 19th century apartment, you'll stay in one of our two brand new rooms.  In the Fireplace Room, on the 2nd floor, you may expect double glazed windows, and your double set of room keys.  The solid oak floor and new box spring beds guarantee you will enjoy a quiet night’s rest after a great day of discovering our Amsterdam! Host Jeroen will welcome you in and answer all your questions. Free cable TV and WiFi are available to you. Enjoy a free HBO subscription, as well as CNN, Comedy Central, FoxLife, Nat Geo, TLC, BBC 1-4 and many ","- Brand new 26m² (280 sq.ft.) bedroom with 4 top class boxspring beds with memory foam, new flatscreen TV - Quiet part of the city center - Free bedding, towels & fast WiFi ! - Cute bathroom with rainfall shower in the hall - Kitchen & basics available for making your own breakfast, lunch or dinner - Only 5 minutes from the heart of the city! - Close to Schiphol Airport (20 minutes by train&tram) - Close to Amsterdam Central Station (10 minutes by tram)  FIREPLACE ROOM Rent our luxurious 4-person room; 25m2. Four single beds, 2 single + 1 double, or 2 double beds if you like. Experience what you cannot find in any hotel; your very own fireplace! We will even throw in a fire log at no extra cost... THE APARTMENT In our 2014 fully modernized, yet authentic 19th century apartment, you'll stay in one of our two brand new rooms.  In the Fireplace Room, on the 2nd floor, you may expect double glazed windows, and your double set of room keys.  The solid oak floor and new box spring beds guara","Situated in the Amsterdam City Center, the Kinkerbuurt is located right between the Vondelpark, the Rembrandtpark and the Erasmuspark. You'll find canals, cafe’s, public transport and restaurants within a 3 minute walk. You'll find the world famous Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, the Anne Frank House, The van Gogh Museum, The Rijksmuseum, the Jordan Area and the Canal Cruise Harbor all within 7,5 (tram) minutes. To Dam square, the centre of Amsterdam, is just short of 1 mile away. Famous area's like Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein are very close. In this Amsterdam Centre area ‘Old West’, the Kinkerbuurt has undergone of a major upgrade in 2014. Many streets and houses in this area have undergone urban renewal, making the entire neighbourhood hip and happening. You will find our location a very comfortable starting point for any trip you may decide to plan. Five major tram lines are conveniently located within a few minutes walk and we'll gladly show you how to travel. If you bring you","Jeroen will gladly walk you from or to the tram stop should you have trouble finding the location! A 3 minute walk to the south gets you to: -Tram line 7 will take you to the famous entertainment area Leidseplein in only 5 minutes; -Tram line 17 goes to Dam Square (5 minutes), and Central Station a few minutes after that. A 3 minute walk north takes you to: -Tram line 12, which will take you to the second and third largest train stations in the city, Sloterdijk and Amstel station, connecting you to the rest of Holland. -Tram line 13, which is a direct connection to Dam Square (5 minutes) and central station (10 minutes); -Tram line 14, also towards Dam square and will take you to famous square Rembrandt Square (8 minutes).","- Parties and events are allowed only when you book both rooms! - Geniet van Amsterdam! Enjoy Amsterdam! Genießen Sie Amsterdam! - Niet roken. Please do not smoke. Rauchen ist nicht zulässig, ne fumer pas svp. - Geen huisdieren. No pets. Keine Haustiere. Pas d'animaux. - Keuken en sanitair graag achterlaten zoals u het aantreft. - Please leave the kitchen and restroom as you find it. - Hinterlassen Sie bitte die Küche und Sanitärräume so wie Sie diese vorgefunden haben. - Veuilles laisser la cuisine et la toilette aussi propre que vous souhaiteriez les trouver en entrant."
