"Jordaan monumental house 70 m2 in the heart of historic Amsterdam.  400 meters Anne Frank house 500 meters Nine streets  800 meters Norther market Centrally but quiet House is on street level  Listed monument  100 restaurants, bars and cafes 10 min walking radius","HOUSE: you are renting a complete house with two floors and one bedroom. The house was built in 1896 and renovated in 2015. The house is on ground level and souterrain (basement) level, so in this Amsterdam house there are only stairs to the bedroom floor inside the house. LIVING ROOM 40 m2: big sofa and two comfortable sofa chairs, 40 inch 3D HD sony TV (including NETFLIX) and a dinner table -ground level-. KITCHEN: fully equipped. Big stove with oven, microwave, Sjöstrand Nespresso machine (coffee provided), toaster and dishwasher -ground level-. BEDROOM 20 m2: has a super comfortable king size bed (200 X 220) and four windows that provide direct day light and fresh air. Souterrain (basement) level, which provides a great temperature to sleep, even on warm summer days.  Notice that the ceiling in the bedroom is about 180 cm high from floor to wooden beams and 200 cm from the floor to the ceiling -souterrain level-. BATHROOM: shower, toilet and washbasin. Towels, shampoo, soap, toilet","Jordaan monumental house 70 m2 in the heart of historic Amsterdam.  400 meters Anne Frank house 500 meters Nine streets  800 meters Norther market Centrally but quiet House is on street level  Listed monument  100 restaurants, bars and cafes 10 min walking radius HOUSE: you are renting a complete house with two floors and one bedroom. The house was built in 1896 and renovated in 2015. The house is on ground level and souterrain (basement) level, so in this Amsterdam house there are only stairs to the bedroom floor inside the house. LIVING ROOM 40 m2: big sofa and two comfortable sofa chairs, 40 inch 3D HD sony TV (including NETFLIX) and a dinner table -ground level-. KITCHEN: fully equipped. Big stove with oven, microwave, Sjöstrand Nespresso machine (coffee provided), toaster and dishwasher -ground level-. BEDROOM 20 m2: has a super comfortable king size bed (200 X 220) and four windows that provide direct day light and fresh air. Souterrain (basement) level, which provides a great te","The house is super centrally located but quiet. The closest cafe is about 40 meters and has a fantastic terrace outside. The closest restaurant is about 30 meters and serves great food and has a terrace outside as well.  The house is only 10 meters from the canal ""Egelantiersgracht"" the most beautiful canal in Amsterdam.",Use our city bikes for FREE! City tram stop and public bus stop are a 2 minute walk and connect to the central station and airport. Taxis can pull up easy in this quiet one way street.,Maximum two people inside the house No shoes inside the house No pets
