,"This light, grand apartment with spacious living sleeps 4 adults and 2 extra beds for children. The living room in the front has big windowed doors that open to a French balcony with street views. There is a comfortable lounge area with wide screen TV. The two bedrooms in the back both have access to a loggia balcony, to enjoy breakfast in the morning sun. The fully equipped Bulthaup kitchen, as well as the design bathroom with floor heating, bath, walk-in shower and sink, gives the apartment a very luxurious feel. There is separate toilet and additional storage space for suitcases and such, in the hallway. THE LOCATION  Located on a quiet street between the Amstel River and the Utrechtsestraat, you’ll have best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is lovely, classy shopping street, with its boutiques, café’s and restaurants. For your daily groceries there is an Albert Heijn supermarket a stone’s throw away from the apartments. This lovely neighborhood, that borders the fam","This light, grand apartment with spacious living sleeps 4 adults and 2 extra beds for children. The living room in the front has big windowed doors that open to a French balcony with street views. There is a comfortable lounge area with wide screen TV. The two bedrooms in the back both have access to a loggia balcony, to enjoy breakfast in the morning sun. The fully equipped Bulthaup kitchen, as well as the design bathroom with floor heating, bath, walk-in shower and sink, gives the apartment a very luxurious feel. There is separate toilet and additional storage space for suitcases and such, in the hallway. THE LOCATION  Located on a quiet street between the Amstel River and the Utrechtsestraat, you’ll have best of both worlds in this area. The Utrechtsestraat is lovely, classy shopping street, with its boutiques, café’s and restaurants. For your daily groceries there is an Albert Heijn supermarket a stone’s throw away from the apartments. This lovely neighborhood, that borders the fam",,,"1.  There is a strict non-smoking policy in the apartments, elevator and staircase. 2.  The use of open fire (barbecue) or candles is prohibited, inside the apartments, and also outside on the balconnies / terrace. 3.  There is a strict no drugs policy in the apartments. 4.  In respect for the neighbors, we ask you to refrain from making noise between 11 pm and 7 am. 5.  Under no circumstances will the renter(s) be of any nuisance to other occupants of the apartment building, nor to the neighboring residents. Renter is responsible for the correct behaviour of all members in his/her group. In the case of complaints from third parties, if well-founded in our opinion, the renter will be charged with a fine, to the maximum amount of the deposit. 6.  Upon leaving the apartments, we ask you to make sure that all windows and doors are closed and locked. 7.  Damage / loss to the inventory should be reported to the manager immediatly. Any costs that are made for replacement / repair will be bil"
