"Amsterdam is all about location and here you'll find yourself in the heart of historical district De PIJP, packed with restaurants and bars.  My lovely, light and fully equipped studio apartment is the perfect getaway, with everything you need and great wifi. Enjoy Amsterdam like a true local.","This 50m2 lovely, light, fully equipped and quiet studio apartment is located on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam building. No elevator, so prepare for some stairs. Perfectly suitable for singles or couples.  You will find everything to your convenience: a comfy double bed, a large table, wifi, a rain shower, a fully equipped kitchen and a sunny balcony from 8 am till 3 pm. - No elevator in the building and only accessible by Amsterdam stairs, not suitable for people with immobility problems. - High speed Wi-Fi is free of charge. - Towels and bed linen are provided. - Coffee, tea and sugar are complementary. - Smoking is not allowed.","Amsterdam is all about location and here you'll find yourself in the heart of historical district De PIJP, packed with restaurants and bars.  My lovely, light and fully equipped studio apartment is the perfect getaway, with everything you need and great wifi. Enjoy Amsterdam like a true local. This 50m2 lovely, light, fully equipped and quiet studio apartment is located on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam building. No elevator, so prepare for some stairs. Perfectly suitable for singles or couples.  You will find everything to your convenience: a comfy double bed, a large table, wifi, a rain shower, a fully equipped kitchen and a sunny balcony from 8 am till 3 pm. - No elevator in the building and only accessible by Amsterdam stairs, not suitable for people with immobility problems. - High speed Wi-Fi is free of charge. - Towels and bed linen are provided. - Coffee, tea and sugar are complementary. - Smoking is not allowed. The apartment is exclusive and is completely private for","If you stay here you will be in the middle of all good and exciting Amsterdam has to offer and stay in a quiet and cozy place. DE PIJP neighborhood is hip and happening with lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs. The famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market and the ""Heineken” brewery are around the corner. Walking distance to ""Museum"" square!","Conveniently located on the border of the city center, most attractions will be on walking distance. With a tram stop around the corner it’s also very easy to go around by public transport. Tram 4 will take you in 15 minutes to Central Station. Unfortunately parking is quite expensive in our neighborhood. If you don't need your car during your stay I can recommend cheaper places on the border of town. If you are interested in a guided canal boat trip, please let me know and I can arrange the best Amsterdam boat-guide for you.","Treat my home and neighbors like your own, respect my personal belongings and have a little chat with Mr. Cactus. It's my home, which means I really live there :) - Absolutely no smoking in the house and hallways. The balcony is a perfect smoking spot with a smoking view and a pink smoking ashtray. - Leave my personal belongings and stuff to me, there's already a lot of things for you to use and play with. - I am very much in love with my cactus. Please do not water it or move it. He likes a nice daily chat though. My apartment is on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam house and me and my neighbors made friendly agreements on a few things which I expect my guests to follow: - No loud music. Use you headphone and there's plenty of bars and clubs in the neighborhood to rock and dance away. - Keep the hallway free of stuff and clean. - Lock the front door. - Speak easy on the stairs and on the balcony after 11pm. My neighbors are the best in the world, so be nice to hem if you meet th"
