"A stone's throw from the picturesque Amstel river, a 2 minute stroll to Oosterpark, a quick disco step to Trouw and Canvas and only 5 minutes from the canals of Centrum (by bike or tram), you'll find everything you want in the up and coming Oost","This is a family house, therefore couples or small families are preferred (Please note - one bedroom is a nursery). If you there are 3+ people please message me and I'll see if we can accommodate.  Please note we received one bad review. This was an unjust and upsetting appraisal. My previous reviews are certainly more reflective of the apartment and the experience you will have. Thank you. This spacious 90 square metres (295 square feet) flat is perfect for you to settle in and call home for a few days. With plenty of quirks, a 30 square metres (98 square feet) terrace, great access to public transport, wealth of local shops on the doorstep, the beautiful Oosterpark and Amstel river on your doorstep, not to mention some of the best nightlife and food Amsterdam has to offer on your doorstep, I'm certain you'll find everything you want and need for a great stay.  Two double bedrooms (1 x king size, one standard double) Free Wifi Digital TV Stereo Oven Fridge Microwave Bath Shower Washin","A stone's throw from the picturesque Amstel river, a 2 minute stroll to Oosterpark, a quick disco step to Trouw and Canvas and only 5 minutes from the canals of Centrum (by bike or tram), you'll find everything you want in the up and coming Oost This is a family house, therefore couples or small families are preferred (Please note - one bedroom is a nursery). If you there are 3+ people please message me and I'll see if we can accommodate.  Please note we received one bad review. This was an unjust and upsetting appraisal. My previous reviews are certainly more reflective of the apartment and the experience you will have. Thank you. This spacious 90 square metres (295 square feet) flat is perfect for you to settle in and call home for a few days. With plenty of quirks, a 30 square metres (98 square feet) terrace, great access to public transport, wealth of local shops on the doorstep, the beautiful Oosterpark and Amstel river on your doorstep, not to mention some of the best nightlife a","The neighbourhood not only offers easy access to everywhere else in Amsterdam, but also has plenty of it's own delights.  If you like it green, Oosterpark is 2 minutes walk away. Jump on a bike or a tram and you can be at the urban oasis Flevopark.  If you like nightlife Trouw (best club in Amsterdam) and Doka / Canvas (with a stunning 7th floor view of the city) are just round the corner.  Culture-wise in the immediate area you can visit the Tropenmuseum or enjoy the legendary windmill brewery.  Beukenplein (1 minute's walk) is quickly becoming the coolest place in Amsterdam to hang out. file:///C:/Users/nldstmcl/Downloads/plankaart_beukenplein.pdf Notable highlights include Bukowskis, Brouw, Maxwells, Thai Coon and Smoking Barrels.  (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden)","Wibautstraat Metro Station is 1 minute's walk away, allowing easy access to Centrum's Metro stations, including Centraal Station (10 minutes ride).  More info - (website hidden) Alternatively, the tram 3 stop is 2 minutes walk. away. This allows an easy ride to across the city to Vondelpark & Museumplein (15 minutes ride). (website hidden)",No pets please.  Smoking outside if you wouldn't mind.  Treat the place like you'd expect your house to be treated.
