"This tastfully furnished 2- bedroom (115 sq. m) loft has everything you need. It offers a lot of privacy and is very spacious. Enjoy the fully equipt kitchen, the large roofterrace and the great area in which this apt is located.","The loft has a private entrance and consists of 2 floors with a big sunny roof terrace on top and two  balconies on each floor. The heigh ceilings and numberous windows make this loft light and spacious. The apartment interior is modern and offers all you need for a comfortable stay for either a little family or two couples.The master bedroom has a comfortable kingsize double bed, the 2nd bedroom offers a queensize double bed. There is a separate small room to fit in an infant (max age 2).The bathroom consists of a walk in shower and a big bathtube. The separate toilet is located next to the bathroom.","This tastfully furnished 2- bedroom (115 sq. m) loft has everything you need. It offers a lot of privacy and is very spacious. Enjoy the fully equipt kitchen, the large roofterrace and the great area in which this apt is located. The loft has a private entrance and consists of 2 floors with a big sunny roof terrace on top and two  balconies on each floor. The heigh ceilings and numberous windows make this loft light and spacious. The apartment interior is modern and offers all you need for a comfortable stay for either a little family or two couples.The master bedroom has a comfortable kingsize double bed, the 2nd bedroom offers a queensize double bed. There is a separate small room to fit in an infant (max age 2).The bathroom consists of a walk in shower and a big bathtube. The separate toilet is located next to the bathroom. All rooms are available for the guest. There are no shared facilities with other people. We welcome you oursevles or will make sure our caretaker will the check ","The neighbourhood is very diverse and charming. It is children friendly with little parks around the corner and it feels like a little village within Amsterdam. The apartment is located across a daily food market, where you can buy fresh bread and fruits for breakfast. At least 10 cute restaurants are located just around the corner. Leidsesquare and the Nine Streets are a 15 min walk away. To go to all other must sees in Amsterdam, you simply take the tram, which leaves only 2 minutes’ walk from the apartment.","To go to all other must sees in Amsterdam, you simply take the tram, which leaves only 2 minutes’ walk from the apartment.",No smoking.  No loud music at night (neighbours have kids) No pets.
