"Our  cosy home is in one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. Quiet, but close to the center. Our kitchen is large, modern and has all equipment you need to  prepare beautiful meals for your family and/or friends.  Parks and restaurants are nearby. There are 4 bedrooms with double beds and a 5th double bed in an open space. Possibilities for families up to 8 people. 2 bathrooms (1 bath, 1 shower) 3 separate toilets.","Our house is a spacious and cosy house in the Watergraafsmeer, Amsterdam (tramline 9, at 2 minutes walk, takes you to the city center in 15 minutes) There is a very large, overly equipped kitchen and a large living room on the ground floor.  Spacious and cosy house, family friendly, garden, attic (spare beds - not included, but negotiable) 4,5 bedroom / 2 bathrooms","Our  cosy home is in one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. Quiet, but close to the center. Our kitchen is large, modern and has all equipment you need to  prepare beautiful meals for your family and/or friends.  Parks and restaurants are nearby. There are 4 bedrooms with double beds and a 5th double bed in an open space. Possibilities for families up to 8 people. 2 bathrooms (1 bath, 1 shower) 3 separate toilets. Our house is a spacious and cosy house in the Watergraafsmeer, Amsterdam (tramline 9, at 2 minutes walk, takes you to the city center in 15 minutes) There is a very large, overly equipped kitchen and a large living room on the ground floor.  Spacious and cosy house, family friendly, garden, attic (spare beds - not included, but negotiable) 4,5 bedroom / 2 bathrooms Guest will have access to the ground floor (living room, kitchen, dining area, restroom, the garden, and first floor: 3 bedrooms (1 double, 2x single) and 1 bathroom Depending on arrival dates: reception and info av","Quiet and relatively green, family friendly, park around the corner, nice little restaurants and terraces.",The tramline departs every 5 minutes to the city center. Very close by: Artis (Zoo) Tun Fun (indoor children's playground) Park  Lots of nice restaurants and bars,No smoking. If possible feeding our two rabbits included (not necessarily as there are other neighbors who are willing to do so)
