"A large and bright recently built appartment in safe and upcoming neigbourhood with lots of restaurants, cafes and bars nearby. Just a few stops from the citycentre, with public transport around the corner.","THE APPARTMENT: The appartment is located on the 4th floor and is accessible by elevator. It was completely rebuilt last year, so you'll find a spacious, light appartment in optima forma. There are 2 bedrooms, both with double beds and both with access to a sunny balcony.  It has a large living-/dining room with an open kitchen.  The bathroom is equiped with a shower and bathtub and there is a separate toilet. The appartment is fully furnished and equiped with dishwasher, washer, dryer, flatscreen television, high speed wireless internet, stereo and media player for movies/series.  LOCATION: It is situated in the Oosterpark neighborhood, a vibrant and buzzy upcoming area in Amsterdam. It is close to the city centre, the romantic Amstel river and the Oosterpark. There are numerous café-terraces, bars, shops and restaurants in the neighborhood and a market is very nearby. The mayor tourist attractions (van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Dam Square, the canals) are 15 min by bike ride away, or","A large and bright recently built appartment in safe and upcoming neigbourhood with lots of restaurants, cafes and bars nearby. Just a few stops from the citycentre, with public transport around the corner. THE APPARTMENT: The appartment is located on the 4th floor and is accessible by elevator. It was completely rebuilt last year, so you'll find a spacious, light appartment in optima forma. There are 2 bedrooms, both with double beds and both with access to a sunny balcony.  It has a large living-/dining room with an open kitchen.  The bathroom is equiped with a shower and bathtub and there is a separate toilet. The appartment is fully furnished and equiped with dishwasher, washer, dryer, flatscreen television, high speed wireless internet, stereo and media player for movies/series.  LOCATION: It is situated in the Oosterpark neighborhood, a vibrant and buzzy upcoming area in Amsterdam. It is close to the city centre, the romantic Amstel river and the Oosterpark. There are numerous ca",,,
