"Our home is located centrally in A'dam. Canals, vondelpark, leidseplein & museumplein all are walkable. The neighbourhoud is a very nice mix of homes, shops and cafe's. The street is located in between two canals. The apartement is located on 3rd & 4th floor, the top 2 floors of the house. With 120m2 it is spacious and also very light.  It is a typical Amsterdamse style home, which is completely renovated inside. We have a sunny balcony, fire place, large bathroom and 2 bedrooms.","Our house is very centrally located in Amsterdam. Everything is nearby: the canals, vondelpark, leidseplein, museum square, all are walking distance. The area itself is also very nice, and can be best described as a mix of old-style resedential Amsterdam houses with shops, cafe's and coffee places. Relatively new and very popular is the new food/cinema/art-court called ""De Hallen"". The street lies between two canals.  The apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor, the top two floors, measures 120m2 and is very light. There is no elevator but broad stairs which are not steep for A'dam standards. The house is over 100 years old, and  has a very lovely old-Amsterdam-style. Moreover, it has been completely refurbished so includes all modern facilities. The place has a sunny balcony, modern fire place, big bathroom with shower and bath, laundry room, two separate bedrooms with two two-person beds (not in picture). One bed has a width of 1.80m, the other 1.60m. The two large bedrooms th","Our home is located centrally in A'dam. Canals, vondelpark, leidseplein & museumplein all are walkable. The neighbourhoud is a very nice mix of homes, shops and cafe's. The street is located in between two canals. The apartement is located on 3rd & 4th floor, the top 2 floors of the house. With 120m2 it is spacious and also very light.  It is a typical Amsterdamse style home, which is completely renovated inside. We have a sunny balcony, fire place, large bathroom and 2 bedrooms. Our house is very centrally located in Amsterdam. Everything is nearby: the canals, vondelpark, leidseplein, museum square, all are walking distance. The area itself is also very nice, and can be best described as a mix of old-style resedential Amsterdam houses with shops, cafe's and coffee places. Relatively new and very popular is the new food/cinema/art-court called ""De Hallen"". The street lies between two canals.  The apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor, the top two floors, measures 120m2 and is",,,"- Please be kind to our neighbours. If the neighbours have any complaints please make sure to address those and prevent any further complaints; - When walking up the stairs don't talk and don't run to prevent noise; - Please do not make noise in general and especially not after 22:00. When you come home late take extra care to be silent; - Please do not wear your shoes inside the house, again to prevent noise for the neighbours downstairs;  - No parties please! - We will provide two sets of keys. If you loose a set, we will charge €250,- for replacing the lock and making new key cuts; - The fire place can be used. Please be very carefull, only use one piece of wood at a time and never leave it on whilst not around. There are fire alarms in the house. - Please turn off all lights, heating and power when leaving the house;  - Smoking is allowed on the balcony, but NOT inside of the house please!  - Sheets, towels and soap are included.  PARKING COSTS IN THE NEIGHBOURHOOD: - EUR 3,00 per "
