On the first floor we have a bright studio overlooking the garden. The place is suitable for max 4 persons. It is around the corner of the Albert Cuyp Market and the Museum Area. From here you can walk within 30 minutes to all interesting places.,"Fully equiped studio with a small kitchen in one of the popular areas of Amsterdam. Near museam quarter, RAI, Centrum, Albert Cuypmarket, Sarphatipark, restaurants and caé's of the world. It has one double bed a sleepingcouch for two persons and an extra bed could be put in. Pink is suitable for 3 to 4 adults. It is situated on the first floor. In total we have three studio, the other two, called green and blue are at the toplevel at third floor.  When you come in May you have a big chance that the golden rain is flowering. It is a bright and airy studio with the three large windows. It has Central heating, wifi a small kitchen with oven and microwave, no dishwasher unfortunately. I think the gardeview is a nice innercity one. You can see many backyards of the neighbours and you will see my chicken and cat being busy with their lives. The area is full of nice affordable places to eat. From typical Dutch, Turkish, South American, Indonesia, Ethiopia, Italian, you name it it is all here.","On the first floor we have a bright studio overlooking the garden. The place is suitable for max 4 persons. It is around the corner of the Albert Cuyp Market and the Museum Area. From here you can walk within 30 minutes to all interesting places. Fully equiped studio with a small kitchen in one of the popular areas of Amsterdam. Near museam quarter, RAI, Centrum, Albert Cuypmarket, Sarphatipark, restaurants and caé's of the world. It has one double bed a sleepingcouch for two persons and an extra bed could be put in. Pink is suitable for 3 to 4 adults. It is situated on the first floor. In total we have three studio, the other two, called green and blue are at the toplevel at third floor.  When you come in May you have a big chance that the golden rain is flowering. It is a bright and airy studio with the three large windows. It has Central heating, wifi a small kitchen with oven and microwave, no dishwasher unfortunately. I think the gardeview is a nice innercity one. You can see many","We re in a quiet street, in the middle of a very lifely area. With the daily Albert Cuyp market around the corner as well as a meeting place with lots of cafes and restaurant where people meet to have a drink from earlie in the morning untill late at night. Many shops and lots of occasions an public transport to all directions.",To everywhere around the corner,"I think there are enough rules in this world so I am not the person to add another rule. Feel free and happy in my house, that is our main wish. So far almost everybody tydied the place before they left and that is very much appreciated. Sometimes I notice people let the heather burning whilst they are away, that is a shame because that is a waste of money. Please turn it down when you leave, the heathers work well it is hot in a minute after turning it up."
