,"This apartment is located in central Amsterdam. Only 10 minutes walk to Central Station . There are some extremely pretty canals close by the Artis Zoo and Botanical Gardens. Within a short walk you can also be enjoying the buzz and excitement of Dam Square, Nieuwmarkt Square and the Red Light District. The famous Herengracht Canal is within a couple of minutes walk away.  The famous flee market Waterlooplein is only 5 minutes walk to the apartment. The apartment is located on a third floor and has no lift (steep stairs)  This two storey apartment has a master bedroom with a double bed that can be converted in a  twin bed  and a single sofa bed,flat screen tv only to watch videos.  On the same floor is located a large bathroom and the kitchen with dining area with large plasma TV. This kitchen has a large table that can accommodate 6 people. Due to new council regulations for safety to tourists  we have installed a new alarm system in the whole building  this alarm system is connected ","This apartment is located in central Amsterdam. Only 10 minutes walk to Central Station . There are some extremely pretty canals close by the Artis Zoo and Botanical Gardens. Within a short walk you can also be enjoying the buzz and excitement of Dam Square, Nieuwmarkt Square and the Red Light District. The famous Herengracht Canal is within a couple of minutes walk away.  The famous flee market Waterlooplein is only 5 minutes walk to the apartment. The apartment is located on a third floor and has no lift (steep stairs)  This two storey apartment has a master bedroom with a double bed that can be converted in a  twin bed  and a single sofa bed,flat screen tv only to watch videos.  On the same floor is located a large bathroom and the kitchen with dining area with large plasma TV. This kitchen has a large table that can accommodate 6 people. Due to new council regulations for safety to tourists  we have installed a new alarm system in the whole building  this alarm system is connected ",the apartment is surrounded  has a grand cafe in the corner with a large terrace overlooking the canal  a couple of small restaurants all with terraces overlooking the canals  this area has a local flavour and  is only 12 to 15 minutes walk to the busy centre and main touristic attractions,Best way to move around is by bike  we recommend you  to rent bikes in MC bike  if not taking a 72 hours travel card is the cheapest option  taxis are  more expensive that in the main European cities we work with a Friendly taxi company that we trust that can bring our guest from the airport on request.,"Due to new council regulations for safety to tourists  we have installed a new alarm system in the whole building  this alarm system is connected to the fire department . this apartment is Strictly Non Smoking  no deep frying, no grilling, no toasting are permitted as these activities can activate the alarm system  only boiling, light cooking and microwave meals are allowed. bookings after 23:00 are consider late check in and have a surcharge of 30,00"
