"Large luxury family house with garden on top location. Perfect for family with max 5 kids (=4 kids and a baby). Very close to all major Amsterdam attractions in Amsterdam best neighbourhood: Old South (Oud-Zuid). Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Vondelpark.","Large luxury family house, perfect for a family with (little) kids.  The spacious house of 300 m² is spread over 3 floors.   Entrance, staircase to second floor and staircase to the souterrain. Entrance: Entrance in the apartment, very bright and spacious living room with half open tv-room.  Second floor: 3 bedrooms and a luxury bathroom with bad and separate rain shower. Master bedroom with walkin- closet and a balcony view on the big chestnut-tree. Souterrain: Luxury kitchen provided with all modern built-in appliances. Kitchen has a large serre with access to the garden. Separate playroom for the kids. Toilet and laundry room.","Large luxury family house with garden on top location. Perfect for family with max 5 kids (=4 kids and a baby). Very close to all major Amsterdam attractions in Amsterdam best neighbourhood: Old South (Oud-Zuid). Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Vondelpark. Large luxury family house, perfect for a family with (little) kids.  The spacious house of 300 m² is spread over 3 floors.   Entrance, staircase to second floor and staircase to the souterrain. Entrance: Entrance in the apartment, very bright and spacious living room with half open tv-room.  Second floor: 3 bedrooms and a luxury bathroom with bad and separate rain shower. Master bedroom with walkin- closet and a balcony view on the big chestnut-tree. Souterrain: Luxury kitchen provided with all modern built-in appliances. Kitchen has a large serre with access to the garden. Separate playroom for the kids. Toilet and laundry room. Guest will have the whole house (3 floors) for themselves. Only one small room is closed as it contains private st","Within 5 minutes walking distance of the Museumplein (Rijksmuseum, Van Goghmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw) 3 minutes walk to the Vondelpark, as well as the Cornelis Schuytstraat, van Baerlestraat and PC Hooftstraat with their great variety of luxury boutiques, fine lunch spots and great restaurants.",Very easy access by public transport (tram 2 stop on Cornelis Schuytstraat/Willemsparkweg) and by car (A10 highway is only 10 minutes). Schiphol is 15 minutes by taxi.,"We are proud of our house and we expect our guest to treat our house with the respect it deserves. At the same time we have small kids as well, hence it is not a museum."
