"A nice simple, 2 bedroom apartment in the centre of Amsterdam close to parks/museums/shops and bustling nightlife that caters for up to 3 (1 double and 1 single bedroom) but can go up to 4 people! (with 1 aerobed). *HAS PET CAT*","Hi there! My boyfriend and I are letting our apartment in de nice and bustling area of de Baarsjes in Amsterdam. There is 1 double room and 1 single, a balcony, nice area with restaurants, bars and shops and less 5 mins cycle to the Jordaan! Welcome! The apartment has 3 bedrooms, though 1 is used for storage.  Our house has some modern facilities like docking stations, a WII, Netflix, TV on Demand and wireless internet for those who'd rather stay in for the night, though our neighbourhood has so many restaurants, bars and cafes worth exploring!!","A nice simple, 2 bedroom apartment in the centre of Amsterdam close to parks/museums/shops and bustling nightlife that caters for up to 3 (1 double and 1 single bedroom) but can go up to 4 people! (with 1 aerobed). *HAS PET CAT* Hi there! My boyfriend and I are letting our apartment in de nice and bustling area of de Baarsjes in Amsterdam. There is 1 double room and 1 single, a balcony, nice area with restaurants, bars and shops and less 5 mins cycle to the Jordaan! Welcome! The apartment has 3 bedrooms, though 1 is used for storage.  Our house has some modern facilities like docking stations, a WII, Netflix, TV on Demand and wireless internet for those who'd rather stay in for the night, though our neighbourhood has so many restaurants, bars and cafes worth exploring!! The apartment has 3 bedrooms, though 1 is used for storage. 1 single bed, 1 double Little to none interaction. Self catering. De Booming Baarsjes: what is there not to love? The area is great for exploring, lots of nice","De Booming Baarsjes: what is there not to love? The area is great for exploring, lots of nice restaurants and bars tucked away around the corner (Bar Kaufman, Bar Spek, Rue de Sevres).  There is some great boutique shopping on the parallel street Jan Evertsenstraat and furniture/design shopping on Witte de Withstraat.  Also 2 renowned clubs within half a mile of our house (de Marktkantine and de School). Both of which are famous for their techno, deep house listings.","There are very good connections with both major stations Amsterdam Centraal and Amsterdam Sloterdijk.  Bus 18 stops in front of our house (stop Bestevaerstraat) and within 7-10 mins you will be at Centraal. Tram 12 and Tram 14, which go both to Amsterdam Sloterdijk and to the city centre (Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein, Museumplein). The stop is Jan van Galenstraat and is right around the corner from our house (2mins walk tops). Amsterdam Centraal and Sloterdijk both are 12-15 mins away from the airport Schiphol.",We expect you to treat our house the same way you'd like others to treat yours (well!) :-). No smoking inside allowed (asthma condition of owner).  No house parties or third party/unannounced guests. And please: No drugs of any kind!
