"Beautiful bright, stylish and spacious Suite with private facilities on the first floor of a typical monumental canal house.  The building is  located in the very heart of the old city centre of Amsterdam just opposite the famous Dam Square and Royal palace.  You will be surrounded by six huge windows with great city views of great historical houses with their cute gables. You will have your own private space and private access door to your exlusive accommodation. The Suite is 40m2","Fantastich licht en ruimtelijke Suite op de eerste verdieping van een typisch Amsterdams grachtenpand.  Omringd door 6 grote ramen met prachtige uitzichten op de mooie omliggende monumentale panden met hun karakteristieke gevels en het Koninklijk Paleis.  U heeft uw eigen toegangsdeur die wordt bereikt via ons prive trappenhuis tot uw Suite met eigen faciliteiten, zoals moderne badkamer met alle benodigdheden om uw verblijf zo aangenaam mogelijk te maken Your own super cozy Suite with private entrance and facilities such as kitchenette and comfortable modern bath room.  faciliteiten, zoals kitchenette met koffie en thee faciliteiten en flat screen tv en wifi. Centraal Station is slechts 5 minuten lopen van ons pand.  U bevindt zich hier in het bruisende stadshart, omgeven door de beste restaurantjes en winkelstraten en musea. De accommodatie is supergemakkelijk te bereiken en op vijf minuten loopafstand van Centraal Station.  Tevens vindt u openbaar vervoer direct voor de deur.  Als kl","Beautiful bright, stylish and spacious Suite with private facilities on the first floor of a typical monumental canal house.  The building is  located in the very heart of the old city centre of Amsterdam just opposite the famous Dam Square and Royal palace.  You will be surrounded by six huge windows with great city views of great historical houses with their cute gables. You will have your own private space and private access door to your exlusive accommodation. The Suite is 40m2 Fantastich licht en ruimtelijke Suite op de eerste verdieping van een typisch Amsterdams grachtenpand.  Omringd door 6 grote ramen met prachtige uitzichten op de mooie omliggende monumentale panden met hun karakteristieke gevels en het Koninklijk Paleis.  U heeft uw eigen toegangsdeur die wordt bereikt via ons prive trappenhuis tot uw Suite met eigen faciliteiten, zoals moderne badkamer met alle benodigdheden om uw verblijf zo aangenaam mogelijk te maken Your own super cozy Suite with private entrance and fa",We are located in the middle of the old city center close to all mayor attractions. The view from the windows promise some great views old canal houses and their cutest gables and the Royal Palace,all main tram lines and busses stop right out front the apartment building. The apartment building is located at a 5 minute walk from central station,smoking and drugs are strictly forbidden in our building.  Small pets are allowed upon request only and there is an additional charge.  For safety reasons it is not allowed to bring visitors to your room.  Only the guests that booked the Suite are allowed to stay. Its not allowed by local law to have more than 2 guests in each Suite.  There are penalties as high as 20.000 euro and we can lose our business so we are very strict on this.  For safety reasons we need to know exactly who is staying in the Suite.  Only in this way we can guarantee the safety of the house and its occupants The Suites and building have a very strict no smoking and no drugs policy.  In case guests ignore or violate our policies they will be asked to leave the accommodation without refund.
