"A beautiful, private and quiet apartment ( two rooms ) located in an origional Canalhouse of 1675 in the middle of the center on one of the most adorable en oldest canals of Amsterdam. Near to all the museums, restaurants, shops and theaters. Very close to the house there are supermarkets, a laundry and a dry-cleaner.","The authentic apartment is on street level in a monumental Amsterdam Canal House from 1675, with a view of one of the oldest and most beautiful areas of Amsterdam, the Amstelveld, Prinsengracht and Reguliersgracht. The apartment is 50 m2 and consists of the main room with a king size bed (180x200), a sitting area and a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge, coffee (Nespresso)/tea facilities. The pretty courtyard makes this an extra light apartment. On the backside there is a dressing room/office and the bathroom with a shower and toilet. You have free WIFI throughout and a flat screen Cable TV in the main room with a wide selection of local and international channels including some HD channels.    ","A beautiful, private and quiet apartment ( two rooms ) located in an origional Canalhouse of 1675 in the middle of the center on one of the most adorable en oldest canals of Amsterdam. Near to all the museums, restaurants, shops and theaters. Very close to the house there are supermarkets, a laundry and a dry-cleaner. The authentic apartment is on street level in a monumental Amsterdam Canal House from 1675, with a view of one of the oldest and most beautiful areas of Amsterdam, the Amstelveld, Prinsengracht and Reguliersgracht. The apartment is 50 m2 and consists of the main room with a king size bed (180x200), a sitting area and a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge, coffee (Nespresso)/tea facilities. The pretty courtyard makes this an extra light apartment. On the backside there is a dressing room/office and the bathroom with a shower and toilet. You have free WIFI throughout and a flat screen Cable TV in the main room with a wide selection of local and international channels inclu","You are in the heart of the city. The world famous Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, and the Stedelijk museum are only 15 minutes away. Just around the corner you will find the Utrechtsestraat and Rembrandtplein with lots of cafés, restaurants, shops, bars, cinemas and theaters. Close by is the Leidsestraat and Kalverstraat and the 9 Streets where the main Highstreet shopping is and the famous Flower market. The Spiegelstraat, loved for its many art and antique galleries and the PC Hooftstraat with its designer shops are very near. And let's not forget the Albert Cuypmarket where you can by vegetables, fruit, cloth and many other special things.","A couple of minutes walk away is the Tram number 16 and number 24 stop  'Keizersgracht' on the Vijzelstraat or the Tram number 4 stop 'Prinsengracht' on the Utrechtsestraat.  If you like to use the typical Amsterdam way of transport, there are bicycle rentals close by. However you are so central at this lovely apartment that you can explore all the center of Amsterdam by walking. The price of a TCA taxi or Uber from or to Schiphol is approx. € 45/€ 55, depence on the traffic.","Minimum stay is 2 nights. On special dates and high season minimum stay 3 nights. Smoking or burning of candles is not allowed in the apartment and the courtyard. No drugs. Although we love animals, we cannot allow pets. In case you use the courtyard, please respect our neighbours. The apartment is only meant for 2 people. We do not allow extra persons to stay."
