"Welcome at our Comfortable, Stylish & Cosy family house. Many specials: Outdoor Swimming (!); Lounge in the Master Bedroom with Fire-place; Relax at the Roof Terrace; 2 min from shopping centre & children playground, Bike in 15 min to the city-centre.","The house is very, very comfortable. Lounge in our Master Bedroom and read a book at the fire-place or watch a Movie via Netflix at our Apple TV. You can have breakfast at our Roof Terrace or BBQ in the evening. In the great industrial kitchen you can cook as a Chef. Work at the desk and use the iMac to go serving on the super fast internet. We have Glass Fiber Wifi in the whole house. Because of the perfect design your kids can play (loud) in one room and the parents can relax in the other(s). Simply turn our wireless lights on or off remotely.  Why not create a scene from the image of a dawn sun and turn the lights into your own personal sunrise? During the summer season you can swim across the road in the 'Binnen IJ'. Enjoy with all the other kids this great swimming area or go for a early swim.","Welcome at our Comfortable, Stylish & Cosy family house. Many specials: Outdoor Swimming (!); Lounge in the Master Bedroom with Fire-place; Relax at the Roof Terrace; 2 min from shopping centre & children playground, Bike in 15 min to the city-centre. The house is very, very comfortable. Lounge in our Master Bedroom and read a book at the fire-place or watch a Movie via Netflix at our Apple TV. You can have breakfast at our Roof Terrace or BBQ in the evening. In the great industrial kitchen you can cook as a Chef. Work at the desk and use the iMac to go serving on the super fast internet. We have Glass Fiber Wifi in the whole house. Because of the perfect design your kids can play (loud) in one room and the parents can relax in the other(s). Simply turn our wireless lights on or off remotely.  Why not create a scene from the image of a dawn sun and turn the lights into your own personal sunrise? During the summer season you can swim across the road in the 'Binnen IJ'. Enjoy with all th","This is the finest neighborhood in Amsterdam! It combines all facilities (shopping, restaurants, swimming, walking, running) with a quite atmosphere. Kids can play outside at the various play grounds. It is directly connected to the City-Center.",2 minutes from trams to be in the City Center in 20 minutes.,"Treat our house as if it is yours. No smoking, no drugs, no parties."
