"Dear all, Spacious, no smoking, 3 room apartment (75m2) for 1 or 2 holiday- or business travellers with no cleaning costs and free Wifi in lively area ‘Oud-West / De Baarsjes’. I am looking forward to meet you and tell you about Adam! Pieter","I am the first person who is living in this 3 room apartment since it has been renovated. The apartment includes; OVERALL IN THE HOUSE  - wireless internet  - no cleaning fee SLEEPING ROOM  - spacious room with a comfortable and cosy double bed - bedding - towels - washing machine LOUNGE ROOM - chesterfield couch  - books LIVING ROOM  - Couch  - tV and DVD player with DVD’s - X-Box 360 - music boxes OPEN KITCHEN WITH BALCONY  - fridge  - micro wave and oven - dish washer  - Nespresso machine - water boiler  - cooking facilities - plates, cutlery etc - pots, pans etc - dinner / work table BALCONY","Dear all, Spacious, no smoking, 3 room apartment (75m2) for 1 or 2 holiday- or business travellers with no cleaning costs and free Wifi in lively area ‘Oud-West / De Baarsjes’. I am looking forward to meet you and tell you about Adam! Pieter I am the first person who is living in this 3 room apartment since it has been renovated. The apartment includes; OVERALL IN THE HOUSE  - wireless internet  - no cleaning fee SLEEPING ROOM  - spacious room with a comfortable and cosy double bed - bedding - towels - washing machine LOUNGE ROOM - chesterfield couch  - books LIVING ROOM  - Couch  - tV and DVD player with DVD’s - X-Box 360 - music boxes OPEN KITCHEN WITH BALCONY  - fridge  - micro wave and oven - dish washer  - Nespresso machine - water boiler  - cooking facilities - plates, cutlery etc - pots, pans etc - dinner / work table BALCONY You have access to all rooms in the apartment Eather my or my partner will help you out during your stay. We are available for all questions. We are lookin",,"Distances: Tram 12 to Train station Amsterdam Sloterdijk (10 minutes, best connection to Schiphol airport) Tram 13 to Train staton Amsterdam Central Station Tram 12 to Train station Amsterdam Amstel (25 minutes) Furthermore: - close to a high diversity of shops (Kinkerstraat and Admiraal de Ruijterweg) - 5 minutes walk from steam cleaning services  - 5 minutes walk from lunch cafes and breakfast pubs - 10 minutes walk from a high diversity of restaurants - 10 minutes by bike from the city center  - 10 minutes by bike from Vondelpark and Westerpark - 10 minutes by bike from Leidseplein  - 10 minutes by bike from Van Gogh Museum and Rijksmuseum  - 15 minutes by bike from Central Station - 30 minutes by public transport from Schiphol Airport ---","My place is a non smoking place, not suitable for animals and parties. Thank you for respecting my guidelines. When you have booked my apartment, you will find more information in the details."
