This nice apartment is located in a quite street in walking distance from Jordan area. It has a light living room and a spacious bedroom with a comfortable bed. The balcony is at westside to enjoy the afternoon sun. The supermarket is 300m away.,"This light and cozy apartment is located in Amsterdam West, in the upcoming neighborhood Bos en Lommer. It’s a 10 minute bike ride away from the city center and the popular neighborhood Jordaan. You reach all the big sights in less than 20 minutes by bike.  The apartment is on the second floor in a quite street. A restaurant, supermarket, park and bus stop are only a 3 minute walk away.  The apartment has a light living room, modern kitchen, a spacious bedroom, a clean bathroom and a sunny balcony.  It has everything you need for a perfect stay in Amsterdam.  Living room: -Couch  -6 person dinner table -TV -WIFI Kitchen: -Stove -Microwave/oven -Dishwasher -Washing machine -Dryer Bathroom: -Toilet -Stink -Shower -Towels - Shampoo Bedroom: -Comfortable double bed Balcony: -Rocking chair This apartment is the perfect place for a couple to enjoy Amsterdam as a local.","This nice apartment is located in a quite street in walking distance from Jordan area. It has a light living room and a spacious bedroom with a comfortable bed. The balcony is at westside to enjoy the afternoon sun. The supermarket is 300m away. This light and cozy apartment is located in Amsterdam West, in the upcoming neighborhood Bos en Lommer. It’s a 10 minute bike ride away from the city center and the popular neighborhood Jordaan. You reach all the big sights in less than 20 minutes by bike.  The apartment is on the second floor in a quite street. A restaurant, supermarket, park and bus stop are only a 3 minute walk away.  The apartment has a light living room, modern kitchen, a spacious bedroom, a clean bathroom and a sunny balcony.  It has everything you need for a perfect stay in Amsterdam.  Living room: -Couch  -6 person dinner table -TV -WIFI Kitchen: -Stove -Microwave/oven -Dishwasher -Washing machine -Dryer Bathroom: -Toilet -Stink -Shower -Towels - Shampoo Bedroom: -Comfo",,The best way to get around town is by bike. You're always faster than public transport. There is a bike rental around the corner. There are also busses and trams around the corner to take you to the city center.,You can smoke on the balcony.  No pets allowed.
