"Spacious, light, clean, central, modern, arty, warm","This beautiful apartment is located in the Spaarndammerbuurt, next to the vibrant Westerpark and 5 minutes from the Jordaan area. Central Station is a 10-minute bike ride away. The whole building is completely renovated, but was originally built in the 1920's, in the so-called 'Amsterdamse School' style. Even though the area is close from the city center, it's very quiet and feels like a small village. It's perfect for a couple or 2 friends. The amenities include: - A large living room, fully furnished - A spacious bedroom with double bed - A smaller second study/bedroom for 1 - A fully equipped kitchen - A TV and DVD player - WIFI - Washing machine - Spacious bathroom with shower - Separate toilet - Lots of books - Lots of Marilyn Monroe :-) As a true globetrotter, I've often booked through Airbnb to my great satisfaction, so I would love to return the favor! I only rent out my place when I'm exploring the world or staying with family or friends, so unfortunately my apartment is not a","Spacious, light, clean, central, modern, arty, warm This beautiful apartment is located in the Spaarndammerbuurt, next to the vibrant Westerpark and 5 minutes from the Jordaan area. Central Station is a 10-minute bike ride away. The whole building is completely renovated, but was originally built in the 1920's, in the so-called 'Amsterdamse School' style. Even though the area is close from the city center, it's very quiet and feels like a small village. It's perfect for a couple or 2 friends. The amenities include: - A large living room, fully furnished - A spacious bedroom with double bed - A smaller second study/bedroom for 1 - A fully equipped kitchen - A TV and DVD player - WIFI - Washing machine - Spacious bathroom with shower - Separate toilet - Lots of books - Lots of Marilyn Monroe :-) As a true globetrotter, I've often booked through Airbnb to my great satisfaction, so I would love to return the favor! I only rent out my place when I'm exploring the world or staying with famil",,,"- Keep it clean - Always close the windows and lock the door when you leave - Don't light any candles - Try not to break or damage stuff. If you do, please replace them. - Don't use any personal belongings, besides books and kitchen equipment - Check-out: noon"
