Light spacious two storey apartment in a small charming apartment complex with a beautiful garden. The apartment has two comfortable bedrooms with double beds. The area is quiet and safe. The connection to the centre is very easy and fast by tram.,"Light sunny apartment on IJburg. IJburg consists of several artificial islands and is known for its modern architecture. The apartment is located in a cozy apartment complex ""Vrijburcht"" and is located on the second and third floor. On the second floor there are two bedrooms with in each bedroom a double bed. On the third floor is a spacious living room with an open kitchen. Next to the kitchen is a sunny balcony. The property has a courtyard where children can play safely and there is a café restaurant with a terrace on the water. In good weather you can swim in the water. The connection to the center is excellent. Tram number 26 is a 3-minute walk away and runs every 4 to 10 minutes.  Within fifteen minutes you are at Central Station.  One tram stop away is a shopping center. IJburg has several restaurants.","Light spacious two storey apartment in a small charming apartment complex with a beautiful garden. The apartment has two comfortable bedrooms with double beds. The area is quiet and safe. The connection to the centre is very easy and fast by tram. Light sunny apartment on IJburg. IJburg consists of several artificial islands and is known for its modern architecture. The apartment is located in a cozy apartment complex ""Vrijburcht"" and is located on the second and third floor. On the second floor there are two bedrooms with in each bedroom a double bed. On the third floor is a spacious living room with an open kitchen. Next to the kitchen is a sunny balcony. The property has a courtyard where children can play safely and there is a café restaurant with a terrace on the water. In good weather you can swim in the water. The connection to the center is excellent. Tram number 26 is a 3-minute walk away and runs every 4 to 10 minutes.  Within fifteen minutes you are at Central Station.  One ","IJburg is a group of artificial islands. IJburg is already discovered by many tourists who love the combination of modern architecture, water, nature, good restaurants and hip shops.",Tram 26 is the most frequent tram of Amsterdam; every four to ten minutes it's runs to central station.,No smoking Be quiet for the neighbors Extra lock the door when you leave the house Temperature of the heater low when you leave the house.
