"Stylishly refurbished almost hundred years old barge at unique location. Spacious, light, well-equipped. And we just completed a major overhaul this spring. Gigantic, sunny floating terrace. Close to center. Tram and bus stops and shops at 200 mtrs. Nice and safe neighborhood.","My house is in the former hold of the boat, now a spacious and light loft with two semi-separated bedrooms (each with a king or queensize bed) , bathroom with twin shower, livingroom with fireplace, kitchen. Further aft  is a romantic apartment for two, consisting of the wheelhouse and the old skippers home.","Stylishly refurbished almost hundred years old barge at unique location. Spacious, light, well-equipped. And we just completed a major overhaul this spring. Gigantic, sunny floating terrace. Close to center. Tram and bus stops and shops at 200 mtrs. Nice and safe neighborhood. My house is in the former hold of the boat, now a spacious and light loft with two semi-separated bedrooms (each with a king or queensize bed) , bathroom with twin shower, livingroom with fireplace, kitchen. Further aft  is a romantic apartment for two, consisting of the wheelhouse and the old skippers home. The loft and the aft apartment have two separate outside doors. If you want to combine them, an inside door can be unlocked. There are some stairs inside, one of them (the entrance to the skippers home) is rather steep (not high). You are completely free at the boat. Amsterdam Docklands is a nice, friendly, trendy neighborhood adjacent to the center of town. Famous modern architecture. At 200 meters from the ","Amsterdam Docklands is a nice, friendly, trendy neighborhood adjacent to the center of town. Famous modern architecture. At 200 meters from the boat you will find a small shopping center (2 supermarkets, deli, wineshops, fishmonger etc) and restaurants. Also a typical neighbourhood cafe where many of the 'boatpeople' meet, and that serves simple but good food as well.","Rent a bike (5 minutes to Central Station), you can safely park it at the boat. Tram 10 is 200 meters away, this takes you directly to citycenter (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Leidseplein). At 500 meter tram 26, that brings you to Central Station.",Feel at home! The boat is no-smoking; it is not a safe place for small children that cannot swim very well yet (so I cannot accept them on board unfortunately); no outside noise after dark (I have very good relations with my neighbors and would like to keep it that way!)
