,"This is my one bedroom, split storey apartment in Amsterdam -  in the leafy, quiet and central neighbourhood of Westerpark. The apartment has the following features: - three flights of stairs to the apartment door, although for Amsterdam standards not very steep or long, they are a bit narrow! - apartment is 65m2, bedroom is 12m2. - Bathroom with full sized bath, shower, wash basin and toilet - Hair dryer - Queen-sized comfy bed. Cotton bed and bathroom linen - Compact, sunny and fully equipped kitchen with Smeg stove, convection oven, dishwasher, fridge and separate freezer + clean, modern and matching glassware, cutlery and plates etc. - Espresso machine and kettle. - Large flat screen, cable TV with lots of international channels - Wifi (free) - Good cafes, grocers, a night store and supermarkets are all within a few blocks - Centrally located within a walking distance of  5 mins to Westerpark, 10 mins to Jordaan, 20 mins to Centraal Station.  - close to bus and tram stops that go t","This is my one bedroom, split storey apartment in Amsterdam -  in the leafy, quiet and central neighbourhood of Westerpark. The apartment has the following features: - three flights of stairs to the apartment door, although for Amsterdam standards not very steep or long, they are a bit narrow! - apartment is 65m2, bedroom is 12m2. - Bathroom with full sized bath, shower, wash basin and toilet - Hair dryer - Queen-sized comfy bed. Cotton bed and bathroom linen - Compact, sunny and fully equipped kitchen with Smeg stove, convection oven, dishwasher, fridge and separate freezer + clean, modern and matching glassware, cutlery and plates etc. - Espresso machine and kettle. - Large flat screen, cable TV with lots of international channels - Wifi (free) - Good cafes, grocers, a night store and supermarkets are all within a few blocks - Centrally located within a walking distance of  5 mins to Westerpark, 10 mins to Jordaan, 20 mins to Centraal Station.  - close to bus and tram stops that go t",,,"Guests are requested to be tidy and clean up after themselves when using the apartment facilities.  A 'normal' consideration for privacy, personal possessions and property is a given. Guests are expected to respect the neighbours' peace when coming and going. NO smoking in the apartment. Ok on the balcony. Key lock the apartment door when going out/ leaving. No parties or extra guests are allowed."
