"Our apartment is situated in OudWest, close to the Jordaan and famous Foodhallen. The apartment with private entrance is 130 m2 and has a large living/dining room, two large bedrooms, two terraces and ofcourse a fully equipped kitchen.","A just renovated, very light and family friendly 130 m2 apartment (two floors). The livingroom ensuite (45 m2) comes with a large sofa and cosy setting, looking over the square and entrance to the famous Foodhallen. En suite is the great dining room, ligthed by large windows to the patio in the back. On the second floor there is the masterbedroom and a large children's room (0 - 7yrs) which is also a great room to play in. Optionally a second double bed is provided in the room ensuite.  Each floor has it's own bathroom, one with shower/toilet and one with a bath/toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped. Free Wi-Fi access. Children's toys. Optional 1 bike with child seats (2 & 6 yrs old) 1 'normal' bike. Towels and bedsheets are included. Car upon request.","Our apartment is situated in OudWest, close to the Jordaan and famous Foodhallen. The apartment with private entrance is 130 m2 and has a large living/dining room, two large bedrooms, two terraces and ofcourse a fully equipped kitchen. A just renovated, very light and family friendly 130 m2 apartment (two floors). The livingroom ensuite (45 m2) comes with a large sofa and cosy setting, looking over the square and entrance to the famous Foodhallen. En suite is the great dining room, ligthed by large windows to the patio in the back. On the second floor there is the masterbedroom and a large children's room (0 - 7yrs) which is also a great room to play in. Optionally a second double bed is provided in the room ensuite.  Each floor has it's own bathroom, one with shower/toilet and one with a bath/toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped. Free Wi-Fi access. Children's toys. Optional 1 bike with child seats (2 & 6 yrs old) 1 'normal' bike. Towels and bedsheets are included. Car upon request. O","The apartment is very centrally located but still quiet. It's near the Vondelpark and Westerpark and you can walk to the museumdistrict. Moreover, the Jordaan with its beautiful canals is within a 5 minutes walking distance and the famous Foodhallen are just across our place. There are lots of nice restaurants and cafe's  around the corner, as well as the Ten Kate market where you can do your daily groceries. Supermarkets are also just a minute away.","Public transport is just around the corner. Central Station is 15 min away with public transport (tram) and the Schiphol Airport is only 15 min away by taxi or easy to reach by bus/ or by tram & train. Trams nr 7, nr 17, nr 3, nr 12 stop nearby (3 min)",No smoking (please use patio). No drugs.  No pets.
