"3 room apartment in Amsterdam West Spacious living room with open kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 balconies.","A spacious (85 m2) apartment on the first floor of a typical Amsterdam house dating from 1900. Completely redesigned and renovated last year to suit modern people's needs, with some original details (such as fireplace) preserved. The apartment is ideal for a family with kids, but would also suit 4 friends or a double couple.","3 room apartment in Amsterdam West Spacious living room with open kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 balconies. A spacious (85 m2) apartment on the first floor of a typical Amsterdam house dating from 1900. Completely redesigned and renovated last year to suit modern people's needs, with some original details (such as fireplace) preserved. The apartment is ideal for a family with kids, but would also suit 4 friends or a double couple. A spacious L-shaped living room with open kitchen a big dinner table, large sofa and 4 big windows overlooking the street. Open kitchen with 2 separate bedrooms at the quiet back side of the apartment, one with a double bed and the other with a bunk bed and sofa. 2 balconies (morning and evening sun); the big one at the back has a view of a beautiful garden. Bathroom with washbasin and large bathtub. Separate toilet. Also available: washing machine, dishwasher, espresso machine, WiFi The house is available for rent while we are traveling elsewhere, so as a rule, we w","De Baarsjes is an upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam Old West, not far from the city centre. It is quiet and free from mass tourism, but you will find everything you need here: from authentic local shops to trendy bars and cafes. 2 major supermarkets are just around the corner. It is a colorful mixed neighborhood, where a lot of middle class families live. Great parks and children's' playgrounds within walking distance.","The apartment is very well connected with the city centre and major tourist attractions. It will take you 15 minutes to the city centre by tram or bike. Trams 12 (to Museum District), 13 (to Central Station), and 14 (to Dam square) stop in front of the house. From Schiphol Airport, it takes 20 minutes by taxi ; alternatively, you can take a train to Amsterdam Sloterdijk Station and then tram 12.  On-street parking costs 21,60 for 24h card (Sunday free).",No smoking inside the apartment (you can smoke at the balconies) and no pets please.  Respect the neighbors.
