"This light & trendy apartment is centrally located and fully equipped for a city or business trip in full comfort. Close to the river Amstel, and only a stroll away from trendy neighbourhoods like 'the Pijp' and the upcoming 'East Area'.","The apartment was newly build in 2005 and meets all modern standards. Three big windows turn the living room into a very light and sunny place. One of these windows consists of two doors that can be opened to create a ‘French balcony’, which offers a great place for  breakfast or a coffee in the morning. At the back of the apartment there is  another balcony where you can sit outside to enjoy the evening sun.  The spacious living room is combined with a modern fully equipped kitchen and the bedroom contains a comfortable double bed. You will have full private access to the apartment and communication will be with me directly or one of my friends in case I am traveling. Guests will have private access to the whole apartment, including: • A TV with cable.  • Free Fast internet with WiFi.  • Towels, linen and hairdryer Just as you'd like to know a bit about me before coming to stay. I would  like to know a bit about you. Please complete your profile with some background info about yoursel","This light & trendy apartment is centrally located and fully equipped for a city or business trip in full comfort. Close to the river Amstel, and only a stroll away from trendy neighbourhoods like 'the Pijp' and the upcoming 'East Area'. The apartment was newly build in 2005 and meets all modern standards. Three big windows turn the living room into a very light and sunny place. One of these windows consists of two doors that can be opened to create a ‘French balcony’, which offers a great place for  breakfast or a coffee in the morning. At the back of the apartment there is  another balcony where you can sit outside to enjoy the evening sun.  The spacious living room is combined with a modern fully equipped kitchen and the bedroom contains a comfortable double bed. You will have full private access to the apartment and communication will be with me directly or one of my friends in case I am traveling. Guests will have private access to the whole apartment, including: • A TV with cable","This light & trendy apartment is centrally located and fully equipped for a city or business trip in full comfort. Close to the river Amstel, and only a stroll away from trendy neighbourhoods like 'the Pijp' and the upcoming 'East Area'. The location offers the best of both worlds – situated in an upcoming area in the East of Amsterdam where a lot of trendy bars, restaurants and clubs are popping up. And if  you exit the street on the other side you’ll find the Amstel River with beautiful views, house boats and terraces.","The apartment is located very close to the Amstel station, from there trains, busses and metro's ride to different tourist areas like Waterloopplein, Leidseplein, Museumplein or Nieuwmarkt. Metro ride to Central Station only  5 minutes. From Central Station you can walk to Dam Square in around 5 minutes. By bike you reach the center in +/- 10 minutes.  Touristic places outside of Amsterdam, like Volendam or the Hague, can also easily be reached by train and/or busses that leave from Amstel station.","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
