"This very light and cosy apartment is located in Amsterdam-west at a nice canal and has everything you need. The neighborhood is lovely, the famous Vondelpark is on walking distance and it's very close to the city centre.","The apartment features all the comforts you will need on a city trip: - Light, spacious Living Room - Bathroom: shower and toilet  - 1 bedroom with double beds (160x200cm)  - Fully equiped kitchen - canal view: watch the Boats go by.  - 2 min from the famous Vondelpark.","This very light and cosy apartment is located in Amsterdam-west at a nice canal and has everything you need. The neighborhood is lovely, the famous Vondelpark is on walking distance and it's very close to the city centre. The apartment features all the comforts you will need on a city trip: - Light, spacious Living Room - Bathroom: shower and toilet  - 1 bedroom with double beds (160x200cm)  - Fully equiped kitchen - canal view: watch the Boats go by.  - 2 min from the famous Vondelpark. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. Alexandra will let you in or will let you know where to pick up the key around the corner of the apartment. After that you can always call if you need any extra assistance. Amsterdam West is a friendly, vibrant neighbourhood that's got everything you'd want. (Food) Markets, cafés, bars, restaurants and boutiques (take a stroll through the Jan Pieter Heijestraat for example or visit the brand new Food Halls around the co","Amsterdam West is a friendly, vibrant neighbourhood that's got everything you'd want. (Food) Markets, cafés, bars, restaurants and boutiques (take a stroll through the Jan Pieter Heijestraat for example or visit the brand new Food Halls around the corner.",Trams 1 and 17 will take you to the city centre. Or you can rent a bike at the Overtoom which is a throwing distance from our house.,"Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment :-)"
