,"Light 74m2 apartment in the center of Amsterdam. The apartment has two bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom, kitchen, balcony and separate toilet.  The appartment is clean and tidy. We live here and As you might see in the pictures we love plants, books, and retro furniture, so the apartment is not suitable for those who want to stay in a place that looks like a hotel.  There is a kitchen you can use, fridge, stove, microwave and a Nespresso machine. We will leave some coffee behind for you.  The neighbourhood  we live in used to be an island, so there is a lot of water around which makes it a really nice neighbourhood to walk around. For example, walk to the Maritime museum, brewery  't IJ which sells great beers (lovely on a sunny afternoon), to Nemo (a science museum for children), Arits the zoo or Amsterdam Roest, a nice cafe with a small beach just across the water. All within five minutes walking distance.  There is also a supermarket just 50 meters away and a bus stop around th","Light 74m2 apartment in the center of Amsterdam. The apartment has two bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom, kitchen, balcony and separate toilet.  The appartment is clean and tidy. We live here and As you might see in the pictures we love plants, books, and retro furniture, so the apartment is not suitable for those who want to stay in a place that looks like a hotel.  There is a kitchen you can use, fridge, stove, microwave and a Nespresso machine. We will leave some coffee behind for you.  The neighbourhood  we live in used to be an island, so there is a lot of water around which makes it a really nice neighbourhood to walk around. For example, walk to the Maritime museum, brewery  't IJ which sells great beers (lovely on a sunny afternoon), to Nemo (a science museum for children), Arits the zoo or Amsterdam Roest, a nice cafe with a small beach just across the water. All within five minutes walking distance.  There is also a supermarket just 50 meters away and a bus stop around th",,,"We ask you to be carefull with our house, furniture, kitchen and equipment, if something breaks or if you lose the key, please let us know so we can do something about it. Please don't smoke in our house, and think of our neighbors."
