Our light and spacious apartment in the Old-West of Amsterdam is just one street away from the Vondelpark. We redecorated everything last year so everything is brand new. You will feel straight at home.,"Our apartment of 60 square meters is on the first floor has a fully equipped kitchen and a large terrace on the back side of the house. The living room has a 6 persons dining tabel but can easily fit 8 people. The living room also has a comfortable sofa and music installation. The  bedroom is on the quite backside of the apartment, so there is not noise coming from the street. We have one double bed, so there is plenty of space for just two persons. The apartment has a bathroom with shower.","Our light and spacious apartment in the Old-West of Amsterdam is just one street away from the Vondelpark. We redecorated everything last year so everything is brand new. You will feel straight at home. Our apartment of 60 square meters is on the first floor has a fully equipped kitchen and a large terrace on the back side of the house. The living room has a 6 persons dining tabel but can easily fit 8 people. The living room also has a comfortable sofa and music installation. The  bedroom is on the quite backside of the apartment, so there is not noise coming from the street. We have one double bed, so there is plenty of space for just two persons. The apartment has a bathroom with shower. You can have access to the entire apartment. And are able to use the wifi network. You can contact us for any questions by email or phone. We won't there during your stay. The street where our apartment is located is amazing, there are so many nice coffee bars and restaurants (Italian, Ethiopian, Asi","The street where our apartment is located is amazing, there are so many nice coffee bars and restaurants (Italian, Ethiopian, Asian, Moroccan) in our street.  We live straight above a organic supermarket  and there is a regular super market across the street. There is also a nice local market at 5 minutes walking distance. The local market is called: de Ten Katemarkt. The Vondelpark is just at the end of our street and we are within a walking distance from Leidse Square and Museum Square, on which the Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijks Museums are located.","Public transport is at both ends of the street. Tram 1 and tram 17 takes you to the city centre in five to ten minutes and to the airport in 20 minutes (stop over at train station Amsterdam Lelylaan). The easiest way to travel around the city is hiring bicycles. We have a bicycle strore in our street, where you can rent bikes for  few days.  Name of the store is: Wiel tot Wiel, Jan Pieter Heijestraat 154-160.",Please treat our home as it we're your own. We love all our hand picked furniture as so please treat it well. Preferable smoke on the balcony or with a window open.
