With two separate bedrooms (both double beds) and a large open living space this comfortable apartment is a great starting point to explore Amsterdam! The apartment is close to the city center (10 min biking) and very well connected through public transport. Enjoy!,"Welcome to my apartment in the East of Amsterdam. It has two separate bedrooms with double beds, a large open living area, bathroom and balcony. The apartment itself contains all utilities necessary to make your stay as comfortable as possible. There is plenty of room for 4 people. The apartment was renovated a few years back so everything is in good shape.  I am very internationally orientated, with a lot of family and friends living overseas. As a result I have toured many friends through the city and know what you need to make the most of your time here. I hope you will feel at home and enjoy your time here","With two separate bedrooms (both double beds) and a large open living space this comfortable apartment is a great starting point to explore Amsterdam! The apartment is close to the city center (10 min biking) and very well connected through public transport. Enjoy! Welcome to my apartment in the East of Amsterdam. It has two separate bedrooms with double beds, a large open living area, bathroom and balcony. The apartment itself contains all utilities necessary to make your stay as comfortable as possible. There is plenty of room for 4 people. The apartment was renovated a few years back so everything is in good shape.  I am very internationally orientated, with a lot of family and friends living overseas. As a result I have toured many friends through the city and know what you need to make the most of your time here. I hope you will feel at home and enjoy your time here The entire apartment is yours If I'm not able to help throughout your stay I will make sure there is someone around ","You will definitely want to see the center of Amsterdam, its beautiful. But its worth spending some time exploring the neighborhood I live in. The East of Amsterdam has become a very lively place throughout the last years. Places to note: Beukenplein, Javastraat, Linnaeusstraat. For all guests I have a list of places I recommend in the neighborhood.","The apartment is 10 minute walk from Amsterdam Amstel railway station. Amstel is one of Amsterdam’s main public transport hubs with trains, metro’s, buses and trams. Personally I would always recommend renting bikes over public transport.   As a general guideline, these are some travel time indications - 3 minute walk to nearest metro stop - 10 minute bike ride to the city center - Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein, Waterlooplein, de Dam, Nieuwmarkt (the main squares) are all reachable within 15 minutes on the bike - 12 minutes with public transport to Central Station - 30 minutes with public transport to Schiphol","General house rules apply to the apartment: No loud music, noise or other nuisance in the apartment, no smoking in the apartment or in the common entrance, no house parties, no persons permitted in the house except for the people who have booked (after midnight). Regarding cleaning; I will take care of cleaning so no need to vacuum or mop the floor but please make sure that the dishes are done and the garbage has been dumped in a trash container"
