Bedroom in modern apartment situated in 1 of the cosiest and oldest parts of Amsterdam – De Pijp (Quartier Latin). Modern equipment and 2 bedrooms. Comfortable for 1-3 persons. XL Supermarket and local transport to 3 trainstations and tourist attractions 1 minute walk,"Superlocation, spacious, modern, just renovated, fully equiped, cosy, sunny balcony, restaurants, cafe's, XLsupermarket, shops, most famous market (albert cuypmarket) and other tourist spots walking distance or with local transport - 1 minute walk. In the whole apartment wifi connection is available. In the shared kitchen you'll find all a modern kitchen asks for: dishwasher, coffee maker, kitchen machine, water cooker, 4-burner gas, oven / grill / microwave, fridge, freezer and toaster.The room is light and spacious and nobody can look into the apartment - so your full privacy is guaranteed. The room has a double bed and enough space for clothes and other belongings, it is about 3 x 4,25 m2. The laundry machine is in the bathroom in which you'll find the shower as well and there is a separate toilet, which avoids unnecessary waiting. The atmosphere of the apartment (73m2 / 786 sq feet) is light, airy and spacious. There's also a sunny flowery balcony facing south, with a table and 4 c","Bedroom in modern apartment situated in 1 of the cosiest and oldest parts of Amsterdam – De Pijp (Quartier Latin). Modern equipment and 2 bedrooms. Comfortable for 1-3 persons. XL Supermarket and local transport to 3 trainstations and tourist attractions 1 minute walk Superlocation, spacious, modern, just renovated, fully equiped, cosy, sunny balcony, restaurants, cafe's, XLsupermarket, shops, most famous market (albert cuypmarket) and other tourist spots walking distance or with local transport - 1 minute walk. In the whole apartment wifi connection is available. In the shared kitchen you'll find all a modern kitchen asks for: dishwasher, coffee maker, kitchen machine, water cooker, 4-burner gas, oven / grill / microwave, fridge, freezer and toaster.The room is light and spacious and nobody can look into the apartment - so your full privacy is guaranteed. The room has a double bed and enough space for clothes and other belongings, it is about 3 x 4,25 m2. The laundry machine is in the","The neighbourhood is one of the oldest of Amsterdam and most 'real' Amsterdam people would love to live here. It is one of the most wanted area's and is called De Pijp, which is also referred to as the 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam, with it's characteristic cosiness, quaintness, it's plenitude of cafe's, restaurants, terrasses, shops and greenery. Whilst close to the city center (10 minutes or less by local transport), you're away from the crowd and extreme busyness. It is also very close to Conference Center RAI. So, if you need a place to stay while working or visiting a conference, this is a convenient operating base.",1 minute walk and you have access to bus- and tram connections to all parts of the city and tourist places to visit. There is plenty within walking distance too!,"Just enjoy your stay! This apartment is not a permanent tourist outlet; it is my home. For a little while it will become your home; use it like you would use the home and goods of a dear friend and leave the home you would leave it for this very dear friend. ""That's all folks"" If you rent the place, you are expected to clean the apartment your self. There is a cleaning check in the end. Geniet gewoon van je verblijf hier. Dit appartement is geen permanent toeristenverblijf; het is mijn 'thuis'. Nu het even jouw thuis wordt; gebruik het zoals je het huis en de spullen van een dierbare vriend zou gebruiken en zoals je het voor diezelfde dierbare vriend zou achterlaten bij vertrek. ""That's all folks"".  Bij vertrek wordt je geacht het appartement schoongemaakt achter te laten."
