"Staying in Amsterdams countryside in a very quiet beautiful place with all the possibilites of cycling, sailing, skating and walking on just a few miles from Amsterdams sparkling city-center, in the garden of our monumental farmhouse.","Small Little House in the quiet and peacefull countryside, 15 minutes by car to the citycenter, 30 minutes by bike. Parking places on our own property. You can explore our nature by boat, bike or foot. Available for couple or small family.","Staying in Amsterdams countryside in a very quiet beautiful place with all the possibilites of cycling, sailing, skating and walking on just a few miles from Amsterdams sparkling city-center, in the garden of our monumental farmhouse. Small Little House in the quiet and peacefull countryside, 15 minutes by car to the citycenter, 30 minutes by bike. Parking places on our own property. You can explore our nature by boat, bike or foot. Available for couple or small family. Parkingplace, garden, barn to put your bikes, own frontdoor. Although we are living nextdoor with our family, the Little House will offer you a great feeling of privacy. We are available for any help and questions. Amsterdams countryside offers peace and quiet in a surrounding of birds, water, villages, and fields only 30 minutes away by bike. The closest busstop is called ""Liergouw"" of bus 37. This stop is at 4 km of our house. From Amsterdam Central Station take tram 26 direction IJburg and change at  "" Zuiderzeeweg"" ","Amsterdams countryside offers peace and quiet in a surrounding of birds, water, villages, and fields only 30 minutes away by bike.","The closest busstop is called ""Liergouw"" of bus 37. This stop is at 4 km of our house. From Amsterdam Central Station take tram 26 direction IJburg and change at  "" Zuiderzeeweg"" to bus 37 direction ""Molenwijk"". Just 1 stop, over the bridge ""Schellingwouderbrug"" is ""Liergouw"". Walk under the viaduct of A10 in direction Ransdorp, or take the bike track through the field. I can rent you bikes for 10€ each.","Smoking only outside, please ask for information before bringing your pet."
