"Live like a local! Experience (another) Amsterdam in Oost! This clean, bright and spacious renovated apartment on the third floor is located in Amsterdam’s upcoming trendy and lively multicultural neighborhood: Indische buurt.","The apartment has a: Television, surround system, dvd/cd/radio player, free Internet (Wifi), washer/dryer, iron and ironing board. Large bathroom. Very comfortable king sized bed (160cm x 200cm) in the quiet bedroom at the back of the building.   Fully equipped and spacious kitchen with gas stove, oven, fridge, freezer and dishwasher, is renovated and connected to the living room.  Sunny balcony next to the kitchen overlooking a large children’s playground and court.  Here you can enjoy the morning sun with a nice cup of coffee.  Everything you need to make your stay as comfortable as possible! The apartment is perfect for couples who are looking for a getaway as well as for people who are here for business and are looking for a place where they can focus on their work. We Hope you will enjoy Amsterdam and our apartment as much as we do!  INTERESTED? Please contact us by email for availability and we will get back to you, as soon as we can. All prices include: clean linen, fresh towels","Live like a local! Experience (another) Amsterdam in Oost! This clean, bright and spacious renovated apartment on the third floor is located in Amsterdam’s upcoming trendy and lively multicultural neighborhood: Indische buurt. The apartment has a: Television, surround system, dvd/cd/radio player, free Internet (Wifi), washer/dryer, iron and ironing board. Large bathroom. Very comfortable king sized bed (160cm x 200cm) in the quiet bedroom at the back of the building.   Fully equipped and spacious kitchen with gas stove, oven, fridge, freezer and dishwasher, is renovated and connected to the living room.  Sunny balcony next to the kitchen overlooking a large children’s playground and court.  Here you can enjoy the morning sun with a nice cup of coffee.  Everything you need to make your stay as comfortable as possible! The apartment is perfect for couples who are looking for a getaway as well as for people who are here for business and are looking for a place where they can focus on thei","Just 10 minutes away from the city centre (by bike) and all major tourist attractions, this apartment is conveniently located in a quiet street in close proximity of two popular parks: Oosterpark and Flevopark. Here you can have a relaxing stroll or go for a run, read a book or meet with friends for a barbeque Amsterdam style.  The Dappermarkt, Amsterdam's most popular fresh food market and named one of the top shopping streets in the world by National Geographic Traveler, is only 3 minutes away.  Within a short walk you will find an abundance of little shops and a wide selection of well-priced and  good quality restaurants and bars. A local cinema, cultural centre and theatre are just a 2 minute walk away.  Visit one of the many museums, music concerts or cultural festivals that are being held in this area regularly.  The Keti Koti Festival and the Amsterdam Roots Festival are some of the notable ones.","The best way to explore the city is by bike, but various public transport options to the city centre  (approximately 10-15 minutes) and other districts are available within a short walk.  Train station Amsterdam Muiderpoort is well connect with other cities in the Netherlands and is also in walking distance of the apartment.","Please note: No smoking, no pets, no elevator in this building. Paid parking is available in front of the building. No youngsters under 27"
