"A NEWLY QUALITY RENOVATED STUDIO with everything you need.  The small private B&B (Bed & Bath) studio has a comfortable bed 140cm x 200cm, a flatscreen TV with Netflix, a refrigerator and small freezer, Nespresso machine and kettle. The studio is not designed for cooking as there is no oven or microwave. There are many cafes and restaurants within minutes of the apartment for you to enjoy It is safe and secure with private pin, keyless entry","We look forward to hosting you in our newly built compact, comfy & central studio Bed & Bath Located on the second floor of a four story building on the Vijzelstraat, you have your very own private entrance using keyless pincode entry. I live next door but we don't have to share any spaces as the Bed & Bath is small but self contained. The self contained apartment is very safe and secure and I am available in case you need something.  Situated in the center of Amsterdam you'll find yourself within easy reach of most attractions in Amsterdam. Located on a road between two main canals you find yourself in the best proximity to shopping, museums, cafes & public transport Centraal Station 25 min Rembrandtplein 7 min Rijksmuseum - 7 min Utrechtestraat - 5 min This brand new Bed & Bath boasts underfloor heating,  a nespresso coffee machine with free coffee, cable TV and free netflix and customizable dim lighting There are two windows (with black out shutters) at the front can be opened to le","A NEWLY QUALITY RENOVATED STUDIO with everything you need.  The small private B&B (Bed & Bath) studio has a comfortable bed 140cm x 200cm, a flatscreen TV with Netflix, a refrigerator and small freezer, Nespresso machine and kettle. The studio is not designed for cooking as there is no oven or microwave. There are many cafes and restaurants within minutes of the apartment for you to enjoy It is safe and secure with private pin, keyless entry We look forward to hosting you in our newly built compact, comfy & central studio Bed & Bath Located on the second floor of a four story building on the Vijzelstraat, you have your very own private entrance using keyless pincode entry. I live next door but we don't have to share any spaces as the Bed & Bath is small but self contained. The self contained apartment is very safe and secure and I am available in case you need something.  Situated in the center of Amsterdam you'll find yourself within easy reach of most attractions in Amsterdam. Locate","The neighbourhood is in close proximity to all tourist attractions, the street contains a grocery store, pharmacy, nice bakery and good restaurants within 2 min walk",trams within 1 min walk,"The apartment is non smoking The apartment is not child friendly No pets allowed here, sorry"
