"- Living / bedroom with large and comfortable couch, dining table, flatscreen TV and a 2-persons bed - Fully equipped kitchen with dish washer, stove, microwave, refrigerator and coffee machine.  - Cosy and quiescent sunny inner garden of 30m2","The Apartment: - Living / bedroom with large and comfortable couch, dining table, flatscreen TV and a 2-persons bed - Fully equipped kitchen with, dish washer, stove, microwave, refrigerator and Nespresso coffee machine.  - Cosy and quiescent sunny inner garden of 30m2 with large and comfortable lounge set, plants and trees (sun from 11 AM till 19 PM). - Simple bathroom with shower and toilet  - Free Wifi  - Towels and linen included The Location  The apartment is located in one of the most vibrant and central areas of Amsterdam in the Old Pijp with numourous coffee bars, shops and cafe's around. The most Famous Albert Cuyp market is right in front of the street.  The Museum District (with the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum) and the Nightlife area around the Leidseplein are just a 10 minute walk away.  The Dam Square/Central Station are fifteen minutes away by public transport. In the Utrechtsestraat (5 minute walk) there are a lot of bars, restaurants and shops ","- Living / bedroom with large and comfortable couch, dining table, flatscreen TV and a 2-persons bed - Fully equipped kitchen with dish washer, stove, microwave, refrigerator and coffee machine.  - Cosy and quiescent sunny inner garden of 30m2 The Apartment: - Living / bedroom with large and comfortable couch, dining table, flatscreen TV and a 2-persons bed - Fully equipped kitchen with, dish washer, stove, microwave, refrigerator and Nespresso coffee machine.  - Cosy and quiescent sunny inner garden of 30m2 with large and comfortable lounge set, plants and trees (sun from 11 AM till 19 PM). - Simple bathroom with shower and toilet  - Free Wifi  - Towels and linen included The Location  The apartment is located in one of the most vibrant and central areas of Amsterdam in the Old Pijp with numourous coffee bars, shops and cafe's around. The most Famous Albert Cuyp market is right in front of the street.  The Museum District (with the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum","""De Pijp"" is a hip and lively neighborhood, where people from all over the world live side by side. The smells and colors come towards you in this area when you pay a visit to the Albert Cuyp market, the authentic restaurants, brown cafes and trendy catering. Neighborhood De Pijp is best known by the Albert Cuyp mark(e)t. This daily market exists for over 100 years and you can find everything here.  Food is a celebration in De Pijp. Nowhere there are so many different cuisines to be found, with so many trendy hotspots. There are also a lot of original shops. Beer lovers can visit the former Heineken brewery. The Heineken Experience tells the story of the beer brand and shows how beer was once brewed. Also, the well-known museums like the Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk and Rijksmuseum are just a 5 minutes walk from the apartment. As well as the RAI Congress Centre.","-There are many public transport options. Tram 3, 4, 12, 16, 24, 25 many bus-lines. Payed parking.  To Central Station -> tram 24, 16 or 4 From Central Station -> tram 24, 16 or 4 To Schiphol -> tram 24, 16 of 4 to CS and from CS there are several trains that go to Schiphol From Schiphol ->  several trains to CS and then tram 24, 16 of 4","No smoking inside, drugs or pets please.  Please treat our place respectfully and leave it like you found it. No parties or loud noise outside after 22pm."
