,"Welcome! We are offering you our very nice (bit 70's style) furnished appartment in Amsterdam Old South for rent. It is 80 square metres and has a living room from which you can look out over the garden. The garden is south facing and has a spacious veranda.  Of course, all kinds of facilities are available for you during your stay such as central heating, wifi and we have 2(!) dishwashers. We also have a nice designer kitchen and a good shower and bath.  The master bedroom has a double bed and in the smaller bedroom you will find a single bed (which you can also use for children; not possible to fall out)   The rent is relatively low due to our (easy going) cat Mary, you would only have to feed her and give her a bit of attention.  Our house is near the Vondelpark and tram 2 stops in front and takes you to everywhere you want to go in central Amsterdam in less than 10 min! Nice coffee corners and restaurants serving fresh food are only 100 meters away. For grosery shopping you can go ","Welcome! We are offering you our very nice (bit 70's style) furnished appartment in Amsterdam Old South for rent. It is 80 square metres and has a living room from which you can look out over the garden. The garden is south facing and has a spacious veranda.  Of course, all kinds of facilities are available for you during your stay such as central heating, wifi and we have 2(!) dishwashers. We also have a nice designer kitchen and a good shower and bath.  The master bedroom has a double bed and in the smaller bedroom you will find a single bed (which you can also use for children; not possible to fall out)   The rent is relatively low due to our (easy going) cat Mary, you would only have to feed her and give her a bit of attention.  Our house is near the Vondelpark and tram 2 stops in front and takes you to everywhere you want to go in central Amsterdam in less than 10 min! Nice coffee corners and restaurants serving fresh food are only 100 meters away. For grosery shopping you can go ",Lots of bars and good restaurants from 50 meters from our house.,Public transport is super easy. Tram 2 stops in 40 meters from our house and takes your through the center untill central station.,"No smoking inside the house, use our sunny veranda. :-)"
