"Very bright and charming apartment in a great little neighbourhood just 5 minutes away from the Vondelpark, Leidseplein and Jordaan area. Situated in a young and lively neighbourhood, near a local market, shops, little restaurants and breakfast/lunch places.  My neighbour will do the check in and she'll be available for all questions you might have. Enjoy your stay!","Very bright, fresh and beautifully decorated apartment just 5 minutes away from the Vondelpark, Leidseplein and Jordaan area. It is situated in a young and lively neighbourhood, near a local market, shops, little restaurants and breakfast/lunch places. It has a separate toilet and two balconies. Very comfortable and entirely renovated so the building is from 1900 but  kitchen/bathroom are all new. Recently fully renovated, on third floor so lots of light. Open kitchen/living room, big bathroom with shower, and one bedroom with balcony. Includes everything needed for daily life-- all linens, fully equipped kitchen, high-speed WiFi internet, utilities (excl telephone).  Amsterdam Oud West (Old West) is a friendly district which has coffee shops, trendy restaurants, cosy lunchrooms and gastro cafes on every corner. It's close to many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and the Van Gogh museum.  At the end of the street you'll find a daily fresh mark","Very bright and charming apartment in a great little neighbourhood just 5 minutes away from the Vondelpark, Leidseplein and Jordaan area. Situated in a young and lively neighbourhood, near a local market, shops, little restaurants and breakfast/lunch places.  My neighbour will do the check in and she'll be available for all questions you might have. Enjoy your stay! Very bright, fresh and beautifully decorated apartment just 5 minutes away from the Vondelpark, Leidseplein and Jordaan area. It is situated in a young and lively neighbourhood, near a local market, shops, little restaurants and breakfast/lunch places. It has a separate toilet and two balconies. Very comfortable and entirely renovated so the building is from 1900 but  kitchen/bathroom are all new. Recently fully renovated, on third floor so lots of light. Open kitchen/living room, big bathroom with shower, and one bedroom with balcony. Includes everything needed for daily life-- all linens, fully equipped kitchen, high-spee","This is the most trendy and pleasant neighbourhood of Amsterdam at the moment, over the last 5 years many new breakfast and lunch places have arised and there is a new cinema, a placed called De Hallen with all different kinds of food stands and the hood still keeps a residential character, it is not flooded with tourists yet. My own street, Bellamystraat, has been elected ""most beautiful street"" of Amsterdam many times because it is so cute and green and has little houses with gardens in front.",Very easy tram connection from train station 15 min and also from airport 5 min train then 10 min tram.,I do not want people who smoke pot all day
