"3 room apartment in Oud West close to the Hallen. Trams to central station and museum area stop right in front of the house. Lovely bars, restaurants, shops and Vondelpark just around the corner.","Lovely bright and comfortable 3 room apartment in booming Oud West with a large balcony. You can make use of the nice private bathroom with shower and toilet. The bedroom has a good 2 person boxspring. Next to the couch you will find a dining table, desk, tv and open kitchen with all utensils. Please feel free to use our Nespresso machine, water boiler, fridge, etc. You can make use of all our equipment such as the tv, WiFi, washing machine, dryer, microwave/oven. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place.","3 room apartment in Oud West close to the Hallen. Trams to central station and museum area stop right in front of the house. Lovely bars, restaurants, shops and Vondelpark just around the corner. Lovely bright and comfortable 3 room apartment in booming Oud West with a large balcony. You can make use of the nice private bathroom with shower and toilet. The bedroom has a good 2 person boxspring. Next to the couch you will find a dining table, desk, tv and open kitchen with all utensils. Please feel free to use our Nespresso machine, water boiler, fridge, etc. You can make use of all our equipment such as the tv, WiFi, washing machine, dryer, microwave/oven. I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place. Guests are invited to enjoy the whole apartment. Make yourself at home! If you have any questions about the apartment or if you need recommendations or neighborhood tips, please feel free to contact us during your stay.  We're always happy to help! We look forward to hosting you. Walking","Walking distance from the Foodhallen which hosts a food court, library, movie theatre and from time to time a local goods market. The apartment is close by the Vondelpark (7 minute walk) and conveniently based regarding tourist attractions.  In the area you can find the newest bars and restaurants. Within a 100 meters you will also find several supermarkets, biological stores, clothing boutiques and coffee bars (including Starbucks) etc.","Right in front of the house is the stop for tram 17 (to and from Central Station and Station Lelylaan) which will take you directly to Dam Square. Also tram 7 stops right in front of the house, taking you to Leidse Square and the Musuem area.  There is a taxi","House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
