"Want to live like a local during your Amsterdam visit? Cosy Apt in the ""Rivierenbuurt"", close to De Pijp, city center and RAI conference center. ",,"Want to live like a local during your Amsterdam visit? Cosy Apt in the ""Rivierenbuurt"", close to De Pijp, city center and RAI conference center.  This authentic apartment, centrally located in the Rivierenbuurt, is close to the most cosmopolitan and vibrant district of Amsterdam, De Pijp, a part of the Center of Amsterdam.  Surrounded by many boutique shops, great restaurants and both trendy as authentic Amsterdam bars, you are assured that you will not get bored. The young, old, students, artists, and families all have chosen to make De Pijp their home. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafes, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the famous Albert Cuijp Market, the Heineken brewery and the typical Amsterdam pubs located on almost every corner in De Pijp. The apartment is also close to the Amstel and the famous canals of Amsterdam!  Tram 4 and 12 stop right in front of the house and will take you to many places in t","This authentic apartment, centrally located in the Rivierenbuurt, is close to the most cosmopolitan and vibrant district of Amsterdam, De Pijp, a part of the Center of Amsterdam.  Surrounded by many boutique shops, great restaurants and both trendy as authentic Amsterdam bars, you are assured that you will not get bored. The young, old, students, artists, and families all have chosen to make De Pijp their home. De Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafes, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the famous Albert Cuijp Market, the Heineken brewery and the typical Amsterdam pubs located on almost every corner in De Pijp. The apartment is also close to the Amstel and the famous canals of Amsterdam! ","Tram 4 and 12 stop right in front of the house and will take you to many places in the center. The highway isn't too far away either as well as the trainstation Amstel (to Schiphol, The Hague, Utrecht).",- Respect the neighbours - No parties & no loud music after 22:00 PM - No smoking inside
