"This apartment feels like a summer house in the city. It's great to wake up with a view at t water and the boats, have a fresh coffee on the balcony, relax after a day on the road and this at only 12 minutes away from Amsterdam Central station!","BIENVENIDOS, BIENVENUE, WILKOMMEN, WELKOM, WELCOME to this Lovely and unique waterfront apartment. A great opportunity to feel at home away from home! A free ferry takes you from the Amsterdam Central Station, crossing the IJ-river to the lovely North of Amsterdam. The nice and quiet urban green area makes you feel relaxed right away. A seven minute walk along the riverside leads you to your Amsterdam apartment where you will enjoy a refreshing drink on the balcony watching the boats pass by and maybe even waving at a huge cruise ship leaving the dock. The cat Mitsubishi says hello and you feel right at home in Amsterdam! The Area The Apartment is located in the IJplein/ Vogelbuurt, a former shipbuilding area where, 30 years ago, architect Rem Koolhaas built apartments with green areas and water view for everyone. Nowadays “Amsterdam Noord” is being discovered by many artists and young entrepreneurs. Around the corner there is a big supermarket and some small local grocery stores. Ther","This apartment feels like a summer house in the city. It's great to wake up with a view at t water and the boats, have a fresh coffee on the balcony, relax after a day on the road and this at only 12 minutes away from Amsterdam Central station! BIENVENIDOS, BIENVENUE, WILKOMMEN, WELKOM, WELCOME to this Lovely and unique waterfront apartment. A great opportunity to feel at home away from home! A free ferry takes you from the Amsterdam Central Station, crossing the IJ-river to the lovely North of Amsterdam. The nice and quiet urban green area makes you feel relaxed right away. A seven minute walk along the riverside leads you to your Amsterdam apartment where you will enjoy a refreshing drink on the balcony watching the boats pass by and maybe even waving at a huge cruise ship leaving the dock. The cat Mitsubishi says hello and you feel right at home in Amsterdam! The Area The Apartment is located in the IJplein/ Vogelbuurt, a former shipbuilding area where, 30 years ago, architect Rem K",,,"This is your home away from home... A lovely cat is living with you, he needs some love and food and fresh water every day. It's a quiet neighbourhood so please take that into consideration. Just treat the apartment and surrounding with respect, as if it was your own.."
