Please note that 3rd persoon sleep on a singel bed in the office.,"Welcome ! Lovely, sunny and spacious apartment in the heart of Amsterdam /Jordaan (quite zone).  We Dereck and Melih living in this happy flat in the center. During our visit to our parents in France we hire our house out. The apartement  has an open furnished kitchen in the living room, a bedroom with a two persons  bed,  a bathroom with bathub/shower and laundry facilities, separate toilet, an office where u can enjoy our library and work peacfully ( a singel bed if needed), a sunny balkony to enjoy a coffee or a glas of wine. Apartment is not for partying as its in the quite zone of Amsterdam.     There is also: - Wi-fi internet for laptop/mobile. - Geneva Ipod Dok/Cd player. - Nespresso corner. - Clean towels. - Clean linens and pillows - A file with actuel information about concerts, festivals, opera's, exibitios and my favourite restourants in the town. The neighbourhood is ideal with lots of shops and cafes. You'll be staying at a very short walking distance from the Anne Frank'","Please note that 3rd persoon sleep on a singel bed in the office. Welcome ! Lovely, sunny and spacious apartment in the heart of Amsterdam /Jordaan (quite zone).  We Dereck and Melih living in this happy flat in the center. During our visit to our parents in France we hire our house out. The apartement  has an open furnished kitchen in the living room, a bedroom with a two persons  bed,  a bathroom with bathub/shower and laundry facilities, separate toilet, an office where u can enjoy our library and work peacfully ( a singel bed if needed), a sunny balkony to enjoy a coffee or a glas of wine. Apartment is not for partying as its in the quite zone of Amsterdam.     There is also: - Wi-fi internet for laptop/mobile. - Geneva Ipod Dok/Cd player. - Nespresso corner. - Clean towels. - Clean linens and pillows - A file with actuel information about concerts, festivals, opera's, exibitios and my favourite restourants in the town. The neighbourhood is ideal with lots of shops and cafes. You'l","Center! Easy acces to shopping street, museum district, Anna Frank House. Dam square 10 min walk distance.",from the central station u can get the tram 13 or 17 and the stop westermarkt/anna frank house is just 3 min distance.,- smoking only on Balkony. - please leave house tidy  - no very loud noice at late times  - let me know by phone if there are any issues
