"The apartment is newly renovated, spacious, modern, comfortable, clean, tidy and entire private. The appartment has a comfortable living space with open kitchen, a bedroom (with the a big comfortable double bed), bathroom, toilet and sunny balcony. The kitchen is fully equiped: gas furnance, combi-oven, dishwasher, etc. In the bathroom you find a walk in rain shower and sink, fresh towels, soap and shampoo are provided , toilet is separate.  You can make use of the free WIFI and there is cable televisions with a lot of international channels. The apartment is non smoking and pets are not allowed.  The neigborhood has many new bars, great restaurants, fashionable shops and young entrepreneurs opening their doors. The district has a rich architectural history, with much of the housing dating back to the 19th century.  The appartment is conveniently located to explore the entire city. The Metro line to all directions, is in3  minutes walk from the appartment building, brings you to the Da",,"The apartment is newly renovated, spacious, modern, comfortable, clean, tidy and entire private. The appartment has a comfortable living space with open kitchen, a bedroom (with the a big comfortable double bed), bathroom, toilet and sunny balcony. The kitchen is fully equiped: gas furnance, combi-oven, dishwasher, etc. In the bathroom you find a walk in rain shower and sink, fresh towels, soap and shampoo are provided , toilet is separate.  You can make use of the free WIFI and there is cable televisions with a lot of international channels. The apartment is non smoking and pets are not allowed.  The neigborhood has many new bars, great restaurants, fashionable shops and young entrepreneurs opening their doors. The district has a rich architectural history, with much of the housing dating back to the 19th century.  The appartment is conveniently located to explore the entire city. The Metro line to all directions, is in3  minutes walk from the appartment building, brings you to the Da",,,
