"Quest' appartamento elegantissimo si trova nella zona ""Vecchio Sud"". Un bel spazio, molto silenzioso ma anche nel cuore di uno dei quartieri più caratteristici di Amsterdam, a poca distanza del Vondelpark. E' un posto perfetto per scoprire la città!","The apartment has its own entrance. The design kitchen is great for those who love to cook. It has an oven, there's a separate microwave. The bathroom has a bath, for some good relaxation after a long day in the city. There is a washing machine. The outside patio / garden is quiet and private. You´ll have your very own place in a nice area in Amsterdam Oud Zuid (""Old South"") next to the beautiful Vondelpark.  Of course you'll have access to a wireless internet connection.  There's also an iPod docking station for music, compatible with iPhone 4 and 5.  Towels and bed linnen included. Once you've made your reservation, you'll get a detailed description how to get here (from the airport or central station).","The apartment has its own entrance. The design kitchen is great for those who love to cook. It has an oven, there's a separate microwave. The bathroom has a bath, for some good relaxation after a long day in the city. There is a washing machine. The outside patio / garden is quiet and private. You´ll have your very own place in a nice area in Amsterdam Oud Zuid (""Old South"") next to the beautiful Vondelpark.  Of course you'll have access to a wireless internet connection.  There's also an iPod docking station for music, compatible with iPhone 4 and 5.  Towels and bed linnen included. Once you've made your reservation, you'll get a detailed description how to get here (from the airport or central station). During your stay I will be staying at a friend's place nearby or I´ll be out of town. If you want I remain available for any questions or tips where you should go to! I absolutely love this area since I moved here, in 2012. Lots of nice restaurants and bars, only locals, tourists are ","I absolutely love this area since I moved here, in 2012. Lots of nice restaurants and bars, only locals, tourists are rare. ""Bar Franklin"" is just 30m from my place and serves the best cocktails. ""Van Mechelen"" is on the other side of the canal and is one of the new 'places to be', with a wide range of (Belgium) beers, it's a stylish industrial place in an old garage!  In the apartment you'll find a list of my favorite places in the area.","The apartment is close to public transport stops ""Surinameplein"" (tram 1 and 17), ""Overtoomse Sluis"" (tram 1) and ""Haarlemmermeerstation"" (bus line 15 and 197). FROM AIRPORT: It is quite easy to arrive at my place when you arrive at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport.  * Take the train to Station Lelylaan (takes about 8 minutes), take tram 1 or 17 for just two stops to Surinameplein or Overtoomse Sluis, then walk for about 5-7 minutes. * Grab a taxi at the airport (takes about 20 minutes in normal traffic). * Take bus line 197 to stop ""Haarlemmermeerstation"" (takes about 45 min) and walk 5-7 min to the apartment. FROM CENTRAL STATION: Take tram 1, direction Osdorp, or tram 17, direction Dijkgraafplein. In tram 1 you get out at stop ""Overtoomse Sluis"", in tram 17 you get out at ""Surinameplein"".  BY CAR: It is possible to park your car in the street, but it's quite expensive. A good option is to park your car in the Olympic Stadion Parking Lot where you pay about € 8 per 24 hrs (max. 72 hrs in a","I expect people to love my place like a do! I don't allow pets or smoking, but that's about it. I have a good relationship with my neighbours so I expect you to respect that and to not cause any trouble :)"
