"A lovely home in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Our cosy 2bed-room house with sunny garden, is situated in the northside of Amsterdam, in a nice & easy-going area, but only 7 minutes by bicycle/5 minutes by metro/underground from Amsterdam's sizzling city centre.","This place is perfect for families, who enjoy all the perks of a city, but like to explore the surroundings as well. We have two floors, the bedrooms and our bathroom are situated on the first floor.  With a green garden and a playground in front for the kids.","A lovely home in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Our cosy 2bed-room house with sunny garden, is situated in the northside of Amsterdam, in a nice & easy-going area, but only 7 minutes by bicycle/5 minutes by metro/underground from Amsterdam's sizzling city centre. This place is perfect for families, who enjoy all the perks of a city, but like to explore the surroundings as well. We have two floors, the bedrooms and our bathroom are situated on the first floor.  With a green garden and a playground in front for the kids. The whole house; - the living area,  - kitchen,  - both bedrooms,  - our basic bathroom and our  - sunny garden DETAILS bedrooms: We have one bedroom with a double bed and one bedroom with a bunk bed (adult-size) and a crib for a child between 0-4 years. We won't be home during your holidays, but our neighbour friend will welcome you, keep an eye and gladly help you on your way, if needed. The nicest thing about our little neighbourhood is that although it may feel like you","The nicest thing about our little neighbourhood is that although it may feel like you are in a nice friendly suburb, you are only 10 minutes away from Amsterdam's city centre. You will cross the water with the ferry (2 minutes!) and this adds to your holiday feeling, for sure. This part of Amsterdam (Amsterdam Nortside) is famous for its really cool restaurants/ bars near the water.","Our neighborhood has FREE parking! Although the best way to get around Amsterdam, is by bicycle (to rent everywhere!)- we have a very good public transport system. There are 2 buses going to the city's center (Central Station), every 10 minutes. The city center is only 3 stops away.",No pets or smoking in the house
