"My spacious one-bedroom apartment (70m2) is perfect for couples who want to explore the city. Or have a relaxed moment to hang out on my ridiculous big couch. It is located in a  quiet street. But fun, pleasure and culture are just footsteps away!","The living room and kitchen are set with some vintage design and second hand furniture and have a trendy, but cozy feel to them. You can enter the balcony through any of the doors in the kitchen and living. I love enjoying the sun there in the afternoon.  Both these rooms are really spacious, so you can enjoy your meals, there’s everything you need to prepare, in either the living or the kitchen.  The bedroom is quiet and bright with big windows. Do you want to sleep in after a long night? With the curtains you can obscure the light.   The bathroom is simple, but has everything you’ll need to get pretty and clean.  Needless to say, you can use everything in the house: the Wifi, all the kitchen equipment and chill on the balcony if you like.  Besides giving you a warm welcome, showing you the apartment and pointing out the local hot spots, I won't be around. But you can of course reach me on my cell phone. The apartment is on the first floor, in a small and quiet street. But everything ","My spacious one-bedroom apartment (70m2) is perfect for couples who want to explore the city. Or have a relaxed moment to hang out on my ridiculous big couch. It is located in a  quiet street. But fun, pleasure and culture are just footsteps away! The living room and kitchen are set with some vintage design and second hand furniture and have a trendy, but cozy feel to them. You can enter the balcony through any of the doors in the kitchen and living. I love enjoying the sun there in the afternoon.  Both these rooms are really spacious, so you can enjoy your meals, there’s everything you need to prepare, in either the living or the kitchen.  The bedroom is quiet and bright with big windows. Do you want to sleep in after a long night? With the curtains you can obscure the light.   The bathroom is simple, but has everything you’ll need to get pretty and clean.  Needless to say, you can use everything in the house: the Wifi, all the kitchen equipment and chill on the balcony if you like.  ","The apartment is on the first floor, in a small and quiet street. But everything your citytrip desires, is just footsteps away!  When you cross one end of the street you enter the lively neighbourhood the Jordaan. There is no district in the Netherlands which has so many of it’s own serenades, and every declaration of love is still evident.  On the other end of the street, you will come across Westerpark. This beautiful city park, with its historic factory buildings- surrounded by expanses of green is perfect for a picknick or party, and has many film, food, and exhibition facilities. Popular places like the Anne Frank house, Vondelpark, Museum Square, Leidse Square and district de Pijp are just minutes away by public transport, that’s around the corner. Or even better, more fun and healthier: you can rent a bike nearby and act like a local.","I'm sure that you'll agree that after your visit, the big city Amsterdam, will feel like a humble village.  Public Transport stops are around the corner, and trams and busses wil bring you quick and safe to all the other areas in Amsterdam.  Tram 3: brings you in 8 minutes to the museum square, for all the cultural highlights.  Tram 10: brings you in 7 minutes to the Leidse Square, for the buzzing nightlife of Amsterdam.  Bus 18 or 21: provide a short trip to Central Station, if you want to go back to the airport by train. If you are arriving, take any of these busses to, and get out at ‘Frederik Hendrik plantsoen’.  Bike rental: I can show you where to rent a bike. And can tell you some tips how to act local on them (most important one, watch out for the tram trails, and go fast!). If you’re more the lazy type, there’s a scooter rental close by too.",Without wanting to declay into a parental guidance lecture... Just treat the place like you would want your place to be treated.
