"FOR FAMILIES ONLY! Light family apartment on 3&4th floor, near city centre, near famous Vondelpark and Museumsquare. Good neighbourhood for kids. Huge playyard around the corner with basketball, football yard, sands, little babypool. Walking distance to Museum Square (Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum) is 15 minutes, with tram 5 minutes. We have 4 bedrooms,  1 kingsize ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) single beds size 90 x 200 cm and 1 single bed 90 x 210 cm. We have 1 cat of whom you take care + 2 aquariums.","Light family apartment on 3&4th floor, near city centre, 10 min tram, near Vondelpark. Perfect house and neighbourhood for kids. Families only, maximum 2 adults! Huge playyard around the corner with basketball, football yard, sand for little kids, little babypool in summer, etc. Restaurants, bars, groceries, bike rental, supermarket, butcher, all around the corner. Also public transport only walk to the Overtoom, 2 minutes away. 4 bedrooms, up to 3 kids + 2 adults. Thank you for taking care of our cat and fishes! Appartamento bello luminoso a due piani, solo per famiglie!, 120 m2, in quartiere vicino al centro, al Vondelpark per fare passeggiate e footing, all'angolo di un parco gioco perfetto, quartiere e appartamento ideale per famiglie con max 3 bambini. Supermercato, macellaio, fruttivendolo, tutto c'è vicino a casa. Grazie per dare da mangiare al nostro gatto adorabile che si chiama Pepsi.","FOR FAMILIES ONLY! Light family apartment on 3&4th floor, near city centre, near famous Vondelpark and Museumsquare. Good neighbourhood for kids. Huge playyard around the corner with basketball, football yard, sands, little babypool. Walking distance to Museum Square (Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum) is 15 minutes, with tram 5 minutes. We have 4 bedrooms,  1 kingsize ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) single beds size 90 x 200 cm and 1 single bed 90 x 210 cm. We have 1 cat of whom you take care + 2 aquariums. Light family apartment on 3&4th floor, near city centre, 10 min tram, near Vondelpark. Perfect house and neighbourhood for kids. Families only, maximum 2 adults! Huge playyard around the corner with basketball, football yard, sand for little kids, little babypool in summer, etc. Restaurants, bars, groceries, bike rental, supermarket, butcher, all around the corner. Also public transport only walk to the Overtoom, 2 minutes away. 4 bedrooms, up to 3 kids + 2 adults. Thank you for taking care of o","Huge playyard around the corner with basketball, football yard, sand for little kids, little babypool in summer, etc. Restaurants, bars, groceries, bike rental, supermarket, butcher, all around the corner. Also public transport only walk to the Overtoom, 2 minutes away.","Tram no 1 from Central Station, stop: Rhijnvis Feithstraat.","Please take off shoes when inside the appartment and mind our neighbours, especially coming home after 9 p.m. or leaving before 9 a.m."
