We offer you our nice and bright houseboat with 3 bedrooms in the area 'Westerpark' in Amsterdam (10 minutes by foot from the Central Station).  We recently replaced our 'old' boat for a brand newly built 'watervilla'. There is a large roofterrace which you can reach from the kitchen. The house is particularly suitable for families. See the pictures for yourself!,"Staying on a houseboat is a true unique experience in itself. You can see the swans through the kitchenwindow while your making breakfast and you can watch the little boats go by while your drinking wine on the roof. Besides that, our boat has all the modcoms you need. It is a bright, colourful houseboat where we enjoy living very  much!","We offer you our nice and bright houseboat with 3 bedrooms in the area 'Westerpark' in Amsterdam (10 minutes by foot from the Central Station).  We recently replaced our 'old' boat for a brand newly built 'watervilla'. There is a large roofterrace which you can reach from the kitchen. The house is particularly suitable for families. See the pictures for yourself! Staying on a houseboat is a true unique experience in itself. You can see the swans through the kitchenwindow while your making breakfast and you can watch the little boats go by while your drinking wine on the roof. Besides that, our boat has all the modcoms you need. It is a bright, colourful houseboat where we enjoy living very  much! Our guests have acces to everything. You can also use our bikes and our Museum Year Card, which will give you free entrance to all the Dutch Museums, including the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and Anne Frankhouse (we have two adultcards and two cards for children). We will be away while you'r","We live in the historical center of Amsterdam in the so called 'Westerpark' area. It's a nice and lively neighboourhood with everything you need nearby. The best thing about this area is the 'Culturepark Westergasfabriek', a parc where many events are held, with nice coffeeplaces, restaurants and even a cinema.",There is a tram and busstop within a few minutes by foot. The Central Station can be reached on foot (10 minutes),"We expect you to treat our boat as it is your own, and enjoy it as we do!"
