"Dear guest, Feel welcome in our cozy new ground floor apartment in the nice area of Amsterdam East. Within 10 minutes of the city center of Amsterdam, this app. offers all the facilities needed for a nice holiday; a warm house with beautifull garden! The house is equiped to host 2 adults and 2 children!","Our Cozy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building in the popular neighborhood ‘Indische buurt’. The apartment: Includes a comfortable bedroom with a lovely double bed and a cradle for a new born , a renovated bathroom (including a bath!) and toilet. Connected to the livingroom you will find a kids'  bedroom (includes a cot), which can be used for up to 2 adults (need to bring your own air matress). The living room is nice and cozy and includes  all the facilities needed as in: a big nice couch, flat screen television with digital function, and dining table. The kitchen which is part of the living room looks out on our nice garden. The kitchen has a nespresso coffee machine, water boiler, refrigerator, furnace and an oven. Free wifi is available for all our guests!","Dear guest, Feel welcome in our cozy new ground floor apartment in the nice area of Amsterdam East. Within 10 minutes of the city center of Amsterdam, this app. offers all the facilities needed for a nice holiday; a warm house with beautifull garden! The house is equiped to host 2 adults and 2 children! Our Cozy and comfortable apartment on the ground floor of a typical Amsterdam building in the popular neighborhood ‘Indische buurt’. The apartment: Includes a comfortable bedroom with a lovely double bed and a cradle for a new born , a renovated bathroom (including a bath!) and toilet. Connected to the livingroom you will find a kids'  bedroom (includes a cot), which can be used for up to 2 adults (need to bring your own air matress). The living room is nice and cozy and includes  all the facilities needed as in: a big nice couch, flat screen television with digital function, and dining table. The kitchen which is part of the living room looks out on our nice garden. The kitchen has a n","Indische Buurt (""Indies Neighbourhood"") is a neighbourhood in the eastern part of the city of Amsterdam, in the Dutch province of Noord-Holland. The name dates from the early 20th century, and is derived from the fact that the neighborhood's streets are named after islands and other geographical concepts in the former Dutch colony of the Dutch East Indies. The first street was named in 1902. De Indische buurt is brimming with fantastic cafés, culinary restaurants, coffee shops and bars.","It will take about 15 minutes by foot to get to the center of Amsterdam. You will also be able to take the tram or bus, stops are only a three minutes walk from the apartment. The Flevopark and the Oosterpark are just around the corner. You will make it to the highway (A1, A2 and Ring A10) in just a couple of minutes and the Muiderpoort station is just around the corner.  The most easy and fun way to sightsee Amsterdam is by bike (during july and august we will give you our bikes for free). You can rent bikes everywhere in Amsterdam. Within 10 minutes by bike you'll be in the city center.","Dear guest, We'll invite you in the way we would like to be invited. The whole apartment is non smoking. You can smoke outside in our garden. (Consideration for the neighbors is required). You can use all kind of machines and everything inside but use it properly. If anything doesn't work ask us."
