"Our (real) home is available in the centre of Amsterdam when we are travelling. Walking distance to all tourist attractions but in a quiet and safe corner. It is very cosy, has a great energy and wonderful surroundings. We are glad to welcome you!","In the spirit of shared economy, we share our real home. It has our positive, loving vibes. It is also in the centre but in a quiet area. Our apartment is in the second floor of a stylish old-Amsterdam building. It is located in a very cool neighborhood full with restaurants, cafes, and very close to parks, street markets, museums, university, botanical garden, local brewery, Amstel river... where you can enjoy the daily routine of the city (which has much more to offer than the typical highlights) and feel as a real Amsterdammer (inhabitant of Amsterdam).","Our (real) home is available in the centre of Amsterdam when we are travelling. Walking distance to all tourist attractions but in a quiet and safe corner. It is very cosy, has a great energy and wonderful surroundings. We are glad to welcome you! In the spirit of shared economy, we share our real home. It has our positive, loving vibes. It is also in the centre but in a quiet area. Our apartment is in the second floor of a stylish old-Amsterdam building. It is located in a very cool neighborhood full with restaurants, cafes, and very close to parks, street markets, museums, university, botanical garden, local brewery, Amstel river... where you can enjoy the daily routine of the city (which has much more to offer than the typical highlights) and feel as a real Amsterdammer (inhabitant of Amsterdam). - A livingroom with a super cloud couch that will just trap you for a sweet nap and a TV just to kill a couple of neurons. - An open kitchen with fridge, microwave/oven, air extractor, blen","It is located in a very cool neighborhood full with restaurants, cafes, and very close to parks, street markets, museums, university, botanical garden, local brewery, Amstel river... where you can enjoy the daily routine of the city (which has much more to offer than the typical highlights) and feel as a real Amsterdammer (inhabitant of Amsterdam).","It is a few meters from Weesperplein station (Metro 51, 53, 54 and Tram 7 and 10). But you can also walk or bike everywhere, since the apartment is in the center Amsterdam.  The best way to get to the apartment from the airport is by train to Central Station. There are trains every 20 minutes. At the Central Station take de metro departing from there (any metro departing will do it) to metro station Weesperplein, that is 3 stations from Central. In Weesperplein walk along the Sarphatistraat towards the East and there you go!  Check the address in (Hidden by Airbnb) maps for a better idea. ","In  general we are really cool people but the spirit of Carlos' lovely grandma (Chichi) is also very protective and nags a lot! You will find pictures of Chichi, the Nagging Granny (CNG) in those places where you need to pay attention to something special.   Please don´t smoke in the apartment, not even at the windows. Lately we had to implement a 100€ fine for smoking. Sorry :(  Please bear in mind that this is a residential building, be quiet in the common areas and be nice to our neighbours. You can party a lot in Amsterdam, but, please, not in the apartment. Keep safety at all costs, regarding fire, open windows and doors, water leakages etc. Chichi is a rocker, not a smoker...Sadly, again, we don't smoke inside the apartment, so you will have to go for a walk! We also have a nice wooden floor, so please take your shoes off inside the apartment and avoid dragging your wheeled luggage. Additionally keep loudness to a level that is manageable by our neighbours, they are really nice p"
