,"This nicely furnished, newly renovated apt  is very sunny, and spacious with 8 windows. The appliances are fairly new. There are two flat screen TVs, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, laptop computer, Wi-fi, and high speed internet as well as a printer. The floors are wood thru out the apt. The large living room and bedroom are separated by a nice corridor.The living room has two sofas, and is very comfortable. Doors in all rooms, and lots of privacy. Lots of books and CDs. There is a bathroom with a tub, and a separate toilet. We have a new wood burning fireplace in the living room. Wonderful views of the Keizersgracht Canal and Wester Church in front, and trees and gardens in back. The apt is in a historic area, as well as a very convenient one. It is two blocks from the Anne Frank House. The neighborhood is filled with cafes, and restaurants, with a supermarket next door. There are also neighborhood shops like a laundry, cheese shop, etc. We are a few blocks from the Dam.  There a","This nicely furnished, newly renovated apt  is very sunny, and spacious with 8 windows. The appliances are fairly new. There are two flat screen TVs, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, laptop computer, Wi-fi, and high speed internet as well as a printer. The floors are wood thru out the apt. The large living room and bedroom are separated by a nice corridor.The living room has two sofas, and is very comfortable. Doors in all rooms, and lots of privacy. Lots of books and CDs. There is a bathroom with a tub, and a separate toilet. We have a new wood burning fireplace in the living room. Wonderful views of the Keizersgracht Canal and Wester Church in front, and trees and gardens in back. The apt is in a historic area, as well as a very convenient one. It is two blocks from the Anne Frank House. The neighborhood is filled with cafes, and restaurants, with a supermarket next door. There are also neighborhood shops like a laundry, cheese shop, etc. We are a few blocks from the Dam.  There a",,,"The building is a quiet building, so please don't make noise in the evening.Thank you."
