"Spacious houseboat in Amsterdam, suitable for families/kids, couples. Close to Amsterdam woods. It is our main home, so we hope you treat it nicely! No smoking, no pets. 15 mins cycling distance from the city center, 10 mins from the famous Vondelpark, in a lovely area of Amsterdam, with access to the Amsterdam woods. For longer stays (2 weeks +) in summer - inquire about special rates!","No groups seeking to party in Amsterdam (sorry..), the house is suited for families or couples. The house is non-smoking. Lovely wooden houseboat of 180 m2 in the south of Amsterdam,  close to City Centre (±15-20 mins by bicycle, bus or tram) as well as to the Amsterdam woods. There are four bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (one with bath, both with shower and toilet) and one additional separate toilet.  Modern kitchen, livingroom with flatscreen and WII. There are lots of toys for children of various ages. Also (mostly English and Dutch, some French) books and a guitar. The boat has two floors; downstairs 3 bedrooms (one of which has doors opening to a small sundeck), one bathroom, a separate toilet, and the kitchen (60 m2), with doors opening to the small garden (40 m2). The second floor has the living room, one bedroom and a small bathroom en-suite. The livingroom opens to the rooftop terrace (50 m2, fenced), and the bedroom opens to a small balcony, which is cosy and looks out across other ho","Spacious houseboat in Amsterdam, suitable for families/kids, couples. Close to Amsterdam woods. It is our main home, so we hope you treat it nicely! No smoking, no pets. 15 mins cycling distance from the city center, 10 mins from the famous Vondelpark, in a lovely area of Amsterdam, with access to the Amsterdam woods. For longer stays (2 weeks +) in summer - inquire about special rates! No groups seeking to party in Amsterdam (sorry..), the house is suited for families or couples. The house is non-smoking. Lovely wooden houseboat of 180 m2 in the south of Amsterdam,  close to City Centre (±15-20 mins by bicycle, bus or tram) as well as to the Amsterdam woods. There are four bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (one with bath, both with shower and toilet) and one additional separate toilet.  Modern kitchen, livingroom with flatscreen and WII. There are lots of toys for children of various ages. Also (mostly English and Dutch, some French) books and a guitar. The boat has two floors; downstairs 3 bedro","The houseboat lies in an area with ± 200 houseboats, which feels like a little village in the city. There are a running track and soccer fields 20 metres from the boat, and a kids play area. In summer you can swim right off the boat, in winter when there is ice, you can skate from the boat.","Public transport (tram, bus, metro) is at 7-10 mins walk. Parking near the house is not for free. Best way to get around is on bicycle or public transport.","We love our home and expect our guests to treat our home respectfully, no smoking and no pets please."
