"This fantastic canal house offers everything you need. Space (more than 300 square mtrs), at a quiet canal street opposite the Hermitage and next to the Amstel river. But also, in the heart of the city with most city attractions on walking distance!","Entire house in the city centre of Amsterdam right across the Hermitage with a splendid view over the Amstel.  The Canal House: - 5 floors, 260m2 - 3 bedrooms with double beds and a loft (child beds available) - 2 bathrooms and a sauna - large, fully-equipped kitchen (1st floor) - large living-room with fireplace - roof terrace - patio - own entrance - own parking space in the weekend (30 euro p.d.) at 100 mtrs. Specials: In the heart of the city with a view on the Nieuwe Herengracht, the Hermitage, the Amstel River and the famous Suskind - and Magere Bridge 5 minutes from: - tram, metro directly to Central Station - Rembrandtsquare - Waterlooplein (flea market) - Hermitage - Flower market - Red light district - Kalverstraat and Dam Square Practicalities: - TV with DVD player  - Free WiFi internet  - Linen, towels  - Own washing machine, dryer & iron  - Tea, sugar & coffe provided (first needs)  - First Dutch beers are in the fridge waiting for you...","This fantastic canal house offers everything you need. Space (more than 300 square mtrs), at a quiet canal street opposite the Hermitage and next to the Amstel river. But also, in the heart of the city with most city attractions on walking distance! Entire house in the city centre of Amsterdam right across the Hermitage with a splendid view over the Amstel.  The Canal House: - 5 floors, 260m2 - 3 bedrooms with double beds and a loft (child beds available) - 2 bathrooms and a sauna - large, fully-equipped kitchen (1st floor) - large living-room with fireplace - roof terrace - patio - own entrance - own parking space in the weekend (30 euro p.d.) at 100 mtrs. Specials: In the heart of the city with a view on the Nieuwe Herengracht, the Hermitage, the Amstel River and the famous Suskind - and Magere Bridge 5 minutes from: - tram, metro directly to Central Station - Rembrandtsquare - Waterlooplein (flea market) - Hermitage - Flower market - Red light district - Kalverstraat and Dam Square ",,"All metrolines stop at ""Waterlooplein"", which is less than 10 minutes from Amsterdam Central Station. From there, it is a 2-minute walk.",
