"Very nice apartment suitable for 2 persons;  our place is located near the vondelpark in a living area with lots of shops, bars and restaurants.  Only 5 minutes from the centre by bike. You'll be sleeping heavenly in the kingsize bed! ","Our place is unique because our house is located on the canals. We have a small balcony on the front overviewing the water and houseboats. Sitting there gives you the ultimate ''amsterdam feeling''. On the other side of the house we have a big balcony, with a view on the patio. There's a table, a bench and a hammock there. It's the perfect place to escape from the crowds and noises of Amsterdam during summer. Our place is located in a very living area, with lots of bars, restaurant, shops and a daily market. Also, the famous Vondelparc is only a 5 minutes walk! Public transport is close by, but we are also close enough to the city centre, to explore the sights and museums on foot. ","Very nice apartment suitable for 2 persons;  our place is located near the vondelpark in a living area with lots of shops, bars and restaurants.  Only 5 minutes from the centre by bike. You'll be sleeping heavenly in the kingsize bed!  Our place is unique because our house is located on the canals. We have a small balcony on the front overviewing the water and houseboats. Sitting there gives you the ultimate ''amsterdam feeling''. On the other side of the house we have a big balcony, with a view on the patio. There's a table, a bench and a hammock there. It's the perfect place to escape from the crowds and noises of Amsterdam during summer. Our place is located in a very living area, with lots of bars, restaurant, shops and a daily market. Also, the famous Vondelparc is only a 5 minutes walk! Public transport is close by, but we are also close enough to the city centre, to explore the sights and museums on foot. Guests will have acces to the living room, bed room, kitchen, bathroom and","The neighborhood is new, young and upcoming. There are many quirky things happening, there's a really good ambiance without things getting as crowded as the city centre",we have two trams that stop close by. You can easily get here from Schiphol Airport or Amsterdam Central Train Station,"In my apartment no smoking and no pets are allowed. Also, for the neighbours not to much noise would be appreciated."
