"Central & Charming with Canal View ★ Free WiFi included ★ Complimentary tea and coffee ★ Sheets, towels and toiletries included ★ In the old city centre ★ EVERYTHING WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE: Nieuwmarkt, Dam Square, Waterlooplein, Rembrandtplein & much more! The apartment is right in the centre of Amsterdam, with a large south-facing balcony with a beautiful canal view. The apartment is shared with 1 person (young professional).","You bedroom has french doors that open on to the balcony that has a beautiful canal view. There's a comfortable queen size bed with a pillow top for extra comfort and   towels and bedding are provided.  The kitchen is bright and fully equipped and you are welcome to use it during your stay! It's just a few minutes walk to Nieuwmarkt and Rembrandtplein. Close to central station ( 1km), and metro and bus stops. There are a number of restaurants in the street and a fantastic cocktail bar! We are happy to help you get around and suggest some of our favourite Amsterdam spots! Shared toilet and bathroom on the same floor. The modern bathroom has  recently been renovated and features a high water pressure rain shower and toiletries. You are welcome to smoke on the balcony, but no smoking in the house.","Central & Charming with Canal View ★ Free WiFi included ★ Complimentary tea and coffee ★ Sheets, towels and toiletries included ★ In the old city centre ★ EVERYTHING WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE: Nieuwmarkt, Dam Square, Waterlooplein, Rembrandtplein & much more! The apartment is right in the centre of Amsterdam, with a large south-facing balcony with a beautiful canal view. The apartment is shared with 1 person (young professional). You bedroom has french doors that open on to the balcony that has a beautiful canal view. There's a comfortable queen size bed with a pillow top for extra comfort and   towels and bedding are provided.  The kitchen is bright and fully equipped and you are welcome to use it during your stay! It's just a few minutes walk to Nieuwmarkt and Rembrandtplein. Close to central station ( 1km), and metro and bus stops. There are a number of restaurants in the street and a fantastic cocktail bar! We are happy to help you get around and suggest some of our favourite Amsterd",,,Smoking only on the balcony. Consider our neighbours: Please keep down the noise after 11 during the week and after 12 during the weekends.
