Studio room located on the ground floor of our house. The room was recently renovated and has a private entrance and sunny garden.  We live next to the Vondelpark and the city centre is nearby (7 min by tram).,"Recently renovated with fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with toilet and shower. Private sunny garden. Private entrance. Wooden flooring. TV/DVD and free WIFI. Lay-out: entrance on ground floor. Hall, private bathroom with toilet, shower and sink. Lovely living area with double bed. Kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, microwave/oven, gas-cooking, nespresso machine. Access to the sunny garden.","Studio room located on the ground floor of our house. The room was recently renovated and has a private entrance and sunny garden.  We live next to the Vondelpark and the city centre is nearby (7 min by tram). Recently renovated with fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with toilet and shower. Private sunny garden. Private entrance. Wooden flooring. TV/DVD and free WIFI. Lay-out: entrance on ground floor. Hall, private bathroom with toilet, shower and sink. Lovely living area with double bed. Kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, microwave/oven, gas-cooking, nespresso machine. Access to the sunny garden. Free WIFI Washing and drying possible The neighbourhood is quiet and peacefull, a lot of young people and young families live here. Within 10 minutes from the centre of town. Plenty of Shops, cafe's and restaurants around the area. The Vondelpark is a real pleasure being just a minute away. The museum area with Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and others are only 7 minutes by tram. By ","The neighbourhood is quiet and peacefull, a lot of young people and young families live here. Within 10 minutes from the centre of town. Plenty of Shops, cafe's and restaurants around the area. The Vondelpark is a real pleasure being just a minute away. The museum area with Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and others are only 7 minutes by tram.","By bike or foot you can go through the Vondelpark and get out at the Leidseplein. Tram 1, 2 and 17 are nearby as well as bus 15. From Schiphol it is approx 20 minutes by public transport and 10 minutes by car. 2 minutes by car from the highway A10.",
