"Familyhouse (120m2) . With garden in popular upcoming area Amsterdam North. We're a couple with 2 kids (5&8 yrs), musician and filmmaker. Y 10 min biking from Central station. Bus (5mintoCS) goes every 10 mins. Max 4 people, preferably families with kids.","Nice light and spacious house (120m2) on the groundfloor and first floor. Garden, modern kitchen with livingroom, one workroom on groundfloor. Topfloor: one bedroom for 2 kids and one big bedroom. Bathroom with bath, seperate toilet. -wifi -tv (also in bedroom) -fully equipped modern kitchen -bathroom with bath -toilets downstairs and upstairs When you arrive we'll explain everything about the house and how to get around in Amsterdam and what's hot in town. We are both active in the cultural field (musician and filmmaker) so we can tell you where to go.  What we like in our neighbourhood is the quietness combined with quick access to the vibrant city of Amsterdam. It is a childfriendly area, a park is nearby and there are many playgrounds around. Our area is like a little village in the city :-) Amsterdam North is an upcoming area where lots of young people go to live. There is a nice park on 3 mins walking from our house. Bus 34 and 35 go every 10 min and will take you to Central Stat","Familyhouse (120m2) . With garden in popular upcoming area Amsterdam North. We're a couple with 2 kids (5&8 yrs), musician and filmmaker. Y 10 min biking from Central station. Bus (5mintoCS) goes every 10 mins. Max 4 people, preferably families with kids. Nice light and spacious house (120m2) on the groundfloor and first floor. Garden, modern kitchen with livingroom, one workroom on groundfloor. Topfloor: one bedroom for 2 kids and one big bedroom. Bathroom with bath, seperate toilet. -wifi -tv (also in bedroom) -fully equipped modern kitchen -bathroom with bath -toilets downstairs and upstairs When you arrive we'll explain everything about the house and how to get around in Amsterdam and what's hot in town. We are both active in the cultural field (musician and filmmaker) so we can tell you where to go.  What we like in our neighbourhood is the quietness combined with quick access to the vibrant city of Amsterdam. It is a childfriendly area, a park is nearby and there are many playgro","What we like in our neighbourhood is the quietness combined with quick access to the vibrant city of Amsterdam. It is a childfriendly area, a park is nearby and there are many playgrounds around. Our area is like a little village in the city :-)","Amsterdam North is an upcoming area where lots of young people go to live. There is a nice park on 3 mins walking from our house. Bus 34 and 35 go every 10 min and will take you to Central Station in 10 mins. Nightshop on the corner, vegetable- fruit- fish- cheese- market every wed fri and sat on 5 min walking. On the bike you can cycle to the centre, but you'll have to take the free ferry which goes every 5 mins. Parking in our area is free. We provide bikes (2) and if needed an transportbike.","-feel at home -please keep it clean -no smoking -you can play music etc but keep it quiet, we have friendly neighbours :-) -lock the doors when you leave the house -lock the bikes when you use them -We have a cat and we'd like you to feed him (food we'll provide) His name is Joost and he is a Siamese and doesn't bother you because he goes in and out the house by himself."
