"Situated in the great area Old-West.  It's very centrally located close to all the famous tourist excitement of Amsterdam. You can reach easily by foot, bike or tram! See you soon!","This 65 square meter apartment will provide you with all you need for a great Amsterdam experience. There is a dining room with a large table where you can eat, read and work, a comfortable cosy living room, two balconies and a spacious sleeping room with a double bed. It's peaceful, ideal for a good sleep.  The kitchen is fully furnished with microwave, oven dishwasher and fridge.  WiFi is available. The apartment is in the middle of one of the most vibrant parts of Amsterdam. You can find shops, restaurants, markets in every direction you walk. The gorgeous Vondelpark is nearby. If you like jogging, skating, walking in the fresh air, this park is the right place to go. It's great to rent a bike as well so you get around easily. It's great fun and you will feel local.  Rijks Museum & Van Gogh Museum are 10 min by bike.  Leidseplein, with its clubs and bars, is just at 5 min by bike. Should you need further information about places to visit, please feel free to ask. Looking forward to ","Situated in the great area Old-West.  It's very centrally located close to all the famous tourist excitement of Amsterdam. You can reach easily by foot, bike or tram! See you soon! This 65 square meter apartment will provide you with all you need for a great Amsterdam experience. There is a dining room with a large table where you can eat, read and work, a comfortable cosy living room, two balconies and a spacious sleeping room with a double bed. It's peaceful, ideal for a good sleep.  The kitchen is fully furnished with microwave, oven dishwasher and fridge.  WiFi is available. The apartment is in the middle of one of the most vibrant parts of Amsterdam. You can find shops, restaurants, markets in every direction you walk. The gorgeous Vondelpark is nearby. If you like jogging, skating, walking in the fresh air, this park is the right place to go. It's great to rent a bike as well so you get around easily. It's great fun and you will feel local.  Rijks Museum & Van Gogh Museum are 10 ","Besides that Old West is a great area to stroll around, you are very close to the old city centre. In de Clercqstraat you will find a fresh bakery, two grocery shops and many different kinds of modern (coffee)bars and restaurants.","Public transport is nearby. There are 4 different trams that stop's in front of the apartment. Tram 3, tram 12, tram 13 and tram 14. In fact you can be all around town very very easy. Tram 13  takes you through the city centre ending at Central Station (10 min).",Please be respectful to the apartment & enjoy it to the max! Thanks a lot.
