Only during our own vacation available. Ten minutes walking from Central Station with a beautiful view on the canal. Central but quiet. 3 bedrooms on the 3th floor and  a sunny living room and kitchen on the 4th floor. Families have a preference.,"The apartment has a great view and is a perfect spot to relax after you have walked or biked all over the city. From your terrace you can wave to the tourist passing by in the canalboats and just enjoy.  * On the 3th floor you will find 2 single bedrooms with a canal view, 1 master bedroom with a bath and a lavabo. There is a shower and a seperate toilet. * the 4th floor is the top floor of the building. Here you will find a fully equipped kitchen with a cosy dining table and a great corner to relax and watch a movie or your favourite series on Netflix. Two big doors will give you access to a nice sunny terrace. * If you are allergic to cats, you should be aware that whe keep a cat when we are at home, but he will stay with friends when we travel.","Only during our own vacation available. Ten minutes walking from Central Station with a beautiful view on the canal. Central but quiet. 3 bedrooms on the 3th floor and  a sunny living room and kitchen on the 4th floor. Families have a preference. The apartment has a great view and is a perfect spot to relax after you have walked or biked all over the city. From your terrace you can wave to the tourist passing by in the canalboats and just enjoy.  * On the 3th floor you will find 2 single bedrooms with a canal view, 1 master bedroom with a bath and a lavabo. There is a shower and a seperate toilet. * the 4th floor is the top floor of the building. Here you will find a fully equipped kitchen with a cosy dining table and a great corner to relax and watch a movie or your favourite series on Netflix. Two big doors will give you access to a nice sunny terrace. * If you are allergic to cats, you should be aware that whe keep a cat when we are at home, but he will stay with friends when we tra","The Nieuwmarkt area is a lively neighborhood with a nice mix of families and students. You will find supermarkets and other shops for your daily needs within just five minutes walking distance. On Saturdays there is a biological market on the Nieuwmarkt and  except sundays there is the flea market on the Waterlooplein.  For kids this a great area, there is a play garden around the corner, the zoo (Artis) is only 15 min walking, Nemo (Technical museum) 5 min walking, het scheepvaartmuseum (maritime history), the Jewish historical museum with a big childeren department  and all the other museums the Hermitage, the Rembrandt house or the Resistance museum (verzetsmuseum) have special children activities. Nice are also the Botanical gardens or the park. Note that all these activities are within a 15minutes walk form the house.",Public transportation is around the corner with Metro station Nieuwmarkt within five minutes walking,"We have a preference for families and expect our guest to behave, use and maintain the apartment as good as we would.  Smoking is allowed on the terrace. Please consider the neighbours specially on the stairs."
