"You're welcome in my lovely - just renovated- appartement, centrally loacted on the forth floor of a characteristic Amsterdam house. Near the Vondelpark and 5 min from the famous Leidseplein. And on top of that, the appartmant will come with a stunning roof terrace of 50 square meter!","Welcome to my newly renovated apartment of 80 square meters, with an amazing roof terrace of 50 square meters. The modern furnished house has two bedrooms with a double bed. The bathroom has a rain shower and you will also find the toilet over there. Bed linen and towels are provided. The beautiful fully equipped kitchen has everything what you need to make a perfect diner or BBQ on the roof terrace. The dining area which is next to the kitchen has seating for seven. And has two doors which let you to the balcony. The living room has a really comfortable couch and in the closet you will find the TV, DVD player. The apartment has central heating and wifi. Last but not least the roof terrace, you will have a stunning view. On the roof terrace you will find a big couch, table with 6 chairs a little bar. This is perfect just to hang out and relax. You will reach the terrace via a stairs in the living room, and if you have dirty clothes you can wash them in the terrace house. ","You're welcome in my lovely - just renovated- appartement, centrally loacted on the forth floor of a characteristic Amsterdam house. Near the Vondelpark and 5 min from the famous Leidseplein. And on top of that, the appartmant will come with a stunning roof terrace of 50 square meter! Welcome to my newly renovated apartment of 80 square meters, with an amazing roof terrace of 50 square meters. The modern furnished house has two bedrooms with a double bed. The bathroom has a rain shower and you will also find the toilet over there. Bed linen and towels are provided. The beautiful fully equipped kitchen has everything what you need to make a perfect diner or BBQ on the roof terrace. The dining area which is next to the kitchen has seating for seven. And has two doors which let you to the balcony. The living room has a really comfortable couch and in the closet you will find the TV, DVD player. The apartment has central heating and wifi. Last but not least the roof terrace, you will have ","My house is situated close to the Vondelpark (2 min walk) and the Overtoom (1 min walk). The house the peace and quiet of a lustrous park and the liveliness of the city. In only 15 minutes walking (through the park) you will be at the Concertgebouw, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Leidsplein, P.C. Hooftstraat. Trams and buses are around the corner and we have many small and cozy restaurants in the neighbourhood. Public transportation is around the corner.",,My rules are that you have to treat my house if it is your own. You can smoke in the house (no drugs) but please open the doors to the balcony. Don’t forget to turn down the heater and lock the doors if you are going away.
