,"You will feel at home in this apartment.  This fully-furnished apartment is situated in the heart of the neighborhood De Pijp (Oud Zuid), also known as the Quartier Latin or Soho of Amsterdam. This neighborhood is popular by Amsterdammers and expats alike. This apartment combines the authentic atmosphere of this village like neighborhood together with the comfort of a cosy apartment. Close by to the Sarphatipark Location: This apartment (70m2) is located within walking distance of the outdoor market Albert Cuyp, shops, restaurants, bars and the Sarphatipark. By bike, only a few minutes from the Amstel River. Public transport: the area is served by tramlines: (phone number hidden) and 25. Around the corner you will be able to rent a bike, and by bike the city of Amsterdam is best explored.  Walking and Biking distances: * Museum Square: with the Rijks Museum, the van Gogh Museum and the Modern Art Museum.   * Dam square 15 min  * In the famous Albert Cuijp Market, a five minutes walk  *","You will feel at home in this apartment.  This fully-furnished apartment is situated in the heart of the neighborhood De Pijp (Oud Zuid), also known as the Quartier Latin or Soho of Amsterdam. This neighborhood is popular by Amsterdammers and expats alike. This apartment combines the authentic atmosphere of this village like neighborhood together with the comfort of a cosy apartment. Close by to the Sarphatipark Location: This apartment (70m2) is located within walking distance of the outdoor market Albert Cuyp, shops, restaurants, bars and the Sarphatipark. By bike, only a few minutes from the Amstel River. Public transport: the area is served by tramlines: (phone number hidden) and 25. Around the corner you will be able to rent a bike, and by bike the city of Amsterdam is best explored.  Walking and Biking distances: * Museum Square: with the Rijks Museum, the van Gogh Museum and the Modern Art Museum.   * Dam square 15 min  * In the famous Albert Cuijp Market, a five minutes walk  *",,,No parties. I only rent out to people traveling alone or as a couple.
