"Enjoy a stay in our 17th century 3 bedroom Jordaan apt in the center of Amsterdam. Refurbished in 2012, our luxery, yet authenic home comes with a roof terrace, city views and is ideal (and only available) for young families or 2 older couples - 2 minutes from Anne Frank House.","Our home consists of the three top floors of a 17th century typical Jordaan house. The apartment has been fully refurbished in 2012 into a modern family home, however maintaining the original aspects and character of the house. It is ideal for a family with young children or a baby. You enter through a typical Amsterdam outside staircase into a wonderful hallway.  A steep  inside staircase (yes it is the Jordaan) brings you to the 3rd floor. A hallway connects to the master bedroom of 25 sqm, the babyroom and an open bathroom with a large waterfall shower. The 4th floor has an open kitchen - fully equiped with a large stove, cooker & steam oven a dining area and sitting area. The sitting area provides quite a scenery of the Jordaan and the Old City of Amsterdam - including a wonderful view of the Westerkerk (one of the oldest churches of Amsterdam) with its distinct tower. The kitchen connects to an adjacent lovely and sunny roof terrance with a panoramic view of Amsterdam's towers.  A","Enjoy a stay in our 17th century 3 bedroom Jordaan apt in the center of Amsterdam. Refurbished in 2012, our luxery, yet authenic home comes with a roof terrace, city views and is ideal (and only available) for young families or 2 older couples - 2 minutes from Anne Frank House. Our home consists of the three top floors of a 17th century typical Jordaan house. The apartment has been fully refurbished in 2012 into a modern family home, however maintaining the original aspects and character of the house. It is ideal for a family with young children or a baby. You enter through a typical Amsterdam outside staircase into a wonderful hallway.  A steep  inside staircase (yes it is the Jordaan) brings you to the 3rd floor. A hallway connects to the master bedroom of 25 sqm, the babyroom and an open bathroom with a large waterfall shower. The 4th floor has an open kitchen - fully equiped with a large stove, cooker & steam oven a dining area and sitting area. The sitting area provides quite a sc","Our home is located in the center of Amsterdam, right smack in the middle of the Jordaan. The Jordaan is one of most enjoyable areas of Amsterdam with its many many bars, boutiques, cafes, galleries and restaurants. Our home is located in one of the beautiful streets in this area and is a one minute walk to the many larger and smaller canals, the 'Littly Italy' restaurant aea and the Anne Frank House. All kinds of artisan shops and gallaries are located directly in and around our street - which are great for strolling in this ancient part of Amsterdam. All kinds of food and clothing markets take place almost each day somewhere in our neigborhood within a 5 minute walk - do visit the famous farmers market at the wonderful Noordermarkt on a Saturday morning. Also within a 5 minute walk is the '9-straatjes' area with its art galleries, food shops, luxery or second hand fashion shops - not to mention the many breakfast, lunch or diner restaurants and hip bars & cafes.","It takes a 5 to 7 minute tram or bus ride and 5 minute stroll to get from Amsterdam Central Station to our home (Schiphol Airport is a 20-minute train journey to Central Station). A taxi from the airport to our home will take about 20-25 minutes and €40. Within a minutes walk from our home you'll find tram and bus connections to all parts of the city. So taking public transport is easy. However walking from our home to the top and more of the beaten track destination is much more fun and a beautiful experience. It's a 10 minute walk to Dam Square, 15 minute walk to Central Station, Rembrandt square and Leidse square. The Museum district and Heineken (the Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijks museau) are a 20 minute walk or an easy short tram or bus ride. Even better - take our bikes (we also have a baby/child seat if you dare) and explore all of the city.","Pets and smoking are not allowed in hour home - you are very welcome to enjoy your sigar or cigarette on our roof terrace though.  You will be staying in a 17th century house & area, loud noises can quickly become a nusance for resident - Please do respect the peace and quite of our direct (and all others) neighbors when walking through our street and entering our home.  No candles or BBQ allowed inside or on the terrace. No loud music. The maximum number of guests is 4.  You should leave (and so lightly clean) the apartment as found upon departure. The washer and dryer is only available when staying 7 days or more.  All other rules and manuals are explained to you when you arrive.  Thank you!"
