"The studio is in Oud-West, a special corner of Amsterdam; a popular, dynamic neighborhood dotted by trendy design stores, cool cafe bars and some of the best restaurants.  With a lot to offer and a great deal to experience, you’ll want to come back to this vibrant Amsterdam neighborhood time and time again. Bordering the centre of the city, the canals and the Museum Quarter you live like a local and enjoy all the comfort you need in our bright, cozy and comfortable studio.","This lovely 25 m2 (269 sq ft) Studio is in the heart of Amsterdam. It is a single room with open kitchen and adjacent bathroom. We've done our best to make it warm, cozy yet bright studio. It's a perfect little place for couples and homely enough for when you are traveling by yourself. (Check out the maps section we've put together. There are a lot of great tips and places in there.)","The studio is in Oud-West, a special corner of Amsterdam; a popular, dynamic neighborhood dotted by trendy design stores, cool cafe bars and some of the best restaurants.  With a lot to offer and a great deal to experience, you’ll want to come back to this vibrant Amsterdam neighborhood time and time again. Bordering the centre of the city, the canals and the Museum Quarter you live like a local and enjoy all the comfort you need in our bright, cozy and comfortable studio. This lovely 25 m2 (269 sq ft) Studio is in the heart of Amsterdam. It is a single room with open kitchen and adjacent bathroom. We've done our best to make it warm, cozy yet bright studio. It's a perfect little place for couples and homely enough for when you are traveling by yourself. (Check out the maps section we've put together. There are a lot of great tips and places in there.) In the studio is high speed WiFi. Clean sheets and towels are provided. We take pride in keeping the studio super clean for you. You wi","Our neighborhood is called Amsterdam 'Oud West' (Old West). It's a friendly district with coffee shops, trendy restaurants, cosy lunchrooms and gastro cafes on every corner. We are right in the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and the Van Gogh Museum. Don't miss 'de 9 straatjes' (the nine streets), a great shopping area amidst the gorgious Amsterdam canals.  At the end of the street you'll find a daily fresh market, great bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants.  ","We have two bikes that are free to use. Now it is even more easy for you to explore the city and be as mobile as any Amsterdammer.  Public transport stops right in from of your doorstep, so you never have to stay in one place, we have many trams bringing you allover the city. Four tram-stops from Dam Square and two stops from Jordaan and the Westertoren.  When you arrive from Schiphol Airport it's 30 minutes by train and tram. From Amsterdam Central Station it's 15 minutes by tram. We will send you the route description as soon as you have booked. A taxi ride from Schiphol is €25 when booked with (website hidden) (lowest rate).",We kindly ask you to: Not smoke in the studio.  Be quiet when walking up and down the stair. Turn off lights and heating when you leave the studio.  No loud noises after 21:00.  Do the dishes before you check out. Thank you!
