,"Dear all,  If you are planning to stay in Amsterdam, our lovely furnished apartment would be a very nice way to spend a weekend or week in this city. Our apartment consists of one bedroom with a kingsize bed, a livingroom with a big couch (very comfortable for one person to sleep on) and annexed kitchen. In the front we have a little french balcony and at the back you can enjoy breakfast or dinner on our balcony (6 m2).  De Pijp is a lively neighbourhood adjacent with restaurants and bars. This apartment is situated in a quite street, but very close to all the hotspots in Amsterdam. You are very close to the museum square and the city center is 10 minutes away.  The tram and bus stop close by and we offer you one  bike (included in the price) to experience a typically Dutch stay in Amsterdam.  We are sure you will enjoy your stay with us! Hope to see you in Amsterdam, Walter and Kalina","Dear all,  If you are planning to stay in Amsterdam, our lovely furnished apartment would be a very nice way to spend a weekend or week in this city. Our apartment consists of one bedroom with a kingsize bed, a livingroom with a big couch (very comfortable for one person to sleep on) and annexed kitchen. In the front we have a little french balcony and at the back you can enjoy breakfast or dinner on our balcony (6 m2).  De Pijp is a lively neighbourhood adjacent with restaurants and bars. This apartment is situated in a quite street, but very close to all the hotspots in Amsterdam. You are very close to the museum square and the city center is 10 minutes away.  The tram and bus stop close by and we offer you one  bike (included in the price) to experience a typically Dutch stay in Amsterdam.  We are sure you will enjoy your stay with us! Hope to see you in Amsterdam, Walter and Kalina We have one bedroom with an adjacent bathroom and a separate toilet. Also the living room and annexed","The famous ""pijp"" area in Amsterdam is one of the liveliest neighbourhoods around. Well that’s no surprise, since it has the most bars/restaurants per square meter in Europe! The funny thing is that it doesn't feel overcrowded or noisy and it is great for tasting the typical Amsterdam life, since mainly locals live here. You can see fashionable mums with children or hipsters walking down the streets. Also it's very close to the Museum square with all the most important museums in Amsterdam (van Gogh, Rijks, Stedelijk and so on). Finally, the Albert Cuyp market is the largest food market in Amsterdam. It’s nice to walk around and do some food tasting. It is located close to us.","Busses and trams stop close by on the Ferdinand Bolstraat (2 minutes). If you want to park your car, it is better to find a P+R parking lot outside the city (you pay 8 euro per 24 hours in combination with a public transport card) and come by tram to our place (you can find the details on the (Website hidden by Airbnb) website). The closes one is on Europaplein, 1078 GZ Amsterdam. Otherwise you can park in front of our door, but you pay 3 euro's an hour (max 27 euro's for 24 hours) except for Sunday's when it's free. Also there is a parking lot in the area for 2,5 euro an hour.",
