Are you planning a visit to Amsterdam for leisure or business?  Searching for a charming place? Look no further. Our apartment in the River neighborhoud could be just it. Also take a look at the many positive feedback notes from previous renters!,"Are you planning a visit to Amsterdam for leisure or business?  Searching for a charming place? Look no further. Our apartment in the River neighborhoud could be just it. Our house:  *2 rooms (1 bedroom, 1 baby room)  *Living room, dining en suite  *Balcony  *Full kitchen facilities  *Wifi  *Cable TV Our house is ideal for  a couple. Our neighborhood is quiet and safe but atmospheric and relaxed.  Close to restaurants and shops and all sorts of public transport are around the corner. It’s easy to reach from Schiphol Airport by train, taxi or (rental) car. General highlights:  *Only 2 stops by train from Amsterdam Schipol airport  *1 minute walk to tram 4, which takes you in just 10 minutes to the center, and in 15 minutes to Rembrandt Square  *Good 20mn walk from the center,  *Close to many parks, the famous Albert Cuyp Market and the Heineken Experience  *Closer to the RAI Convention Center than any hotel  *Safe & quiet neighborhood  *Scores of restaurants of every variety (Spanish, J","Are you planning a visit to Amsterdam for leisure or business?  Searching for a charming place? Look no further. Our apartment in the River neighborhoud could be just it. Also take a look at the many positive feedback notes from previous renters! Are you planning a visit to Amsterdam for leisure or business?  Searching for a charming place? Look no further. Our apartment in the River neighborhoud could be just it. Our house:  *2 rooms (1 bedroom, 1 baby room)  *Living room, dining en suite  *Balcony  *Full kitchen facilities  *Wifi  *Cable TV Our house is ideal for  a couple. Our neighborhood is quiet and safe but atmospheric and relaxed.  Close to restaurants and shops and all sorts of public transport are around the corner. It’s easy to reach from Schiphol Airport by train, taxi or (rental) car. General highlights:  *Only 2 stops by train from Amsterdam Schipol airport  *1 minute walk to tram 4, which takes you in just 10 minutes to the center, and in 15 minutes to Rembrandt Square  ",,,"Please pay respect to the neighbours, especially after 22.00h."
