"Lovely family apartment (4p) with sunny patio garden in the heart of the Museum district. Cosy (open) kitchen with light living room. Cable television, fast WIFI, iMac, espresso. Two bedrooms. One with a double bed ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) with a bunk bed (0.90 / 2.00) (can be changed to two regular beds).","Roomy, light & cosy apartment with sunny patio garden. Walking distance of the famous museums of Amsterdam, the Concertbuilding and the exclusive shopping areas 'PC Hooftstraat' and 'Cornelis Schuytstraat'. Good equipped kitchen with oven, microwave and Nespresso machine. Lovely neighborhood with really good restaurants, breakfast and lunch spots.","Lovely family apartment (4p) with sunny patio garden in the heart of the Museum district. Cosy (open) kitchen with light living room. Cable television, fast WIFI, iMac, espresso. Two bedrooms. One with a double bed ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) with a bunk bed (0.90 / 2.00) (can be changed to two regular beds). Roomy, light & cosy apartment with sunny patio garden. Walking distance of the famous museums of Amsterdam, the Concertbuilding and the exclusive shopping areas 'PC Hooftstraat' and 'Cornelis Schuytstraat'. Good equipped kitchen with oven, microwave and Nespresso machine. Lovely neighborhood with really good restaurants, breakfast and lunch spots. WIFI, iMac with internet, Nespresso machine, towels, washing machine and dryer. The apartment will be empty with no further guest or owner. Owner will check in the guests for keys and explanation of equipment. Owner is staying nearby and can be of assistance when necessary.  This is a quiet neighborhood and the appartement suits be","In the middle of the city’s famous cultural hub, the Museum Quarter. Here you can spend a day exploring the rather majestic Rijksmuseum and its many national and international treasures and artworks, the ever-popular Van Gogh Museum and the newly reopened modern art museum, the Stedelijk. Music lovers will be spoilt at the breath taking Concertgebouw. This 19th century concert hall is considered to be one of the world’s finest with unbeatable acoustics. Originally opened in 1888 the hall’s popularity has grown annually to the point that today it has become the second most-visited concert hall in the world.  Around 900 concerts are played here every year. The popular and rather upmarket shopping streets P.C Hooftstraat, Cornelis Schuytstraat and Beethovenstraat are the perfect place to grab some exclusive designer threads. For more affordable clothing as well as practical household goods and food head to the nearby amazing Albert Cuyp Market which attracts an incredible 20,000 visitors ","Very close to several trams and bus stops, al leading to the city center or Schiphol. In this area parking is possible. You can park your car in the street and buy a day ticket (E 36,- a day), or you can park the car in the garage under the Museumplein (E 50,- a day). There are cheaper options, where you park and then take the bus or taxi. That will cost you E9,- a day. You can choose a parking option on this site: Q-park. The cheapest option is called Comeniusstraat. On this site you can order parking tickets in advance. On the street you find vending machines.",We would prefer families or couples who come to Amsterdam for the musea and sight seeing. This apartment is not suitable for young people or noisy groups.
