,"A lovely canal apartment with a lovely big garden, right in the center of Amsterdam. There is a large living room with open kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom (with shower and bath). One bedroom has a double bed and the other is a kids bedroom with two small beds. It is possible to replace the children beds with two single beds, so  you can stay with 4 adults. It is the back of a canal appartment ,similar to Anne Frank house, which is also only 5 minutes walk from our house. The apartment is perfectly situated in the center of bustling Amsterdam. It is just 20 meters from the Leidsestraat, one of the biggest shopping streets of Amsterdam where shops such as Abercrombie, Gsus, Touch and Paul Warmer are (Website hidden by Airbnb) is 2 minutes walk to the Leidseplein, the bustling square of Amsterdam, with all kind of restaurants, cafes and the city theater.  The Kalverstraat, the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and the lively 9 streets (nice shopping streets) are all wit","A lovely canal apartment with a lovely big garden, right in the center of Amsterdam. There is a large living room with open kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom (with shower and bath). One bedroom has a double bed and the other is a kids bedroom with two small beds. It is possible to replace the children beds with two single beds, so  you can stay with 4 adults. It is the back of a canal appartment ,similar to Anne Frank house, which is also only 5 minutes walk from our house. The apartment is perfectly situated in the center of bustling Amsterdam. It is just 20 meters from the Leidsestraat, one of the biggest shopping streets of Amsterdam where shops such as Abercrombie, Gsus, Touch and Paul Warmer are (Website hidden by Airbnb) is 2 minutes walk to the Leidseplein, the bustling square of Amsterdam, with all kind of restaurants, cafes and the city theater.  The Kalverstraat, the Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum and the lively 9 streets (nice shopping streets) are all wit",,,- Enjoy your stay - You will receive a lovely bottle of wine from the house! - Don't let stranger in and treat the house like you treat your own
