"Lovely historic 50m2 apartment in the center of the city. Located directly next to Dam Square, it's also a seven minute walk from CS, has canal views as well as a quiet private roof terrace, and offers all you need for a classic Amsterdam experience!","Great location and our unique style of decoration. We have two hammocks, a beautiful view over Amsterdams oldest canal, a roof terrace with a view of the Old Church, and a very nice bath tub. The apartment has wooden floors, high ceilings, a loft with a two persons bed, and a separate well decorated small back room. And for those who are into cooking and baking, the apartment comes with a Borretti stove, lots of equipment and SMEGG fridge.","Lovely historic 50m2 apartment in the center of the city. Located directly next to Dam Square, it's also a seven minute walk from CS, has canal views as well as a quiet private roof terrace, and offers all you need for a classic Amsterdam experience! Great location and our unique style of decoration. We have two hammocks, a beautiful view over Amsterdams oldest canal, a roof terrace with a view of the Old Church, and a very nice bath tub. The apartment has wooden floors, high ceilings, a loft with a two persons bed, and a separate well decorated small back room. And for those who are into cooking and baking, the apartment comes with a Borretti stove, lots of equipment and SMEGG fridge. WIFI Washing Machine Roof Terrace Bath Tub / Hot Shower Hair Blower / Styler Ironing Board / Flat Iron Kitchen (luxe stove, fridge) Books (English) While you're here, the place is yours! Although we'd always to prefer to meet you upon arrival, we're gone quite often and may not be there to do so but have","Our apartment is down at the Red Light, where you will find all the major shops, the Dam Square, Nieuwmarket, Central Station, and lots of bars and unique boutiques around you. The famous Waterlooplein market is a seven minute walk and the Kloveniersbrugwal with all its great bookshops is also just a five minute walk.  The apartment is located at the top floor (three stairs) which gives you an awesome city view from the front and back side of the place. Also, our loft bedroom is at the back of the apartment, away from all the noise, so you are able to get a decent night of sleep.","Central Station is a seven minute walk, the subway at the Nieuwmarket is a three minute walk, same as all the trams that run from the Dam Square through the whole city.  Also on our street you'll find two bike rental shops. When the weather is nice, it's the best way to explore this beautiful city.","We love and repect our place and it's a big investment for us so no parties please! If you're here on a stag do or are looking to go totally wild in the city, please look elsewhere. We totally understand, we're a bit nuts too, we for sure want people to have fun while they stay but we just don't want anything too crazy happening here please. And it being the Red Light we figure it's fair to bring up! :D However, there are plenty of bars around to have fun in if you're looking for a night out during your stay, and wine in the sun (when there is sun, it is still Amsterdam) on our roof terrace is an absolute blast, it's awesome out there. On the other hand, if you're very conservative we'd like to point out in advance that in the summer we usually have one or two ganja plants growing out there that if you're staying for longer than a few days we'll ask you to water. This is Holland so they're totally legal, but if that makes you uncomfortable, we totally understand and good luck finding a"
