"English, Portuguese and Spanish","We are an American/Brazilian couple living in Amsterdam for the last 15 years and we love this city so much! Private entrance independent room with bathroom next to it on the second floor. We live on the top two floors of the building and the room we are renting is on the top floor. It has an independent entrance (you don’t have to go through the part of the apartment where we live to get there).  We would love to welcome you to our place.  We like to exchange cultural and personal experiences as we like to travel and meet people too. We will be delighted share what we know about Amsterdam with you - good places to eat, microbreweries, great café terraces and brown cafes, clubs, and neighborhoods, etc.  Our apartment is in a building designated as an architectural monument in Amsterdam.  The room is a large bedroom with a small balcony with flowers and a modern bathroom (recently renovated) with shower.  Bedding and towels are provided and a fast wifi connection is available free of ch","English, Portuguese and Spanish We are an American/Brazilian couple living in Amsterdam for the last 15 years and we love this city so much! Private entrance independent room with bathroom next to it on the second floor. We live on the top two floors of the building and the room we are renting is on the top floor. It has an independent entrance (you don’t have to go through the part of the apartment where we live to get there).  We would love to welcome you to our place.  We like to exchange cultural and personal experiences as we like to travel and meet people too. We will be delighted share what we know about Amsterdam with you - good places to eat, microbreweries, great café terraces and brown cafes, clubs, and neighborhoods, etc.  Our apartment is in a building designated as an architectural monument in Amsterdam.  The room is a large bedroom with a small balcony with flowers and a modern bathroom (recently renovated) with shower.  Bedding and towels are provided and a fast wifi co","We really recommend Fidelios restaurantes has a great cuisine, and a very cozy local ambiance. We also recommend a place that has just opened up a few months ago, very nice decor a hipster place with best coffee in town right on the corner of my street.","By car/parking For those of you coming by car, we are close to both the Amsterdam South (Oud Zuid - S108) and Amsterdam Rai (S109) exits off the A10 - the ring highway around Amsterdam. There is paid parking in our neighborhood. The best deal is the parking site at the old Olympic Stadium which costs 8 euros/day (see map and information at (website hidden)) and includes a free ticket to use on public transportation for the day. The Olympic Stadium is just off the A10 Amsterdam South exit and is about 800 meters or 3 tram stops from our apartment along the Tram 24 line (you would need to get off at the Minervaplein stop). Alternatively, you can park on our street or nearby streets but the cost is higher – € 3 euros per hour between 09.00 and 21.00 hours on Monday through Saturday. Parking at night and on Sundays all day is free.","-No smoking,  -No cooking -Not using the Kitchen -No friends over -No party or events -We ask you to be reasonably quiet after 10:pm"
