I love my house and neighborhood close to the center but still very quite during the night. Lot to do in this area and the tram wil bring you downtown and to the musea in 8 min.2 min walk to tram. Check out my list :),"I always try to respond as quick as possible...sometimes i'm getting questions if my room is available but when you used a filter on specific dates and my room turns up you can book that works faster :) I try to put as many information as possible in the advertisement so read it all.  Amsterdam isn't that big so everything is pretty close.. I really don't prefer this but if you want to stay with more then 2 people ask me first before booking, I prefer not to host 3 people but have some situations that i can make an exeption but that will put up the price with 25 euro's a night ! The security deposit works both ways..I never used it on one of my guests but one of my guests broke down my coffee machine  and never paid...sometimes guests forget things and I have to send it worldwide which is pretty expensive and It's easier for me to get the money for a part of the deposit :) Cleaningcost : it's for washing your sheets and towels but also for the tourist tax. If I put that up to my nightl","I love my house and neighborhood close to the center but still very quite during the night. Lot to do in this area and the tram wil bring you downtown and to the musea in 8 min.2 min walk to tram. Check out my list :) I always try to respond as quick as possible...sometimes i'm getting questions if my room is available but when you used a filter on specific dates and my room turns up you can book that works faster :) I try to put as many information as possible in the advertisement so read it all.  Amsterdam isn't that big so everything is pretty close.. I really don't prefer this but if you want to stay with more then 2 people ask me first before booking, I prefer not to host 3 people but have some situations that i can make an exeption but that will put up the price with 25 euro's a night ! The security deposit works both ways..I never used it on one of my guests but one of my guests broke down my coffee machine  and never paid...sometimes guests forget things and I have to send it w","Close by (foot, bike or public transport):   - Central station   - Anne Frank house 5 min  - Dam Square  8 min by tram/bike - Redlight District  10 min - Van Gogh museum  10 min by tram/bike - Rijksmuseum   10 min by tram/bike - Stedelijk museum  10 min by tram/bike - Amsterdams Historic Museum   - Leidse Square   - Rembrandt square   - The Hermitage Easy to walk to the Anne Frank Museum, lovely nice markets on saturday & monday (Noordermarkt, Westerstraat & Lindengracht), lots of incredible shopping streets (Haarlemmerstraat, 9 streets), Wallen, City Centre, Dam Square, etc.","The tram or busstation is situated 2 min walk from my apartment and brings you in 10 minutes to the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and many more Amsterdam sightseeing highlights. You can rent a bike, if you have car2go you can use that to...","Just respect my neighbors and my cat ;)  I do have check in and check out times, I want to be flexibele for my guests to sleep in a bit but also to be ready for the next guests. If you are backpacking or having a lot of luggage you can always drop your bags in the living room earlier than check in time and during the day when you leave if you want to explore and having a late trip back home or to your next destination, but if you don't have that much luggage with you I prefer you to put it in a locker box at central station Why you might ask....if guests come back later during the day when i'm free it still doesn't feel like having a day off because you might know somebody steps in your house every moment. And also because I have some more time organize everything in the house. Hope you respect that because I find it hard to say no.... :)"
