"Located in the 'quartier latin' of Amsterdam (De Pijp), a popular neighborhood full of bars, restaurants and just a few minutes’ walk to the canal belt with its many sights and attractions. The recently renovated 60m2 private apartment is located on the fourth floor of a typical Amsterdam style building (built in the late 19th century, no elevator). You will be renting the entire apartment, nothing is shared! :)","Located in the 'quartier latin' of Amsterdam (De Pijp), a popular neighborhood full of bars, restaurants and just a few minutes’ walk to the canal belt with its many sights and attractions. The recently renovated 60m2 private apartment is located on the fourth floor of a typical Amsterdam style building (built in the late 19th century, no elevator). You will be renting the entire apartment, nothing is shared! :) LIVINGROOM: Plasma television (42"", including international channels, Media player (300 movies!), DVD player + DVD'S, CD player + CD'S, iPhone/MP3 stereo connection, Free WIFI internet (fast, 60Mbit/s) OPEN KITCHEN: Fridge, cooking stove, oven, microwave, dishwashes, Bread toaster, sandwich gril, Washer + dryer, Iron + ironing board, Nespresso coffee machine, including cups! Water boiler, including tea   BEDROOM: Double bed (160x200), Clean bed linnen provided (including extra set, Empty closet + hanging space and hanger. BATHROOM: Shower + bathtub, Clean towels provided (inclu","Located in the 'quartier latin' of Amsterdam (De Pijp), a popular neighborhood full of bars, restaurants and just a few minutes’ walk to the canal belt with its many sights and attractions. The recently renovated 60m2 private apartment is located on the fourth floor of a typical Amsterdam style building (built in the late 19th century, no elevator). You will be renting the entire apartment, nothing is shared! :) Located in the 'quartier latin' of Amsterdam (De Pijp), a popular neighborhood full of bars, restaurants and just a few minutes’ walk to the canal belt with its many sights and attractions. The recently renovated 60m2 private apartment is located on the fourth floor of a typical Amsterdam style building (built in the late 19th century, no elevator). You will be renting the entire apartment, nothing is shared! :) LIVINGROOM: Plasma television (42"", including international channels, Media player (300 movies!), DVD player + DVD'S, CD player + CD'S, iPhone/MP3 stereo connection, Fr","- Great neighborhood, lot of bars, restaurants - Famous Albert Cuyp market around the corner! - Sights close by: Museumplein (Van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum), Heinekenplein (Heineken Experience) and much more!","The apartment is easy to reach by public transport. From Amsterdam Central Station take tram 4 or 25. From Schiphol Airport take a train to Amsterdam RAI trainstation. From there take tram 4. These trams stop right around the corner. The subway station Weesperplein is close to the apartment as well (7 min walking). I can help you out with directions, no problem!","There are other people living in the building as well (lower floors), so please mind my neighbors and don't make too much noise, especially on the stairs and in the evening and night time. I always take good care of my apartment and would really appreciate if you do the same. Thanks a lot!"
