,"This centrally located apartment is fitted with luxury elements:  New kitchen, jacuzzi, wide screen TV, design furniture, patio, WiFi. King size bed and optional use of comfortable sofa bed (140*200).  Located on a quite canal in walking distance to museums, picturesque 7 bridges canal, Leidseplein. Where you can also rent a bike and see the beautiful and traditional sights of Amsterdam. Tram ride away from the central station, nearby Utrechtsestraat with many shops and cafes. If you wish to enjoy Amsterdam night life Leidseplein is and Rembrantplein are 10 minutes walk.   I'm also very willing to help you with suggestions or directions. The apartment is yours! Minimum stay, 3 nights. Also available for other periods or extended visits, just ask!  Gym is not included but there is one right next door.","This centrally located apartment is fitted with luxury elements:  New kitchen, jacuzzi, wide screen TV, design furniture, patio, WiFi. King size bed and optional use of comfortable sofa bed (140*200).  Located on a quite canal in walking distance to museums, picturesque 7 bridges canal, Leidseplein. Where you can also rent a bike and see the beautiful and traditional sights of Amsterdam. Tram ride away from the central station, nearby Utrechtsestraat with many shops and cafes. If you wish to enjoy Amsterdam night life Leidseplein is and Rembrantplein are 10 minutes walk.   I'm also very willing to help you with suggestions or directions. The apartment is yours! Minimum stay, 3 nights. Also available for other periods or extended visits, just ask!  Gym is not included but there is one right next door. Arriving from the airport - A taxi is approximately 50 euro. You can also take the train to Central Station and take either tram  16 to Weteringcircuit or  4 to Friedrichsplein Alternative",,"Arriving from the airport - A taxi is approximately 50 euro. You can also take the train to Central Station and take either tram  16 to Weteringcircuit or  4 to Friedrichsplein Alternatively, what I do is take the train to Amsterdam Zuid (about 3 euro) and a taxi from there is under 20.  Train tickets are purchased from the yellow vending machines at the airport.","residential area, no parties or loud music allowed.  If I have any complaint from neighbors that are not immediately addressed you will be asked to leave, no refund. Additional guests require approval from landlord. All will need to submit passport for security.  Thanks!"
