"28 december 2016 hebben wij veranderen onze locatie, nu zijn we in de beste een van de nieuwste wijk, buurt van Amsterdam, we zijn erg blij mee. Amsterdam IJBURG. is een hele rustig wijk, 14 min. in tram 26 vanaf Amsterdam Centraal Station. 25 min in de fiets naar Amsterdam Centraal Station en hebben zeer goede combinaties om overal te gaan met een auto, afslag naar de snelweg ligt op 1 minuut afstand.","Bienvenido a nuestro barco - conocer Holanda desde el mejor lugar, en el medio de Holanda. Desde Amsterdam, la capital de  , donde usted tiene más que suficiente para visitar y disfrutar. El barco está en Amsterdam IJburg, tranquilo y zona tranquila comparado con el centro de Ámsterdam pero estás allí en 15 minutos.  Estamos cerca (45 km) del Parque Natural más grande de Europa (Oostvaardersplaats). Tienes 15 min. En tranvía en la estación central de Amsterdam. Pequeño pueblo pesquero el Marken verde está a 25 km de aquí. Utrecht está a 35 km de aquí y el siglo 17 Enkhuizen hermoso y Hoorn rond 50 kilometros y 116 km del paraíso (poco de Venecia) Giethoorn!, 90 km de (Website hidden by Airbnb) en Arnhem! Visite nuestro sitio web para ver nuestro barco de lujo. (Website hidden by Airbnb) Usted recibirá de nosotros las mejores recomendaciones para visitar los lugares más importantes y desconocidos hermosos de Holanda. Incluyendo luand si quieres puedes empezar la chimenea para que sea má","28 december 2016 hebben wij veranderen onze locatie, nu zijn we in de beste een van de nieuwste wijk, buurt van Amsterdam, we zijn erg blij mee. Amsterdam IJBURG. is een hele rustig wijk, 14 min. in tram 26 vanaf Amsterdam Centraal Station. 25 min in de fiets naar Amsterdam Centraal Station en hebben zeer goede combinaties om overal te gaan met een auto, afslag naar de snelweg ligt op 1 minuut afstand.  (Website hidden by Airbnb)   (Website hidden by Airbnb)  The boat is Amsterdam IJburg, quiet area compare to Amsterdam centrum but you are there in 15min. We are close (45km) from the biggest Natural Park of Europe (Oostvaardersplaats) and you are 15 min. By tram in Amsterdam centrum station. Little fishing town the green Marken is 25 km from here. Utrecht is 35km  from  here and the 17 century beautiful Enkhuizen and Hoorn  rond 50km and 116km from the paradise (little Venice) Giethoorn!!, 90km to (Website hidden by Airbnb) in Arnhem!!! Tram to the  Amsterdam centrum station 2 min. wal","The boat is Amsterdam IJburg, quiet area compare to Amsterdam centrum but you are there in 15min. We are close (45km) from the biggest Natural Park of Europe (Oostvaardersplaats) and you are 15 min. By tram in Amsterdam centrum station. Little fishing town the green Marken is 25 km from here. Utrecht is 35km  from  here and the 17 century beautiful Enkhuizen and Hoorn  rond 50km and 116km from the paradise (little Venice) Giethoorn!!, 90km to (Website hidden by Airbnb) in Arnhem!!!","Tram to the  Amsterdam centrum station 2 min. walking from the boat, (you are there in 15 min.) Trein is just there or if you like to rent a car, we will help you!","We will tell you if you are hier, like it is a boat have just some technical questions you need to know, but not to worry about ... Just respect what there is in the boat and water around please and surroundings!"
