,"Come & enjoy a stay in our great home!  A spacious apartment (90 sqm) with all luxury amenities needed in a friendly, safe & clean neighbourhood in Amsterdam city. We consider our place to be very easy on the eye and truly relaxing. An ideal place to kick back or recharge after a hard day’s work or a night out. Being big fans of the Amsterdam city life, we’ve drafted our guests our very own black book of Amsterdam favourites. Neighbourhood places, a must-see / do / experience checklist that doesn’t involve the usual tourist traps and -if you want- an update on expositions, pop-up shops, parties and other good stuff that’s taking place during your stay (on request). Our apartment is located at 5 minutes walking distance from the RAI convention centre (you can almost see it from our window). In front of our house are tram & bus stops that can take you to the Pijp area in 5 minutes, Museum square in 10 minutes, Dam square in 20 minutes, etc. Pretty much everything you might want to see is","Come & enjoy a stay in our great home!  A spacious apartment (90 sqm) with all luxury amenities needed in a friendly, safe & clean neighbourhood in Amsterdam city. We consider our place to be very easy on the eye and truly relaxing. An ideal place to kick back or recharge after a hard day’s work or a night out. Being big fans of the Amsterdam city life, we’ve drafted our guests our very own black book of Amsterdam favourites. Neighbourhood places, a must-see / do / experience checklist that doesn’t involve the usual tourist traps and -if you want- an update on expositions, pop-up shops, parties and other good stuff that’s taking place during your stay (on request). Our apartment is located at 5 minutes walking distance from the RAI convention centre (you can almost see it from our window). In front of our house are tram & bus stops that can take you to the Pijp area in 5 minutes, Museum square in 10 minutes, Dam square in 20 minutes, etc. Pretty much everything you might want to see is",,,"Have a great time, but please respect our stuff and neighbors. Kids are welcome, please watch our couch."
