"Our spacious and light apartment with a large balcony is in walking distance from the museums, shopping area, restaurants, etc. The location is quiet but within 5 minutes walk your are in the centre of Amsterdam. Enjoy Amsterdam like a local!","We live in a nice, simple apartment with 1 bedroom 1 large living room (with open kitchen – dishwasher, oven) and 1 bathroom with shower. The apartment is in the west side of the city center of Amsterdam. We live on the 4th floor of a 4-story building with no elevator. Nice friendly neighbors and very private.  The apartment has à great balcony of 20 square meters with view over the city on the sunny west side. Although the apartment is in the center of Amsterdam it is à very quite place.  Neighborhood The old west district is one of the best neighborhoods of Amsterdam. There are lots of amazing restaurants, bars, shops and groceries stores just outside the apartment. The apartment is situated on a former small hospital area from 1890 with great old buildings that are now used as apartments or for small start-up companies. The neighborhood is very quiet no big roads or trams driving by, although they are just 2 minutes walk away. This is a very clean and safe place to live. In the summ","Our spacious and light apartment with a large balcony is in walking distance from the museums, shopping area, restaurants, etc. The location is quiet but within 5 minutes walk your are in the centre of Amsterdam. Enjoy Amsterdam like a local! We live in a nice, simple apartment with 1 bedroom 1 large living room (with open kitchen – dishwasher, oven) and 1 bathroom with shower. The apartment is in the west side of the city center of Amsterdam. We live on the 4th floor of a 4-story building with no elevator. Nice friendly neighbors and very private.  The apartment has à great balcony of 20 square meters with view over the city on the sunny west side. Although the apartment is in the center of Amsterdam it is à very quite place.  Neighborhood The old west district is one of the best neighborhoods of Amsterdam. There are lots of amazing restaurants, bars, shops and groceries stores just outside the apartment. The apartment is situated on a former small hospital area from 1890 with great o","You can find everything in our neighbourhood; from nice restaurants, coffeebars, market, musea, shops, bars, etc. It is the most populair neighbourhood in Amsterdam at the moment. ",The tram stop is just 2 minutes walk from the apartment and can bring you in 10 minutes sto Central Station. ,Treat our house as we do.  Think of our neighbours.  Enjoy Amsterdam as a citizen!
