"In the middle of the citycentre you completely relax in our big studio with your own entrance, fully equiped kitchen and design king-size bed. After shopping in the ""9 straatjes"" or a cultural trip treat yourself in the luxury bathroom.","The studio is situated in the basement of a completely restored four century old canal house; it is 40 m2 with a bathroom (10m2) and an own entrance. The area with hardstone floor and has a completely equipped kitchen with diswasher, refridgerator, microwave/steam oven, a nespresso coffeemaker and two induction cooking plates. The teaktable with design chairs and a big Italian design bed with doors to the courtyard feels if you are at home. There is big flatTv screen with digital canals. the whole studio has free wifi. Beside the studio is an apart luxury bathroom with a free standing bath, a thermostat shower with rainshower, a sink and toilet.  There is much closet space available  ","In the middle of the citycentre you completely relax in our big studio with your own entrance, fully equiped kitchen and design king-size bed. After shopping in the ""9 straatjes"" or a cultural trip treat yourself in the luxury bathroom. The studio is situated in the basement of a completely restored four century old canal house; it is 40 m2 with a bathroom (10m2) and an own entrance. The area with hardstone floor and has a completely equipped kitchen with diswasher, refridgerator, microwave/steam oven, a nespresso coffeemaker and two induction cooking plates. The teaktable with design chairs and a big Italian design bed with doors to the courtyard feels if you are at home. There is big flatTv screen with digital canals. the whole studio has free wifi. Beside the studio is an apart luxury bathroom with a free standing bath, a thermostat shower with rainshower, a sink and toilet.  There is much closet space available  small courtyard (8m2). Hans, Peter and the dog Luna are the owners and","The studio is within the shopping district 'Negen straatjes'.Between Leidsestraat and Raadhuisstraat there is an area known as De 9 Straatjes (The 9 Streets), named after the nine side streets connecting the main canals. Together they constitute a charming neighborhood full of unique shops, wonderful places to have lunch and a great atmosphere.","The studio is 0,3 mile form the tramline 1, 2 and 5. On walking distance to the Flower market, Damsquare. Leidseplein is only 8 minutes walk. Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum en Van Gogh is 15 minutes walk or 5 with the public transport. Anne Frank House is 8 minutes walk",Smoking is not permitted in the house or in the courtyard. Maximum one dog is allowed.
