"Our cool and spacious houseboat offers all the comforts of a modern house in the setting of a canal. Two double bedrooms, a completely furbished kitchen-living, outside boardwalk and terrace with garden view. Located within the city-ring, it features excellent accessiblity to the city, while still maintaining a ""private"" domain with free parking available. Close by is  the former NDSM shipyard, now a popular hotspot/ art venue/ go-to place for festivals and restaurants etc.","Our houseboat on the north bank of the canal ""IJ"" in Amsterdam covers 135 m2, over two floors and a mezzanine. A  spacious and comfortable living kitchen, connected to the living-room, 2 double bedrooms with 2 bathrooms ( Please know there is 1 bathroom stool, shared upstairs), a garden and terrace/boardwalk on the canal side. Fabulous view over the canal. Parking your car is free.  Please inform. quick acces to public transportation by ferry or bus to central station. ( about 20 mins) From inside you enjoy a panoramic view of the canal. The light inside is ever-changing, following the reflections of the water. It is a very quiet and beautiful place, yet still quite central. You will wake up with the sound of ducks tattering away, and the gentle rushing of the water. At night you can light up the fire-place for warm evenings together. In summer you can lounge in a hammock in the garden, take a swim, or start a BBQ.  From our place to central station takes about 20 mins. all in all. (wa","Our cool and spacious houseboat offers all the comforts of a modern house in the setting of a canal. Two double bedrooms, a completely furbished kitchen-living, outside boardwalk and terrace with garden view. Located within the city-ring, it features excellent accessiblity to the city, while still maintaining a ""private"" domain with free parking available. Close by is  the former NDSM shipyard, now a popular hotspot/ art venue/ go-to place for festivals and restaurants etc. Our houseboat on the north bank of the canal ""IJ"" in Amsterdam covers 135 m2, over two floors and a mezzanine. A  spacious and comfortable living kitchen, connected to the living-room, 2 double bedrooms with 2 bathrooms ( Please know there is 1 bathroom stool, shared upstairs), a garden and terrace/boardwalk on the canal side. Fabulous view over the canal. Parking your car is free.  Please inform. quick acces to public transportation by ferry or bus to central station. ( about 20 mins) From inside you enjoy a panora","The district of Amsterdam -North is considered to be one of the up and coming areas in Amsterdam. Only recently described as the new Williamsburg of the Brooklyn ofAmsterdam it was formerly a place where industry and ship-building were the word. Now it is transforming into a birth-place for many young creatives and entrepeneurs. Especially around the water-shores of ""Het IJ"" many interesting sites can be found: -EYE: the new cinema museum. Spectacular architectural design with a beautiful view over the water. It offers an amazing collection of movies and their history. A definite must-see. -NDSM; a former shipyard turned into a cultural venue / art-city. Here, about two hundred artists, designers and architects have their space. It is also home to MTV's European HQ, media producers, as well as other creative industries. Many festivals and other cultural activities. Check out ""Noorderlicht-cafe"" and ""Pllek"" for a relaxed drink&bite with beautiful panoramic view over the water. Generally","From Schiphol-airport you take the train to Amsterdam Central station. From there you can choose from: -Taxi (be sure to make a price of max E 25,00). Cab drivers in Amsterdam can be dodgy, so be careful. -Bus : Take line 35 from central station to ""Molenwijk""and exit at ""Ataturk""-station. 5 mins walk from there to our place. -Ferry: exit north side of central station and take the free ferry to ""NDSM"". Arriving there it's 15 min walking and either we pick you up if possible, or you order a taxi from there. Car-drivers use their NAVI, this usually works fine. Public transportation from our place to Central Station is very accessible, frequent and affordable, by bus or ferry. You might want to buy a public transportation chip-card, but you can also pay cash. The ferries to central station are free of charge, but if you park your car at the terminal be sure to pay a parking fee. In summer, there is a night-ferry service to NDSM. Walking from our place to the ferry-terminal takes about 15 ","We expect our guests to enjoy their stay in a relaxed and responsible manner.  NO PETS ALLOWED, because of our cat. Smokers are kindly requested to do so outside as much as possible The place is for FOUR (4) GUESTS MAXIMUM. If we find that you choose to disregard this rule, we will have no other choice than to cancel your stay immediately and without restitution. This is because of municipal regulations, taxation, and insurance.  Please don't do that, or you will get us (and yourself) into trouble.Please inform with us beforehand."
