,"Modern duplex (two level) apartment of 65 m2 beautifully situated along a historic canal in the citycenter. The building in which the apartment is located, is topped with a spacious panoramic sun terrace. The building has an elevator. The apartment is situated on the second  (top)floor and offers from its both levels scenic views on the canal.  On the lower level of the duplex is situated the living room with open kitchen equipped with dishwasher and oven/micro wave. There is free wireless internet and a large flatscreen TV. On the superior level is the bedroom with a kingsize bed, a large writing desk and luxury bathroom with bathtop and shower.  All the major sights and museums like Hermitage, Maritime Museum, Tropical Institute, Jewish Museum and Eye Filmmuseum are within very short walking distance as well as The Opera House, the Botanical Garden, the historic Portuguese Synagogue, the famous Waterlooplein Market and the Zoo.  Public transport like tram, bus and metro is nearby. Th","Modern duplex (two level) apartment of 65 m2 beautifully situated along a historic canal in the citycenter. The building in which the apartment is located, is topped with a spacious panoramic sun terrace. The building has an elevator. The apartment is situated on the second  (top)floor and offers from its both levels scenic views on the canal.  On the lower level of the duplex is situated the living room with open kitchen equipped with dishwasher and oven/micro wave. There is free wireless internet and a large flatscreen TV. On the superior level is the bedroom with a kingsize bed, a large writing desk and luxury bathroom with bathtop and shower.  All the major sights and museums like Hermitage, Maritime Museum, Tropical Institute, Jewish Museum and Eye Filmmuseum are within very short walking distance as well as The Opera House, the Botanical Garden, the historic Portuguese Synagogue, the famous Waterlooplein Market and the Zoo.  Public transport like tram, bus and metro is nearby. Th",,,NOTE: The occupancy of the apartment is meant for 2 people. Therefore It is not allowed to stay with more than 2 people in the apartment without prior consent of the host. NOTE: It is explicitly not allowed to organize parties or meetings in the apartment.  NOTE: It is not allowed to invite local friends in the apartment.
