"Beautiful designer apartment with Canal view, large patio and jacuzzi. Excellent central location in a beautiful lively area, opposite busting Vondelpark. Only 10 minutes from  famous Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the 17th century canals.","The view provides a unique opportunity to watch trade barges and small boats sail by.  The upscale  'Old South' area offers a vibrant neighborhood feel, yet only a walk through magnificent Vondelpark or 10 minute tram ride to get to the heart of the centre and famous museums. A large supermarket is right next door as well as many trendy restaurants, lunchrooms and cafes. The combined living, dining and kitchen area of this stylish apartment is beautifully designed with a minimalist style. The bright living space is furnished with a comfortable sofa and flat-screen TV with cable and a broad range of international channels, Apple TV, USB and HDMI connect. The living space leads onto a fully-equipped, contemporary kitchen. There is a dining table for 6. A double bedroom features flat-screen TV. The luxurious bathroom has a rainforest shower and a Jacuzzi tub, providing a relaxing end to the day. A charming outdoor area with seating is available.  AMENITIES -40inch flatscreen, cable HDTV a","Beautiful designer apartment with Canal view, large patio and jacuzzi. Excellent central location in a beautiful lively area, opposite busting Vondelpark. Only 10 minutes from  famous Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and the 17th century canals. The view provides a unique opportunity to watch trade barges and small boats sail by.  The upscale  'Old South' area offers a vibrant neighborhood feel, yet only a walk through magnificent Vondelpark or 10 minute tram ride to get to the heart of the centre and famous museums. A large supermarket is right next door as well as many trendy restaurants, lunchrooms and cafes. The combined living, dining and kitchen area of this stylish apartment is beautifully designed with a minimalist style. The bright living space is furnished with a comfortable sofa and flat-screen TV with cable and a broad range of international channels, Apple TV, USB and HDMI connect. The living space leads onto a fully-equipped, contemporary kitchen. There is a dining table for ","The upscale and central 'Old South' area offers a vibrant neighborhood feel but is outside the hustle and bustle of the overly crowded tourist areas. A large supermarket, drugstore, a department store and a bakery are within 250 metres and there are many trendy restaurants and cafes in the neighborhood, as well as a large variety of shops.","There are trams and busses within 300 metres from the apartment that take you anywhere in town.  It takes less then 10 minutes to get to the 17th century innercity. Easy access from both  highway,  Central train station and the airport.","Please treat the apartment as if it is your own property! · We do not allow other people to stay in the Property mentioned at arrival, unless otherwise  discussed and authorized. · For your safety, no lighting of candles, incense or any other burning objects are allowed in the house. Smoking is allowed though, please be careful with the furniture. · There are other people in the building, so please mind and respect the neighbors. Please be  quiet in the patio after 22.00 hours. · Please leave furniture and objects where they are. If you would like to make changes to the layout of the apartment,  please ask and we will arrange it for you. - The cupboards in kitchen and bedroom that are for guests use, are pointed out to you at check in. All others are private. · In case of damage, please inform us within 24hours and in case of severe damage, call us immediately. Enjoy Amsterdam! !"
