"Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment. In the middle of the Jordaan, at the prinsengracht. A spacious, but warm an nicely decorated home. You will feel at home from the second you enter. The neighborhood is just great! Everything you expect from amsterdam!!","IMPORTANT INFO: NO PARTY PEOPLE, NO Party's (Me and my neighbors like our peace and silence. We live in busy area, but the apartment is silent and peaceful. We like to keep that. So no loud music or extreme noise. I'm very strict on this. ) Beautiful, peaceful and luxurious 70m2 apartment.  Located in the middle of Amsterdam. Beautiful view over the Prinsengracht.  Modern light large living room with open kitchen. You will have Apple TV, DVD, 40inch flat screen in the living room and apple radio in bedroom incl charger. A fully equipped kitchen including oil, herbs, cooking books ( I love cooking) and other cooking spices! You will always find some cereals, milk, fresh eggs, juice and drinks in the fridge, it is like being home.  A large bedroom room with access to the roof terrace 20m2. In the summer a great place to relax after a wonderful day sightseeing in Amsterdam, or light up the weber gas bbq! The bedroom is very silent, located in the back of the apartment with light blocking ","Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment. In the middle of the Jordaan, at the prinsengracht. A spacious, but warm an nicely decorated home. You will feel at home from the second you enter. The neighborhood is just great! Everything you expect from amsterdam!! IMPORTANT INFO: NO PARTY PEOPLE, NO Party's (Me and my neighbors like our peace and silence. We live in busy area, but the apartment is silent and peaceful. We like to keep that. So no loud music or extreme noise. I'm very strict on this. ) Beautiful, peaceful and luxurious 70m2 apartment.  Located in the middle of Amsterdam. Beautiful view over the Prinsengracht.  Modern light large living room with open kitchen. You will have Apple TV, DVD, 40inch flat screen in the living room and apple radio in bedroom incl charger. A fully equipped kitchen including oil, herbs, cooking books ( I love cooking) and other cooking spices! You will always find some cereals, milk, fresh eggs, juice and drinks in the fridge, it is like being home.  A large be","De Jordaan, Know for a relaxed atmosfeer, good food, nice places where you can get a drink with many special people. The are a lot of art galleries, which attract many different kind of people. The Elandsgracht has everything, 3 supermarkets, many good restaurants, sushi, indian, vietnamese, italian, french kitchen, a few bakeries, bars, many shops, a coffeeshop, art galleries and many more! On the other site of the bridge you find the ""9 streets"" (1 min walking). here you find a lot more shopping, design shops, and food and places to get a drink. Ooh my god, there is so much choice, I was walking last night through this part and saw so many restaurants i would like to go to spend an evening. Walking distance (min): Leidscheplein:  8 min Anne frank house: 5 min Museumplein: 10 min Bus to airport: 5 min Central station: 15 min",All sort of transport within few min walking.,"-NO PARTY'S Me and my neighbors like our peace and silence. We live in busy area, but the apartment is silent and peaceful. We like to keep that. So no loud music or extreme noise. I'm very strict on this.  -No smoking inside the apartment, on the roof terrace you will find an ashtray for smoking outside. - If you do smoke I have to charge you 350€ cleaning fee. -Use of roof terrace after 22:00 not allowed. -If you have to clean some stain or dirt never use any aggressive cleaning products on the wooden floor or stones surfaces.  -Prohibited to play loud music.  -Use of drugs not allowed. -Consider the neighbours. -When leaving the apartment please check all windows and doors are closed and locked. -Make sure stove is off. -Please leave your shoes in the hall. -When leaving put the garbage outside the apartment on tuesdays and fridays or on the roof terrace on other days."
