"A fully equipped, modern contemporary art gallery on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: the Brouwersgracht. Within walking distance of the central train station, in the middle of the Jordaan, and nearby the beautiful Noordermarkt and the Anna Frank house.","The appartment is situated on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam, the Brouwersgracht. Formerly used as a warehouse for the (beer) brewers, and renovated in 2010 into a contemporary art gallery. Located within walking distance of the central station, and within minutes of the famous Noordermarkt. On this beautiful market there is a flea market each monday 09 -13 hr. Each saturday there is a market at the Lindengracht 09 -16 hr. The apartment has a master bedroom with an attached open bathroom. There is also a double sofa bed and a separate toilet. The appartment is situated within walking distance of many local bars, restaurants, art gallery's, broccante shops and of course ""The Anne Frank house"" and Dam Square. The kitchen has a microwave for small dishes, heated water system, coffee nespresso system, and refrigerator. No cooking facilities, but you don't need this when you are in this area of Amsterdam with all nice dinner places in walking distance.","A fully equipped, modern contemporary art gallery on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam: the Brouwersgracht. Within walking distance of the central train station, in the middle of the Jordaan, and nearby the beautiful Noordermarkt and the Anna Frank house. The appartment is situated on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam, the Brouwersgracht. Formerly used as a warehouse for the (beer) brewers, and renovated in 2010 into a contemporary art gallery. Located within walking distance of the central station, and within minutes of the famous Noordermarkt. On this beautiful market there is a flea market each monday 09 -13 hr. Each saturday there is a market at the Lindengracht 09 -16 hr. The apartment has a master bedroom with an attached open bathroom. There is also a double sofa bed and a separate toilet. The appartment is situated within walking distance of many local bars, restaurants, art gallery's, broccante shops and of course ""The Anne Frank house"" and Dam Square. The kitchen has ","Noordermarkt: - Every Monday Broccante market 09 -13 hours - Several bars, like Proust, Finch, Winkel - Several restaurants Lindengracht: - Every Saturday market 09 -16 hours - Bars such as cafe Thijssen, Papeneiland - Restaurants Toscanini, Daalder Except that there are many art gallery's, the Anne Frank House, Dam Square, Madame Tussauds nearby. You don't have enough time to see it all...","Central station, tram and bus station are within walking distance. Connection between Schiphol Airport and Amsterdam Central Station is excellent, only 25 min. From the central station there is a bus which takes you in only 5 minutes to the apartment.","No smoking, no drugs of any kind No party's or events No pets allowed Repect to the neighgbors"
