"A cosy and modern apartment with all the luxury you need for a short stay! The apartment has a nice balcony and is nearby the train station and the Amstel river. Terraces, cafe's and restaurants around the corner. Lovely area to stay...","The mix of modern Scandinavian design and retro items makes it warm and nice. The atmosphere in the apartment is cosy and very relaxed.   Wifi access available!  I will leave a city map with all highlights of the city. If there is something you want to know about the appartment during your stay you are free to contact.  Near the canals, the Amstel river and an upcoming area with nice bars, restaurants and coffee bars.  Amstelstation nearby (walk distance) Tip!! The cute little Portuguese restaurant at the corner of the street, GIRASSOL :))","A cosy and modern apartment with all the luxury you need for a short stay! The apartment has a nice balcony and is nearby the train station and the Amstel river. Terraces, cafe's and restaurants around the corner. Lovely area to stay... The mix of modern Scandinavian design and retro items makes it warm and nice. The atmosphere in the apartment is cosy and very relaxed.   Wifi access available!  I will leave a city map with all highlights of the city. If there is something you want to know about the appartment during your stay you are free to contact.  Near the canals, the Amstel river and an upcoming area with nice bars, restaurants and coffee bars.  Amstelstation nearby (walk distance) Tip!! The cute little Portuguese restaurant at the corner of the street, GIRASSOL :)) Wifi access  I will leave a city map with all highlights of the city. If there is something you want to know about the appartment during your stay you are free to contact.  Near the canal the Amstel and the area is up","Near the canal the Amstel and the area is upcoming with nice bars, restaurants and coffee bars. ","Amstelstation nearby (train, metro, tram & busses) 1 bike available to use(free)","Keep it neath and clean. Smoking inside not allowed.  No animals allowed.  When leaving the apartment leave all the laundry in the basket in the bathroom.  Keep it calm, it's an apartment so be nice for the neighbors (no loud music and no loud talking on the balcony after 11pm)  Turndown the heating to 16 degrees and take off all the lights when leaving the apt.  But most of all ENJOY my lovely home, sure you will love it!!"
