"My home has the best location you can wish for on a visit to Amsterdam. It has both the view on the Prinsengracht (most famous canal) in the front, and at the back you look at a beautiful peaceful garden. You are in a quiet gem in the heart of Amsterdam. Shops, theatres, bars, parks, markets: they are all within 5 minutes walking. The house is on the Prinsengracht very close to the Pullitzer hotel (see (Hidden by Airbnb) maps, it is really the best place) And it is luxurious, I am sure you will love it!","There are two bedrooms, a bathroom, open kitchen and living room. The livingroom has three windows with a beautiful view on the most famous canal of Amsterdam (the Prinsengracht). You will be able to see the boats come by at the best location anyone visiting Amsterdam could dream off. The bedrooms are quiet at the back - facing the beautiful and peaceful garden.  You are in the heart of the city, with the best views and close to everywhere (within 5 minutes walking from Vondelpark, boutique shops of the '9 streets', Leidseplein etc). I sincerely believe this is the best location for a visit to Amsterdam!","My home has the best location you can wish for on a visit to Amsterdam. It has both the view on the Prinsengracht (most famous canal) in the front, and at the back you look at a beautiful peaceful garden. You are in a quiet gem in the heart of Amsterdam. Shops, theatres, bars, parks, markets: they are all within 5 minutes walking. The house is on the Prinsengracht very close to the Pullitzer hotel (see (Hidden by Airbnb) maps, it is really the best place) And it is luxurious, I am sure you will love it! There are two bedrooms, a bathroom, open kitchen and living room. The livingroom has three windows with a beautiful view on the most famous canal of Amsterdam (the Prinsengracht). You will be able to see the boats come by at the best location anyone visiting Amsterdam could dream off. The bedrooms are quiet at the back - facing the beautiful and peaceful garden.  You are in the heart of the city, with the best views and close to everywhere (within 5 minutes walking from Vondelpark, bout","You are within 5 minute walking distance from the '9 streets' with it's boutique shops, the most popular park of Amsterdam: the Vondelpark, the theatres at the Leidseplein, the bars and markets of the Jordaan. Everything you will want to see in Amsterdam is at your doorstep!",There are paid parking spots in the street.  I recommend to rent a bike when in Amsterdam!,"Neat and quiet people are very welcome, but if you want to be able to make noise, smoke or hang out in front of the house, I think another place will be more suitable for you (sorry I have to be very strict about this)."
