"In the Pijp, one of the most fun parts in the heart of Amsterdam, lies my big apartment on the 1st floor! This light and spacious apartment has 1 bedroom for guests, a kitchen and seperate living room with a sleeping sofa. A balcony on the south and a separate toilet and shower/bathroom. With 85 m2, it is a very comfortable home away from home! With the beautiful Sarphatipark around the corner, many bakeries, cafe's and lots of bars this is the perfect place to discover the city of Amsterdam.","A unique and very light apartment in the centre of Amsterdam with little cafe's, a beautiful park and the famous Albert Cuyp market around the corner! Well isolated apartment so perfect to relax and rest but many little cafe's and bars within a 2 minute walk if you want to go out! Large spaces, cute balcony and everything you need is here!","In the Pijp, one of the most fun parts in the heart of Amsterdam, lies my big apartment on the 1st floor! This light and spacious apartment has 1 bedroom for guests, a kitchen and seperate living room with a sleeping sofa. A balcony on the south and a separate toilet and shower/bathroom. With 85 m2, it is a very comfortable home away from home! With the beautiful Sarphatipark around the corner, many bakeries, cafe's and lots of bars this is the perfect place to discover the city of Amsterdam. A unique and very light apartment in the centre of Amsterdam with little cafe's, a beautiful park and the famous Albert Cuyp market around the corner! Well isolated apartment so perfect to relax and rest but many little cafe's and bars within a 2 minute walk if you want to go out! Large spaces, cute balcony and everything you need is here! You have your own comfortable guest bedroom with a nice view on the balcony and a large window. You have access to the living room, balcony, bathroom (including","The neighbourhood is lively but quiet. I know all my neighbours and there are always people around. I like that there is much green, and that my favourite getta ways are right around the corner; Famous Albert Cuyp market for my food shopping, Sarphati Park for a relaxing picnic with some wine, and the Gambrinus pub, Volt Restaurant and many other places to have a drink with friends! Also, within a 12 minute walk you'll find the Museum Square and Vondelpark!","There are three different trams that stop in front of my door, which are the 24 (from Central Station to herE) 3 (from east to west) and 12 (from South to West).  Arriving from the airport you can easily take the train to 'Amsterdam Zuid', get off there and walk towards the busses, on the bridge outside. Once here, take bus 65 to KLSM Islands, and get off at the stop ""Scheldestraat"". From here it is an easy straight walk of 5 minutes in North direction to the apartment.  Arriving at Central Station Amsterdam, please take Tram 24 towards ""VU Medisch Centrum"" and get off at ""Ceintuurbaan/Ferdinand Bolstraat"" (one stop after Albert Cuyp market). It is 20 meters to the apartment from here, litterly around the corner.","- Please no smoking in the apartment (allowed on the balcony with open doors and closed door to living room) - Please be respectful of the neighbors (keep noises down at night, try not to slam the door, etc).  - When you check out, please lock the door throw the key in the mailbox downstairs, then text or call me to let me know you've gone. Basicly, just be clean, quiet after 22.00 at night with music and stuff and don't break my favourite Buddah! :-)"
