"Ons heerlijke en comfortabele appartement is net gerenoveerd en voldoet aan alle gemakken. Dingen die je top zult vinden - Loopafstand van Jordaan, Leidse plein en Vondelpark - Grote keuken, bank, balkon en 2-persoons bad Een fijn thuis in A'dam!","Ons heerlijke en comfortabele appartement is net gerenoveerd en voldoet aan alle gemakken. Dingen die je top zult vinden - Loopafstand van Jordaan, Leidse plein en Vondelpark - Grote keuken, bank, balkon en 2-persoons bad Een fijn thuis in A'dam! Do you want to be our first guest at our big stylish clean place? We have a lovely 2 persons bath, really nice bed and big kitchen with everything you need!! We just renovated the whole house in november, so everything is almost new! It is about 75m2 so big enough for the two of you. Things you wil love - Walking distance to Vondelpark (3 min) - Walking distance to Jordaan (10 min) - Walking distance to Leidse square (10 min) - Big couch and TV if you're tired - Massive bath - Nice kithen with bar to whatch the other cook ;) - Kitchen with all kitchen supplies you need - We will provide fresh towels - Balcony with sun, if the wheater is good! You will have access to the whole apartment apart from 1 room which we will lock. This is our clothing","Ons heerlijke en comfortabele appartement is net gerenoveerd en voldoet aan alle gemakken. Dingen die je top zult vinden - Loopafstand van Jordaan, Leidse plein en Vondelpark - Grote keuken, bank, balkon en 2-persoons bad Een fijn thuis in A'dam! Ons heerlijke en comfortabele appartement is net gerenoveerd en voldoet aan alle gemakken. Dingen die je top zult vinden - Loopafstand van Jordaan, Leidse plein en Vondelpark - Grote keuken, bank, balkon en 2-persoons bad Een fijn thuis in A'dam! Do you want to be our first guest at our big stylish clean place? We have a lovely 2 persons bath, really nice bed and big kitchen with everything you need!! We just renovated the whole house in november, so everything is almost new! It is about 75m2 so big enough for the two of you. Things you wil love - Walking distance to Vondelpark (3 min) - Walking distance to Jordaan (10 min) - Walking distance to Leidse square (10 min) - Big couch and TV if you're tired - Massive bath - Nice kithen with bar to ",Lots of little bars around our neighbourhood and the vondelpark really nearby!,We live next to a tram stop which will take you everywhere. But ofcourse we recommend you to rent a bike :) best way to explore the city.,We naturally expect you to respect our stuff :)
