,"Modern apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. The apartment is within walking distance to all attractions. 2 minute walk to Dam square, near restaurants, Coffee shop ""The Bulldog"" 10 seconds walk. View from the canal. 1 bedroom apartment, double bed, luxury kitchen, separate toitlet, bathroom. Wireless-Internet. Coffee and tea on the house. The photos speak for themselves! I actually have 2 more apartments with EXCELLENT REVIEWS which you can read more about if you search on Amsterdam, Boeroestraat here on Airbnb. For more general information on the area (from Wikipedia) please read on.... Amsterdam, capital of the Netherlands, has been called the ""Venice of the North"" for its more than one hundred kilometres of canals, about 90 islands and 1,500 bridges. The three main canals, Herengracht, Prinsengracht, and Keizersgracht, dug in the 17th century during the Dutch Golden Age, form concentric belts around the city, known as the grachtengordel.  Alongside the main canals are 1550 monumenta","Modern apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. The apartment is within walking distance to all attractions. 2 minute walk to Dam square, near restaurants, Coffee shop ""The Bulldog"" 10 seconds walk. View from the canal. 1 bedroom apartment, double bed, luxury kitchen, separate toitlet, bathroom. Wireless-Internet. Coffee and tea on the house. The photos speak for themselves! I actually have 2 more apartments with EXCELLENT REVIEWS which you can read more about if you search on Amsterdam, Boeroestraat here on Airbnb. For more general information on the area (from Wikipedia) please read on.... Amsterdam, capital of the Netherlands, has been called the ""Venice of the North"" for its more than one hundred kilometres of canals, about 90 islands and 1,500 bridges. The three main canals, Herengracht, Prinsengracht, and Keizersgracht, dug in the 17th century during the Dutch Golden Age, form concentric belts around the city, known as the grachtengordel.  Alongside the main canals are 1550 monumenta",,,"- Please treat this place as it is yours. - Please have some respect for the apartment, belongings and the environment.  - We try to be as 'green' as possible, so please help in turning light when you're not at home as well as turning down the heating on 16 degrees.  - Please leave the apartment as you found it."
