,"A spacious (80m2), very bright double room apartment. In about 10 minutes you will be in the heart of amsterdam by public transport. The tram stop is located in a 2-minute walk from the house. The apartment is very bright and fully furnished and equipped. 1 bedroom with double bed. Large bright living room with digital TV / radio, WiFi, home cinema and iPod docking station. If you like sports then you can also enjoy the sports channels ""ziggo sport"" and ""eredivisie live"". With these channels you can view lots of live european soccermatches. Also availible: dining table with chairs, two and three seater sofas. shower and toilet are seperate and in the bathroom are a washer and dryer. kitchen with gas oven / microwave, toaster, blender, refrigerator and dishwasher. There is also an espresso machine available to enjoy  your fresh espresso, coffee, cappuccino or latte macchiato at any time of the day. Furthermore the house has a front and rear balcony. Within walking distance there are sup","A spacious (80m2), very bright double room apartment. In about 10 minutes you will be in the heart of amsterdam by public transport. The tram stop is located in a 2-minute walk from the house. The apartment is very bright and fully furnished and equipped. 1 bedroom with double bed. Large bright living room with digital TV / radio, WiFi, home cinema and iPod docking station. If you like sports then you can also enjoy the sports channels ""ziggo sport"" and ""eredivisie live"". With these channels you can view lots of live european soccermatches. Also availible: dining table with chairs, two and three seater sofas. shower and toilet are seperate and in the bathroom are a washer and dryer. kitchen with gas oven / microwave, toaster, blender, refrigerator and dishwasher. There is also an espresso machine available to enjoy  your fresh espresso, coffee, cappuccino or latte macchiato at any time of the day. Furthermore the house has a front and rear balcony. Within walking distance there are sup",,,"Nothing special, just normal behavior: Please respect my neighbors. That means: no loud music, parties, etc. No crazy jumping around or slamming doors in the house or on the stairs. No cigarettes or other stuff to be thrown down on the neighbors terrace. Just be respectful basically. Normal common sense. I expect you'll handle my apartment and everything in it with care.  Smoking is allowed only outside on the balcony.  Pets allowed under certain conditions If you have any specific questions regarding house rules feel free to contact me."
