"My home is in a quiet alley just behind the Dam. You'll be in the middle of everything but still enjoy a good night sleep. With a spacious living room, open & fully equipped kitchen, extra large bathtub, separate shower you'll be very comfortable.","A modern 90m2 one-bedroom apartment with all comforts. Large living room with fully equipped open kitchen, bathroom with rain shower and large bath, bedroom with electric shutters for darkness and silence. A balcony with a lounge corner.  The location is literally 50 metres from the Dam Square, the center of the center of Amsterdam, from which everything is at walking distance. (or biking distance!). You can walk to the Anne Frank house, the Noordermarkt, de boutique shops in the Jordaan, the Central Station, the Waterloo square, Rembrandt square and so on. Also, there is public transport connections to everywhere.  Because I work abroad a lot (I work as a film director), this seemed like a great way to rent out my place when I'm not there. It's really a super comfortable house and quiet even though it's in the middle of the middle of Amsterdam.     Please contact me if you're interested. I'm really flexible in terms of check-ins and timings.  Best, Willem The whole apartment, no shari","My home is in a quiet alley just behind the Dam. You'll be in the middle of everything but still enjoy a good night sleep. With a spacious living room, open & fully equipped kitchen, extra large bathtub, separate shower you'll be very comfortable. A modern 90m2 one-bedroom apartment with all comforts. Large living room with fully equipped open kitchen, bathroom with rain shower and large bath, bedroom with electric shutters for darkness and silence. A balcony with a lounge corner.  The location is literally 50 metres from the Dam Square, the center of the center of Amsterdam, from which everything is at walking distance. (or biking distance!). You can walk to the Anne Frank house, the Noordermarkt, de boutique shops in the Jordaan, the Central Station, the Waterloo square, Rembrandt square and so on. Also, there is public transport connections to everywhere.  Because I work abroad a lot (I work as a film director), this seemed like a great way to rent out my place when I'm not there. I",,,"GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
