"Luxury Historic Amsterdam Apartment with characteristic high ceilings and two luxury balkonies.  The house is full of all needed appliances like washing machine, cooking island, microwave, fridge, oven, steam oven, blow dryer, iron, flatscreen TV, and king sized bed. It is located on the canals, 5 minutes walking from all the greater museums, bars, churches, Anne Frank's house and the best apple pie in town. Super connected: 0,5 minute from buses, trams and taxi's to the airport.","EXCELLENT LOCATED IN THE AMSTERDAM CENTER Luxury Historic Amsterdam Apartment with characteristic high ceilings and lots of light. 5 minutes walking from all the greater Museums, bars, churches, Anne Frank's house and more. Super connected: 0,5 minute from buses, trams and taxi's to the airport.  Within 5 minutes walk you can locate Anne Frank's House, Leidse Square (Leidseplein), the 16th age Canal Belt (Grachtengordel), the Wester- and Northern Church and the trendy 17th age ""Negen Straatjes"". Everything in the house is brand new adding to the luxury experience of the house. Chill out on the balkony after a fun day in town.  High ceilings and big windows make for lots of light, sun and warmth. Furthermore it's good to note that balkonies are really hard to come by in Amsterdam. The apartment is equiped with over 10m2 sun bathed balkony where you can have some outside Amsterdam to yourself.  Would you like to retreat after a busy day? That is no problem with this apartment. It offers ","Luxury Historic Amsterdam Apartment with characteristic high ceilings and two luxury balkonies.  The house is full of all needed appliances like washing machine, cooking island, microwave, fridge, oven, steam oven, blow dryer, iron, flatscreen TV, and king sized bed. It is located on the canals, 5 minutes walking from all the greater museums, bars, churches, Anne Frank's house and the best apple pie in town. Super connected: 0,5 minute from buses, trams and taxi's to the airport. EXCELLENT LOCATED IN THE AMSTERDAM CENTER Luxury Historic Amsterdam Apartment with characteristic high ceilings and lots of light. 5 minutes walking from all the greater Museums, bars, churches, Anne Frank's house and more. Super connected: 0,5 minute from buses, trams and taxi's to the airport.  Within 5 minutes walk you can locate Anne Frank's House, Leidse Square (Leidseplein), the 16th age Canal Belt (Grachtengordel), the Wester- and Northern Church and the trendy 17th age ""Negen Straatjes"". Everything in ","What I love about the Jordaan is that it's always cozy, with always people pit and about foing their thing. It's a neighbourhood that throughout the history of Amsterdam has evolved from a working class area into a hip, trendy but o so cozy and beautiful area to visit museums, dine, go for drinks, visit one of the over 120! traditional cafe's, shop or do sightseeying of traditional Dutch heratage architecture. I never get bored walking around in the Jordaan!","Public transport stopt 10 seconds walking from the apartment. Trams, buses and even taxi's are all at arms length.","Do's: *  feel free to use the washing machine and drying rack *  feel free to cook using the cooking island *  watch tv, browse the web, chill out on the balkony: enjoy! Dont's: * no smoking in the house * no parties within the house * free to cook and use any of the dishes or eating utensils, please just put them in the dish washer when you're done with them"
