"Just 1 minute from the Damsquare in Amsterdam (central point) a quiet guesthouse 35 m2 (own bedroom, living room & bathroom). It is a typical old house in Amsterdam, but recently renovated. Read all the reviews and the other guests will convince you.","On the top floor (3d) of our unique historic storage house, built in 1737, we are offering an unique guesthouse. It is located just a few meters away from Damsquare, in the heart of Amsterdam and within walking distance from the train station, shopping streets, museums, bars and restaurants, etc. It is the perfect location for sure!! This is a street where origins go back well before 1342,  Nieuwezijdsvoorburgwal, the oldest city walls of Amsterdam. From that time nothing was in Amsterdam, a few pieces of Old Church after. The oldest building in the Pieter Jacobsz Street, between 17th-or 18th-century. We are offering a bedroom, a living room with tv/dvd and minibar, and a bathroom with sink, toilet, shower and a 2 person jacuzzi. This is all for your PRIVATE use in our house. In fact you will be renting the whole 3rd floor of our house! so that will give you a lot of privacy. There is wireless internet throughout our house. All is included in the price. Breakfast is not included in the","Just 1 minute from the Damsquare in Amsterdam (central point) a quiet guesthouse 35 m2 (own bedroom, living room & bathroom). It is a typical old house in Amsterdam, but recently renovated. Read all the reviews and the other guests will convince you. On the top floor (3d) of our unique historic storage house, built in 1737, we are offering an unique guesthouse. It is located just a few meters away from Damsquare, in the heart of Amsterdam and within walking distance from the train station, shopping streets, museums, bars and restaurants, etc. It is the perfect location for sure!! This is a street where origins go back well before 1342,  Nieuwezijdsvoorburgwal, the oldest city walls of Amsterdam. From that time nothing was in Amsterdam, a few pieces of Old Church after. The oldest building in the Pieter Jacobsz Street, between 17th-or 18th-century. We are offering a bedroom, a living room with tv/dvd and minibar, and a bathroom with sink, toilet, shower and a 2 person jacuzzi. This is a","The small guesthouse is very central situated, just a few meters from Dam Square what is considered to be the central point of Amsterdam. Although very central, it is very quiet in the guesthouse.","From Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Taxi You can take a taxi from the airport for about EUR 45 one way. It will take about 30 minutes. Train You can take a train from the airport to Amsterdam Central Station for a few EUR per person one way. Traveling time is about 20 minutes. From 6 AM intil 24 PM at least 4 trains per hour, rest of the day at least two trains per hour. From Amsterdam Central Station Tram You can take a tram in front of Central Station, get out at the first stop. Tram numbers 4, 9, 16, 24, 25.  By Car Coming from outside the city follow the signs for ""CENTRUM"". You will be ending up on the Dam Square close to the guesthouse. The Guesthouse does not have a private parking space. Be aware that parking in the centre of Amsterdam is not for free (quite expensive and difficult to park your car). Public transport Tram  The location is in Amsterdam central to everything, it's rather amazing. However, it is in a quiet street, but food and the hustle and bustle of Dam Square is no",It's a non smoking space. There is a patio downstairs where you can smoke.
