"Welcome to my little gem Cozy, bright and romantic one bedroom apartment on the first floor of a three story house in the center, right on one of the most beautiful canals in Amsterdam.","Welcome to my little gem Romantic apartment in the heart of the historic and vibrant Jordaan neighbourhood of Amsterdam , very much the perfect base from which to explore the city - away from the tourist traps Romantic and stylish apartment, It's the perfect base from which to explore Amsterdam from. I've already had some great people come and stay, so I welcome you to my home. Anne Frank Museum, Saturday Noordermarkt Market and Central Station is a short walk away from the apartment My apartment is on the first floor  with views of one of Amsterdam's most beautiful canals - the Brouwersgracht. With all mod cons and a unique location, this is the perfect apartment to have as a base while you explore Amsterdam. The apartment is North facing with many windows so it's full of light (but not direct sunlight) by day. The bedroom has a cupboard to hang clothes/store shoes etc. There is also an ironing board/iron and a hair dryer here as well. The bathroom has a bath and a rain shower inside ","Welcome to my little gem Cozy, bright and romantic one bedroom apartment on the first floor of a three story house in the center, right on one of the most beautiful canals in Amsterdam. Welcome to my little gem Romantic apartment in the heart of the historic and vibrant Jordaan neighbourhood of Amsterdam , very much the perfect base from which to explore the city - away from the tourist traps Romantic and stylish apartment, It's the perfect base from which to explore Amsterdam from. I've already had some great people come and stay, so I welcome you to my home. Anne Frank Museum, Saturday Noordermarkt Market and Central Station is a short walk away from the apartment My apartment is on the first floor  with views of one of Amsterdam's most beautiful canals - the Brouwersgracht. With all mod cons and a unique location, this is the perfect apartment to have as a base while you explore Amsterdam. The apartment is North facing with many windows so it's full of light (but not direct sunlight","The Jordaan is possibly the most famous neighbourhood in the Netherlands. Akin to the reputation enjoyed by London’s Cockneys, this once working-class bastion was renowned for tight community bonds, radical politics and a love for drink and over-the-top sing-a-longs. Gentrification of decades past has attracted more galleries, restaurants, specialty shops and upwardly-mobile residents to its scenic streets but there’s undeniably still a distinct atmosphere to be enjoyed here. The neighbourhood is perfect. Quiet but offers many restaurants and shops within a 5-10 minute walking radius. Located in a UNESCO protected area with many canals and iconic buildings Location - old Jordaan is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful and vibrant areas in Amsterdam and in the world, and about everything, especially on the bike . View is unparalleled : All six windows look out to the magical Brouwersgracht canal where you can have the best vantage point for the slow pace of swans , boats , herons and l","Central station offers good connections to all parts of Amsterdam. It's within a scenic 15 minute walk from the flat. Alternatively, trams and busses are available from Marnixtraat within a 5 minute walk",
