"Spacious room with very comfortable bed and private en-suite bathroom in Amsterdam's historic city centre. The room is located perfectly in between Amsterdam's old canals, the trendy 'nine-streets', the Royal Palace and the Anne Frank Museum. Dutch breakfast is included. Unique is the large sundeck with shower on the roof-terrace. The room views the roofs of 17th century Amsterdam and the old tower of the Westerkerk.","Spacious and very comfortable room in an upmarket apartment in the centre of Amsterdam.  Located right in between the Anne Frank house, the old canals and Amsterdam's most trendy part of the centre, the Jordaan district. The room is equipped with a king sized box-spring bed that is a heaven of comfort after a long day in town. The room is furnished with chairs, a table, dress-boy, TV, DVD and a build-in cabinet. The room includes a private bathroom with shower and washbasin.  Room includes: - King-size box-spring hotel bed  - TV/DVD  - Desk + chair - Free WiFi internet connection  - Towels and bed linen - Shower - Breakfast - Coffee/tea (free to take all day) - Cleaning The room is luxurious, modern and spacious for Amsterdam City Center standards and located on the third floor of a newly renovated old Amsterdam house. The room views Amsterdam's famous Westerkerk tower, next to the Anne Frank Museum. The room includes access to the private large-scale roof terrace with sun deck, electr","Spacious room with very comfortable bed and private en-suite bathroom in Amsterdam's historic city centre. The room is located perfectly in between Amsterdam's old canals, the trendy 'nine-streets', the Royal Palace and the Anne Frank Museum. Dutch breakfast is included. Unique is the large sundeck with shower on the roof-terrace. The room views the roofs of 17th century Amsterdam and the old tower of the Westerkerk. Spacious and very comfortable room in an upmarket apartment in the centre of Amsterdam.  Located right in between the Anne Frank house, the old canals and Amsterdam's most trendy part of the centre, the Jordaan district. The room is equipped with a king sized box-spring bed that is a heaven of comfort after a long day in town. The room is furnished with chairs, a table, dress-boy, TV, DVD and a build-in cabinet. The room includes a private bathroom with shower and washbasin.  Room includes: - King-size box-spring hotel bed  - TV/DVD  - Desk + chair - Free WiFi internet con","The room is located in the Jordaan, Amsterdam’s most popular city centre area.  The Jordaan is popular for its trendy shops and cosy bars and restaurants and the famous Noordermarkt, a farmers-market and a flea-market that takes on Saturday and on Monday.  Stepping out of our door you find yourself immediately in between the most beautiful part of the historical canals and next to Anne Frank Museum and the Wester Church.  Amsterdam Central Station, the Dam square, Red Light District, China Town, the trendy '9 streets', the parks and all museums are all walking distance.  You will find public transport, trams stops, tour boats and a taxi stop and also several bike rentals around the corner.","From Schiphol Airport:  Taxi: 30-40 euro Train: take train to central station. Buy ticket in exit hall airport ( few euros pp). From Central Station: tram 17, buy ticket (2,90 euro pp) inside tram, exit 3rd stop (westermarkt/Anne Frank museum) then cross bridge in front of church tower, turn right at first street walk (Prinsengracht), then 4th street left. Or simply take the taxi from central station ( appr. 8-10 euro) or walk ( 15-20 minutes).","Check out -Check out time of the room is 11:00 hours, 11AM, unless otherwise agreed with the host. -It is sometimes possible to leave luggage behind a bit longer and pick them up later.  -In case of loss of the main house door key a charge of 50 euro applies. Entering/Leaving the house -The entrance door needs to be locked at all times when leaving the building. Your room -The rooms are being cleaned once a week for long-term guests.  -Towels are included. -Bed linen is provided. -Your room door can be locked with a key. We recommend you to lock the door of your room when you leave the house.  Laundry service -We offer full laundry service. Additional fee of euro 8,- applies for one load of laundry washing + drying. To be paid in cash upon check-out. Shared areas -A shared area is a room or space in the house that we share with all guests. These are the large bathroom and toilet in the hallway, the dining area, the kitchen, the living room and the roof terrace.  Roof terrace -Please al"
