"Light and classic,  well located Amsterdam apartment in popular upcoming neighborhood. Just 10 minutes from the city centre. Public transport stops in front of the door. Bike rental around the corner. Walking distance to Westerpark, Erasmuspark, Jordaan, de Hallen. Lot's of restaurants and bars at walking distance.  Two balcony's on both sides of the apartment. Large bathtub and luxurious kitchen.  TV with PS, netflix and stereo, fast WIFI connection.",Livingroom with open kitchen. This is a very light room with daylight coming in from both sides. Big dining table. Very suitable for people who love to cook. Comfortable bedroom with large 2 pers. bed. Bathroom with large bathtub and rain shower.  Renvated 1920's apartment. Light & modern. Upcoming location near citycentre. Carefully picked and chosen interior. Warm and retro/trendy.  2 balconies: One large balcony  and one small french balcony.,"Light and classic,  well located Amsterdam apartment in popular upcoming neighborhood. Just 10 minutes from the city centre. Public transport stops in front of the door. Bike rental around the corner. Walking distance to Westerpark, Erasmuspark, Jordaan, de Hallen. Lot's of restaurants and bars at walking distance.  Two balcony's on both sides of the apartment. Large bathtub and luxurious kitchen.  TV with PS, netflix and stereo, fast WIFI connection. Livingroom with open kitchen. This is a very light room with daylight coming in from both sides. Big dining table. Very suitable for people who love to cook. Comfortable bedroom with large 2 pers. bed. Bathroom with large bathtub and rain shower.  Renvated 1920's apartment. Light & modern. Upcoming location near citycentre. Carefully picked and chosen interior. Warm and retro/trendy.  2 balconies: One large balcony  and one small french balcony. Acces to all rooms: - livingroom/kitchen - bedroom -bathroom -restroom Propbably I will be pre",Near Westerpark. This park includes many trendy bars and restaurants and has a sunday food and vintage market.,City transport stops in front of our door.,Be careful with my furniture. The marble kitchentop and oak wooden floor need to be handled with care.
