This luxurious beautiful apartment  is at the border of the city center in a quit neighbourhood . There is a car-free square in front of the house where you can sit and relax and enjoy the sun with nice architecture. Its located at the ground floor with a small private garden only for you where you can smoke or play chess/relax.  In the kitchen you can cook your meals.   PLEASE NOTE THAT THE 2  PEOPLE WILL SLEEP IN A AIRMATRES IN THE LIVING ROOM OR IN THE BIG SLEEPINGROOM WITH THE 2 SINGLEBEDS.,This beautiful  spacious (68m2) 2 bedroom apartment is carefully is at the border of the city center .   There is  a car-free square in front of the house where you can sit and relax and enjoy the sun with nice architecture.  Its located at the  ground floor with a small little garden behind the apartment where you can smoke and have some fresh air. Located in a calm neighbourhood is perfect to enjoy Amsterdam and have your own space without the noise  from the city center..  Can accomodate to 5 people. The 5th and 6the person will sleep on a confortable airmatres . (You can put the airmatres on the bedroom or on the livingroom what you want) . Its also possible to put a singel bed on the living room but a an airmatres is easier then you can put it or on top of the beds or aside and have space. You cal also make your meals in the luxury fully equipped kitchen.,This luxurious beautiful apartment  is at the border of the city center in a quit neighbourhood . There is a car-free square in front of the house where you can sit and relax and enjoy the sun with nice architecture. Its located at the ground floor with a small private garden only for you where you can smoke or play chess/relax.  In the kitchen you can cook your meals.   PLEASE NOTE THAT THE 2  PEOPLE WILL SLEEP IN A AIRMATRES IN THE LIVING ROOM OR IN THE BIG SLEEPINGROOM WITH THE 2 SINGLEBEDS. This beautiful  spacious (68m2) 2 bedroom apartment is carefully is at the border of the city center .   There is  a car-free square in front of the house where you can sit and relax and enjoy the sun with nice architecture.  Its located at the  ground floor with a small little garden behind the apartment where you can smoke and have some fresh air. Located in a calm neighbourhood is perfect to enjoy Amsterdam and have your own space without the noise  from the city center..  Can accomodate to 5,"Its near the Amstel and the neighborhood is the skinny Bridge, Hermitage museum, Albert cuyp market and Utrechtsestraat with lots of nice boutiques, discos, bars and cozy restaurants. Its near the center! There  is a garage at the corner of the apartment 10 euro for 24 hours. There are also other  places where you can park for free e.g Diemen-Zuid close to the metro station. I live very close to the metro station 5 minutes walk.","The city center is 10 mins by bike or 5 minutes with public transport.   The tram will drop you off at Museum Square in front of the Concert Hall, Stedelijk Museum, Vincent Van Gogh Museum and Rijksmuseum, leidsplein, rembrandtplein etc.  You can also do the dutch style -  rent a bike. You can leave your stuff in the appartment and come for them later no problem. Next to my house there is a garage that charges 10 euro for 24 hours!!. There are places near the apartment where you can park for free and they are near the metro station. I live very close to the metro station 5 minutes walk.",Its a quiet neighbourhood so better no loud music or noise in the evenings please. No smoking in the house if you want to smoke there is a small garden outside. No lighting candels. Pls just treat the appartment as your own.
