"Nice design apartment in one of the most characteristic areas in Amsterdam; Bickerseiland. Once you step outside you are in the middle of it all: little stores in the Haarlemmerstraat, street markets, excellent restaurants and unique local bars. You'll find a lovely place to just chill out. All Amsterdam's sights like Anne Frank house are within walking distance. Only 10 minutes walking from the central station. Really central for pretty much anything you might want to do but not too crowded.","The recently renovated apartment consists of two floors in a typical, authentic Amsterdam house. The apartment is full of pleasant contrasts. It is an amazingly peaceful haven in the middle of the rustling and bustling Amsterdam. An authentic Amsterdam house with original details and at the same time it is modern and bright. The ground floor is a loft-like space with the living room and kitchen. The open stairs lead you to the first level with the bedroom with queen size bed and bathroom. The apartment is nice for everyone and especially convenient for couples and for couples with small children. We are happy to share our enthusiam for Amsterdam and the Jordaan with you and to give away our tips on how to live like a local.We love our home and love to share it with you. We are quite sure that you will enjoy it as much as we do. It won't be a great offer to care for our apartment and respect the peace of our neighbors.","Nice design apartment in one of the most characteristic areas in Amsterdam; Bickerseiland. Once you step outside you are in the middle of it all: little stores in the Haarlemmerstraat, street markets, excellent restaurants and unique local bars. You'll find a lovely place to just chill out. All Amsterdam's sights like Anne Frank house are within walking distance. Only 10 minutes walking from the central station. Really central for pretty much anything you might want to do but not too crowded. The recently renovated apartment consists of two floors in a typical, authentic Amsterdam house. The apartment is full of pleasant contrasts. It is an amazingly peaceful haven in the middle of the rustling and bustling Amsterdam. An authentic Amsterdam house with original details and at the same time it is modern and bright. The ground floor is a loft-like space with the living room and kitchen. The open stairs lead you to the first level with the bedroom with queen size bed and bathroom. The apar",,,"Smoking outside The bed sheets will be clean and fresh when you check-in. Also clean towels will be provided.  We'll clean the apartment including bathroom before your arrival. When you are checking-out please leave the apartment the way you've found it: clean & tidy. Left-over food, bottles, cans should be thrown away in the trash bin.  You can use all kitchenware but when you are leaving please make sure that kitchen and all kitchenware are clean & tidy."
