"Luxurious apartment with two balconies beautifully located near all famous locations in Amsterdam. This 70 m2 apartment has recently been fully renovated and is located on the third floor. It has a nice living room with and a beautiful view on the buildings garden space and an open and fully furnished kitchen with microwave/oven and Nespresso machine (coffee included!). Next to the bedroom you’ll find the bathroom which includes shower and bathtub and washing machine and a dryer. All public transportations (metro, tram and bus) are just a few steps away easily reaching all parts of Amsterdam. Amsterdam Centraal station is only 3 metro stops away (5 min). The apartment is ideally located at a close distance to the Hermitage Museum (15 min walk), the Skinny bridge (15 min), the Utrechtstraat shopping- and restaurants street (15 min), Albert Cuyp market (10 min), the Rembrandtplein (15 min), the Waterlooplein's flee market (10 min), Artis Zoo (10 min), City Centre (15 min) and Museumplein",Location!,"Luxurious apartment with two balconies beautifully located near all famous locations in Amsterdam. This 70 m2 apartment has recently been fully renovated and is located on the third floor. It has a nice living room with and a beautiful view on the buildings garden space and an open and fully furnished kitchen with microwave/oven and Nespresso machine (coffee included!). Next to the bedroom you’ll find the bathroom which includes shower and bathtub and washing machine and a dryer. All public transportations (metro, tram and bus) are just a few steps away easily reaching all parts of Amsterdam. Amsterdam Centraal station is only 3 metro stops away (5 min). The apartment is ideally located at a close distance to the Hermitage Museum (15 min walk), the Skinny bridge (15 min), the Utrechtstraat shopping- and restaurants street (15 min), Albert Cuyp market (10 min), the Rembrandtplein (15 min), the Waterlooplein's flee market (10 min), Artis Zoo (10 min), City Centre (15 min) and Museumplein",,,Non-smoking.
