"Central but tranquil, private and light entire home in the the former passenger vessel Sachsen-Anhalt 10 minutes from Central Station. On this houseboat you'll have a roofed terrace overlooking the pier, fully equipped galley plus bedroom, bathroom and living room for a luxury stay in Amsterdam.","Welcome aboard! We have a special apartment on our former passenger ship available. You can call the rear 6 of that looong row of 13 windows yours. There's one bedroom with a double bed. There's plenty of room for a single or double bed plus a children's bed which we have available. Central but tranquil, private and light home in the former passenger vessel Sachsen-Anhalt. On this houseboat you'll have all plus a roofed terrace overlooking the marina. Central Station is 10 minutes by bus, the tram is at Leidseplein in 15 minutes.","Central but tranquil, private and light entire home in the the former passenger vessel Sachsen-Anhalt 10 minutes from Central Station. On this houseboat you'll have a roofed terrace overlooking the pier, fully equipped galley plus bedroom, bathroom and living room for a luxury stay in Amsterdam. Welcome aboard! We have a special apartment on our former passenger ship available. You can call the rear 6 of that looong row of 13 windows yours. There's one bedroom with a double bed. There's plenty of room for a single or double bed plus a children's bed which we have available. Central but tranquil, private and light home in the former passenger vessel Sachsen-Anhalt. On this houseboat you'll have all plus a roofed terrace overlooking the marina. Central Station is 10 minutes by bus, the tram is at Leidseplein in 15 minutes. In total your apartment measures up to 100 m2. You don't have to share anything with us, it's all yours. We will be in the front part of the boat, sort of like neighbo","Here in the Eastern Docklands you'll find a combination of space and cosyness. The area was laid out at a scale for the enormous ships travelling to the Dutch East Indies, so you'll feel the most space possible in Amsterdam. Since the docklands were rebuilt as a housing area there's a café in both directions on the south facing quay within 200 meters, next to a bakery, some restaurants, interior- and bookshops, supermarkets and a park. Enough facilities for breakfast, you could even stay the day for a trip through the old harbours and modern architecture.","Public transport is available within 100m from the ship. Tram 7 will take you to Leidseplein in 15 minutes, bus 48 will take you to Central Station in 10 minutes. Or try a bike? From Schiphol Airport you'll need 20 minutes by taxi, or 45 minutes by train via Central Station and tram or bus to arrive at the Sachsen-Anhalt.","Smoking: you can smoke outside on the roofed deck of the houseboat. Location: mind that we are on the edge of the city center, not in it. Party: if hanging out with your friends on our ship, alcohol and/or soft drugs are your main reason to visit, we advise you to book another house. On our pier you live in between children and our neighbours are sleeping right next to you. Please be quiet after 23:00. Bathroom: our waste disposal to the sewage system cannot take wet wipes, just toilet paper. You'll have no toilet if you throw in anything else. Costs will be taken from your deposit and/or Airbnb Resolution Center. Windows: in the morning, look where the wind is blowing from and open windows on the other side to prevent rain water from entering the ship. Pellet stove: the stove is just an addition to the atmosphere. If you are not in the room it’s better to put it off, because it will make the main heating cool down. Never leave the fire on when you are sleeping, it’s dangerous because "
