,"Authentic 17C Waterfront Canal Villa. Stay in the ambience of Holland's Golden Age and live like a 17th century aristocrat at Amsterdam Canal Villa. The villa is located just around the corner from a working windmill. This luxurious, beautifully preserved and in 2017 renovated villa was built in 1624 by a Dutch East Indies captain to house his family while he was at sea. It is centrally located, a mere 7 minute bike ride to the heart of the city. Parking is free! The home is quiet, quaint and authentic, boasting all the amenities of the 21st century. It has original beams and a mantle piece. It is furnished with antiques and has original artwork on the walls and sculptures in the rooms. Your comfortable bedroom has WiFi, a private bathroom with rain shower, a toilet bidet, a 2nd 1/2 bathroom and a sunny patio. There is a spacious lounge area with kitchenette, microwave, coffeemaker, electric kettle, toaster, washing machine and fridge. Coffee, tea, fruit, milk and muesli are available.","Authentic 17C Waterfront Canal Villa. Stay in the ambience of Holland's Golden Age and live like a 17th century aristocrat at Amsterdam Canal Villa. The villa is located just around the corner from a working windmill. This luxurious, beautifully preserved and in 2017 renovated villa was built in 1624 by a Dutch East Indies captain to house his family while he was at sea. It is centrally located, a mere 7 minute bike ride to the heart of the city. Parking is free! The home is quiet, quaint and authentic, boasting all the amenities of the 21st century. It has original beams and a mantle piece. It is furnished with antiques and has original artwork on the walls and sculptures in the rooms. Your comfortable bedroom has WiFi, a private bathroom with rain shower, a toilet bidet, a 2nd 1/2 bathroom and a sunny patio. There is a spacious lounge area with kitchenette, microwave, coffeemaker, electric kettle, toaster, washing machine and fridge. Coffee, tea, fruit, milk and muesli are available.",We are close to all the treasures Amsterdam has to offer. There is also easy access to the countryside. Everything is literally a short bike ride or walk away. This venue is the ideal combination of the delights of the city and the beauty of nature.,One stop 2’ ride to“Noorderpark” station on the new Noord-ZuidMetro from Amsterdam Central Train  Station.  10’  walk North along the lovely canal (West bank) and you are here! Buiksloterdijk 282.,No smoking please. We appreciate the quiet of our neighborhood and hope you will too.
