,"A beautiful light and airy luxurious Loft Penthouse of 110m2 with a 30m2 rooftop garden located in Amsterdam centre / oud-west (totally renovated in 2018). The apartment is divided over 2 floors and has a roof terrace with a breathtaking view over the city. The apartment has 2 bedrooms, 2 toilets, one big bathroom and a huge open living room with kitchen. You will sleep better then most hotels due to our royal AUPING bed of 180x220cm. The kitchen is fully equipped and just renovated. Here you will find a Quooker, SIEMENS oven, steam oven, plate warmer, LIEBHERR wine temperature room, fridge and freezer.  Please note that the apartment is located on the 3rd and 4th floor. The stairs are typical dutch, there is no elevator. But don't worry we walk it with bags and a kid on our arm.  The apartment is located in a new, trendy upcoming neighborhood with lots of restaurants and cute coffee places. Just a 1 minute walk to the Vondelpark, 3 minute walk to the Leidseplein (shopping and party ar","A beautiful light and airy luxurious Loft Penthouse of 110m2 with a 30m2 rooftop garden located in Amsterdam centre / oud-west (totally renovated in 2018). The apartment is divided over 2 floors and has a roof terrace with a breathtaking view over the city. The apartment has 2 bedrooms, 2 toilets, one big bathroom and a huge open living room with kitchen. You will sleep better then most hotels due to our royal AUPING bed of 180x220cm. The kitchen is fully equipped and just renovated. Here you will find a Quooker, SIEMENS oven, steam oven, plate warmer, LIEBHERR wine temperature room, fridge and freezer.  Please note that the apartment is located on the 3rd and 4th floor. The stairs are typical dutch, there is no elevator. But don't worry we walk it with bags and a kid on our arm.  The apartment is located in a new, trendy upcoming neighborhood with lots of restaurants and cute coffee places. Just a 1 minute walk to the Vondelpark, 3 minute walk to the Leidseplein (shopping and party ar","Our apartment is in the Helmersbuurt. Named after the dutch poet Jan Frederik Helmers and was (re)buil in the 19 century. This area become know as the writers and poet area. One of the most famous writers that lived in this are is W.F Hermans. Today this area is lively but has a good balance between family life and city life. For examplpe the Vondel park is just 5 min walk and the bars of the Leidseplein are 15 min walk from our apartment. Many small shops and coffee bars are around, also great places for lunch and diner.","Tram 1, 3 en 12 are right at our doorstep. There are 2 bike rentals store just around the corner. The big museums are in walking distance.  Parking is possible in our street. You will have to pay per hour.",Treat it like it's yours. We just love our place so be nice to it :)
