"Hi there! We hope to welcome you as our guest. We are a young couple (+30) with 2 children.  Our 2 story monumental apartment with garden is centrally located on the 'Singelgracht', just around the corner of the most cosy neighbourhood of Amsterdam 'de Jordaan'. We are really in love with our little gem and we hope you'll have the same feeling as we have once you have stayed with us.","Centrally located but quiet and with your own garden. Need I say more? Although it is a monumental apartment, it is totally renovated and fully equipped. A nice mix of antique and modern furnishings.  There is room for 4 people and two children to sleep comfortably: one double bedroom and one large room with a sleeping couch. And two baby-rooms. There is a very large living room with a big couch, open fully equipped kitchen with a bar, dining table for eight people, a big television and a baby-box and baby-chairs (if needed).  The living room is connected with double “French doors” to the lovely garden;  In summer it is lovely to have a BBQ here!  The double bedroom is a very spacious room situated at the back of the house with a double bed and balcony overlooking the garden. The second room is in the front of the house, overlooking the Singel gracht (canal) and is very light. Here you can find a nice good sleeping couch for two adults. Further there are two baby rooms with a dresser. ","Hi there! We hope to welcome you as our guest. We are a young couple (+30) with 2 children.  Our 2 story monumental apartment with garden is centrally located on the 'Singelgracht', just around the corner of the most cosy neighbourhood of Amsterdam 'de Jordaan'. We are really in love with our little gem and we hope you'll have the same feeling as we have once you have stayed with us. Centrally located but quiet and with your own garden. Need I say more? Although it is a monumental apartment, it is totally renovated and fully equipped. A nice mix of antique and modern furnishings.  There is room for 4 people and two children to sleep comfortably: one double bedroom and one large room with a sleeping couch. And two baby-rooms. There is a very large living room with a big couch, open fully equipped kitchen with a bar, dining table for eight people, a big television and a baby-box and baby-chairs (if needed).  The living room is connected with double “French doors” to the lovely garden;  I","The apartment is centrally located just around the corner of the most cosy neighbourhood of Amsterdam 'de Jordaan' (which is derived from the French word “jardin”, meaning garden). The Jordaan is really one of the most charming spots in all of Amsterdam, criss-crossed by beautiful canals, dotted with more cafés and restaurants than you could ever manage to sample, and supplied with an abundance of cute and original shops, boutiques and galleries.  For shopping lovers, don't miss the nearby Haarlemmerstraat and the 9 Straatjes, which both feature an abundance of quirky, sweet and wonderful shops of all sorts, plus many lovely places to eat. It is located only 10-15 minutes walking distance from Central Station but away from the hectic atmosphere of the centre. It is also at walking distance of the famous Saturday organic farmers' market (Noordermarkt), another two local markets (Lindenmarkt and Westerstraat market) and the Anne Frank House (museum) and Westerkerk (church). This truly au","The train from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport takes only 15 mins to Centraal Station, and from there it is a pleasant 10-15 min walk through the canals, or else a tram or bus will take you part of the way. Taxis can also be taken from Centraal and will only take a few minutes.","This is NOT a party flat!! It is located in a quiet area. We have very lovely neighbours and do not wish to disturb anyone unduly. No loud music, and please do not attempt to use the apartment for late night partying, because if there are any serious complaints from neighbours we do have the right to ask you to leave.  No smoking permitted inside, only in the garden or on the balcony."
