"This beautiful canal building right in the middle of Amsterdam city, brings you back to the old days and every corner and wall of this historic building has it's own caricature.  The three floor building has 4 bedrooms, 3 bathroom and two fully equipment kitchens.  Standing on the little balcony you'll have amazing canal views and you hear and feel the vibrant city life around you. Shops, restaurants, trams, bike rental and all you expect form a city trip you will find right here.","This beautiful corner canal building is located on one of the famous 9 streets and Keizersgracht canal. In the middle of the heart of Amsterdam. The canal house can accommodate up to 8 people. The Canal House has just been renovated and the views are exquisite. Set in a typical canal house and centrally located along the Keizersgracht, in one of the corners of the famous nine streets ""Negen Straatjes"", well-known for their restaurants, bars and boutique shops right on your doorstep. There are 4 bedrooms each with double beds and there are 3 bathrooms. The canal building has free Wi-Fi and a two well-equipped kitchens with a separate dining area. Its open-plan living room has a flat-screen TV with cable channels. Spui tram stop is a 5-minute walk and offers easy access to Amsterdam Central Station and lively Leidseplein. The Amsterdam Museum is 10 minutes’ away walking. The area offers variety of restaurants and traditional Dutch pubs. You are in a walking distance to most of the city's","This beautiful canal building right in the middle of Amsterdam city, brings you back to the old days and every corner and wall of this historic building has it's own caricature.  The three floor building has 4 bedrooms, 3 bathroom and two fully equipment kitchens.  Standing on the little balcony you'll have amazing canal views and you hear and feel the vibrant city life around you. Shops, restaurants, trams, bike rental and all you expect form a city trip you will find right here. This beautiful corner canal building is located on one of the famous 9 streets and Keizersgracht canal. In the middle of the heart of Amsterdam. The canal house can accommodate up to 8 people. The Canal House has just been renovated and the views are exquisite. Set in a typical canal house and centrally located along the Keizersgracht, in one of the corners of the famous nine streets ""Negen Straatjes"", well-known for their restaurants, bars and boutique shops right on your doorstep. There are 4 bedrooms each ","The Canal Building is located on the corner of the Keizersgracht and the Negen Straatjes (the nine streets) area, intersect the main canals between the Leidsestraat and the Jordaan district, and are dotted with great restaurants, cafés, art galleries, jewellers, boutiques and vintage stores. With an exceptional array of styles, trends and prices, this area is truly a shopper’s paradise.","Here is some other information that can be useful for you when deciding on booking my flat or already have!   Museumplein in Amsterdam 2.7 km This pretty square always crowded with people features a large park bordered by impressive museums, including the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum is 15 minutes by tram.   Dam Square in Amsterdam 0.7 km Amsterdam's lively Dam Square offers you sights such as the Royal Palace, a neoclassical artwork and former home of the Dutch Royal Family.   Windmills at Zaanse Schans 11.6 km Visit and get to know more about these traditional operating windmills, a real must-see attraction of this village near Zaandam.   Schiphol Airport is less than 20 minutes away by train. By renting out this flat, it can easily reach the rest of the city by public transport and it is 5 minutes walking distance to the Dam",You will enjoy the apartment entire for you. Every booking comes with a 7 night rental contract agreement. A security or key deposit is applicable which is returned to guests upon their departure as long as the apartment is left in a suitable state without any damages. This is 400 Euro. We make sure our apartments are completely clean prior to your arrival. There is a cleaning fee for this: 50 Euro. Upon your departure from the apartment please leave it in the state you found it. Negligence to do so will be fined with 50 Euro from the security deposit for additional cleaning. Note: It's not allowed to smoke weed inside the apartment. Our standard check in time is from 15:00 – 18:00 Any guests arriving afterwards will be eligible to pay a late check in fee of - 25 Euros Late check out fee after (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) Euros Any check in arriving before 11:00 can be checked in upon availability
