"APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★HUGE LIVINGSPACE 125M2 ★Huge Dreamy Roof Terrace with Sunbeds ★IN CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen + Cooking Island ( BBQ Available ) ★Washer, Dryer & Iron Available ★Fast & Free WIFI ★2 Bedrooms | Kingsized Beds","Welcome to the Jordaan/Staatsliedenbuurt, the most authentic area of Amsterdam. You will stay amongst the people who have been born and raised in this world famous city.  Our apartment will be your luxurious get-away, where you can escape from all the hustling & bustling touristy vibes, and get well-rested for another day out and about.  The livingspace is 125M2, a spacious area with a comfortable and modern seating area, a dining area and a open-planned fully equipped kitchen with a cooking island.  Just kick off your shoes and relax on the couch, and feel free to release your inner chef and prepare a wonderful meal. There is also a barbecue available for sunny days!  The roof terrace is amazing! Get up here on sunny days, light the grill and enjoy the sun on the comfortable sunbeds. The views over Amsterdam are astonishing!  There are 2 bedrooms, which both are featured with a kingsized double bed and enough space for all of your luggage. One of the bedrooms has their own washbasin. ","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★HUGE LIVINGSPACE 125M2 ★Huge Dreamy Roof Terrace with Sunbeds ★IN CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen + Cooking Island ( BBQ Available ) ★Washer, Dryer & Iron Available ★Fast & Free WIFI ★2 Bedrooms | Kingsized Beds Welcome to the Jordaan/Staatsliedenbuurt, the most authentic area of Amsterdam. You will stay amongst the people who have been born and raised in this world famous city.  Our apartment will be your luxurious get-away, where you can escape from all the hustling & bustling touristy vibes, and get well-rested for another day out and about.  The livingspace is 125M2, a spacious area with a comfortable and modern seating area, a dining area and a open-planned fully equipped kitchen with a cooking island.  Just kick off your shoes and relax on the couch, and feel free to release your inner chef and prepare a wonderful meal. There is also a barbecue available for sunny days!  The roof terrace is amazing! Get up here on sunny days, light the grill and enjoy th","The Staatsliedenbuurt, the area just south of the park that used to house the workers of this terrain, has become a laid back, young family neighbourhood happy to enjoy their proximity to this now green part of the city and all the cool stores on the Haarlemmerstraat.",From and to Central Station it's a 15 minute walk. You can also take bus-line 22 and get off at Nassauplein. I recommend walking and/or taking the tram within the city. All attractions are wihin reach!,"House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
