Beautiful and comfortable house with garden. Perfect for family with 2 children. Right in the middle of the museum quarter. A stone's throw from the Vondelpark and the P.C.Hooftstraat. The city centre is a 5min bike ride and trams around the corner. ,"Beautiful house with garden.  Our house is a stone's throw away from everything you will want to see and do in Amsterdam. You will have access to the whole house including all it's amenities. You will also have to look after our cat. I will interact as much as is needed We love all the musea, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and het Stedelijk Museum,  around the corner of our house and ofcourse the beautiful Vondelpark. On saturdays we have the Zuidermarket with all biological products. The canals are a 5 minute bike ride away or you can hop on the tram. Public transport around the corner. All trams going to the centre or other parts of the city You will have access to our ground and first floor, as well as our lovely porch and garden.  We will meet you at the beginning of your stay at our house. We will show you around and explain everything. We will also meet you when you are checking out.","Beautiful and comfortable house with garden. Perfect for family with 2 children. Right in the middle of the museum quarter. A stone's throw from the Vondelpark and the P.C.Hooftstraat. The city centre is a 5min bike ride and trams around the corner.  Beautiful house with garden.  Our house is a stone's throw away from everything you will want to see and do in Amsterdam. You will have access to the whole house including all it's amenities. You will also have to look after our cat. I will interact as much as is needed We love all the musea, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and het Stedelijk Museum,  around the corner of our house and ofcourse the beautiful Vondelpark. On saturdays we have the Zuidermarket with all biological products. The canals are a 5 minute bike ride away or you can hop on the tram. Public transport around the corner. All trams going to the centre or other parts of the city You will have access to our ground and first floor, as well as our lovely porch and garden.  We will meet ",,,.
