"Magnificent canal view top floor duplex in the city center, with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms of approximately 100m2. Duplex, situated on the fourth and top floor. With panoramic views over the canals on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam West.","Unfortunately we cannot acommodate early checkins or late checkouts  Magnificent canal view top floor duplex in the city center, with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms.  Within walkin distance of all major attractions, ~ 30 min from RAI conference centre by tram.  Super view duplex penthouse, situated on the fourth and top floor. With panoramic views over the canals on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam Westerpark.  This part of the Hugo de Groot neighbourhood is where the areas ‘Westerpark’, ‘OudWest’ and the ‘Centrum’ come together. The apartment has an entrance on the third floor which leads through a private staircase and leads to the fourth floor, with a very bright open living room, dining room and with the new U-shaped modern kitchen with appliances. Beautiful ornamental ceilings are preserved and both the front and rear are the full width windows to find. On this floor you also will find a toilet. When you walk up one floor you will find the top floor with three bedrooms and two bathro","Magnificent canal view top floor duplex in the city center, with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms of approximately 100m2. Duplex, situated on the fourth and top floor. With panoramic views over the canals on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam West. Unfortunately we cannot acommodate early checkins or late checkouts  Magnificent canal view top floor duplex in the city center, with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms.  Within walkin distance of all major attractions, ~ 30 min from RAI conference centre by tram.  Super view duplex penthouse, situated on the fourth and top floor. With panoramic views over the canals on one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam Westerpark.  This part of the Hugo de Groot neighbourhood is where the areas ‘Westerpark’, ‘OudWest’ and the ‘Centrum’ come together. The apartment has an entrance on the third floor which leads through a private staircase and leads to the fourth floor, with a very bright open living room, dining room and with the new U-shaped modern kitchen with appliances","This part of the Hugo de Groot neighbourhood is where the areas ‘Westerpark’, ‘OudWest’ and the ‘Centrum’ come together. It's a vibrant area, at the edge of the city center, with all major attractions on walking distance but without the noise and drawback of the touristy part of the city center. Look at our guide at this listing for more info.","We recommend using a pre booked cab service (like Uber). This will be around 40 euro for a van and around 35 euro for a regular car and bring you to the apt in ~ 20 min door to door. public transport is 7,50 euro per person and will increase you travel time around 45 min outside rush hour.  BY TRAIN FROM SCHIPHOL AIRPORT: Central station is about a 15 minutes. A one way journey is around 4.00 euro. You can buy tickets (EMAIL HIDDEN) station: schiphol to station: amsterdam central tickets are valid all day (in the train), we do not have reserved seats in the train. The are reasonably clean and safe. At Amsterdam CS you can take tram 13 to ‘Geuzenveld’ and get out at “De Clercqstraat/Bilderdijkstraat” which is about 10-15 minutes. You can buy a ticket in the tram (bring cash, preferrably small change). From that intersection you walk 2 minutes on ‘De bilderdijkstraat’ in the direction of a small park (but don’t cross the street to go to the park), and cross the bridge. right after the br","Checkin after 3 pm (15:00) Checkout 10 am  No early checkin nor late checkout No students, no (Bachelor(rets)) parties No Pets allowed  No smoking Quiet building no parties  Bed linnen/towels included  Weekly cleaning available upon request Family Friendly The flat is completely redone and in excellent condition, please take good care Since it’s an old authentic building we do not have an elevator, we advice avoiding big suitcases, the penthouse is four original amsterdam steep stairs up No noise or playing the piano between 22.00  and 08.00 (10 pm- 8 am)  Paid parking available in front of the house  We have to charge 50 euro for a lost set of keys"
