"Movie stars, writers, and even a Dutch prince once lived on this houseboat, afloat at the widest canal of the historic city centre. Docking right next to the famous Skinny Bridge, it has stunning 360 degree views of the Amstel canal from both the kitchen and its large roof terrace.","The Skinny Bridge houseboat is a fully modernized ""Tjalk"" built in 1892. It feels like a loft-on-the-water, with high ceilings and lots of windows. Being firmly secured to the canal wall, the ship hardly moves. What sets this houseboat apart are its huge roof terrace (you won't find another one this big in the old city centre) and its second floor, overlooking the Amstel. The upper deck boasts a large open kitchen, the lower deck contains the living room, creative space, cozy library with fireplace, the master bedroom with a kingsize bed (2.10x1.80), the bathroom with shower and jacuzzi and the toilet. For accommodating more than 2 persons, there are two additional queen size beds (2.10x1.40m) available in the living room (behind the chalk boards). These are very comfortable beds, but they are not located in a separate sleeping room. The total living area is around 100m2, the roof terrace is around 25m2.","Movie stars, writers, and even a Dutch prince once lived on this houseboat, afloat at the widest canal of the historic city centre. Docking right next to the famous Skinny Bridge, it has stunning 360 degree views of the Amstel canal from both the kitchen and its large roof terrace. The Skinny Bridge houseboat is a fully modernized ""Tjalk"" built in 1892. It feels like a loft-on-the-water, with high ceilings and lots of windows. Being firmly secured to the canal wall, the ship hardly moves. What sets this houseboat apart are its huge roof terrace (you won't find another one this big in the old city centre) and its second floor, overlooking the Amstel. The upper deck boasts a large open kitchen, the lower deck contains the living room, creative space, cozy library with fireplace, the master bedroom with a kingsize bed (2.10x1.80), the bathroom with shower and jacuzzi and the toilet. For accommodating more than 2 persons, there are two additional queen size beds (2.10x1.40m) available in t","Overview of the Neighborhood - The Skinny Bridge houseboat is located at the most picturesque location of the Amstel river, arguably the most depicted spot of the canals. The boat is docking right next to the Skinny Bridge, in front of a double wide mansion from the 17th century. - Thanks to its stunning views you can very well spend a lazy afternoon, an evening of even a full day just watching everything around you. The Skinny Bridge opening for the boats passing by, pedestrians and cyclists on their way from work, and the usual unusual, coming to the bridge daily for photographs or just a few moments of fame.  - Among the major attractions in the direct surroundings (within 5 mins walking) are the Hermitage Museum, the Carré Theatre, the Rembrandt House, the Stopera, the Waterlooplein, the Hortus Botanicus etc.  - Only one street behind, parallel to the Amstel, is the famous Utrechtsestraat, lined with bars, breakfast places, mostly top end boutiques and some very nice restaurants. H","Getting there and around - Car: you can park on any public (paid) parking spot around the boat. Subway, tram, bus, and taxi stations are all within 5 mins walking distance.  - Taxi: a cab from Schiphol airport will take around 20 mins and should be just under € 50. From Central station or Amstel station a cab will set you back around € 15 in 10 mins. - Public transport: from Schiphol airport you can easily travel to Amsterdam Central station (or Amstel station) by train in around 15mins. From there take any subway line to Waterlooplein subway station. Follow exit Nieuwe Herengracht and then Hermitage museum signs, as soon as you are on the Amstel you will see the Skinny Bridge (around 5 mins walking distance). - By car: Amsterdam is hard to navigate without navigation system. Make sure you have one and enter the address. You can park anywhere in front of the boat. - By ConnectCar: a ConnectCar dock is located right in front of the boat.","The boat is my home. I have put quite some effort in making it the nicest place in Amsterdam. I hope this will be respected as much as I hope you will feel at home. Please bring your own food, drinks and supplies. If necessary, you're welcome to use anything you find in the kitchen, fridge, freezer, wine drawer, liquor cabinet etc, but please replace it, even if it is not yet finished. Strictly no partys, no smoking and no pets."
