,"If you love Mediterranean ambiance, this apartment is the place to be! It's inspired by the Moroccan style, decorated with objects which I brought home from my trips. The whole apartment has been renovated in 2009. Within the 75 square meters you'll find a large living room of 48 m²  with an open kitchen,  the master bedroom, a children s bedroom,  a bathroom with bath and a balcony. The kitchen is equipped with all modern comfort  such as a washing machine, a micro wave and a large refrigerator. If you happen to stay here as a family, you will find everything necessary to occupy your child, from books to toys, to dvd's ( also for adults) since I have a four year old son. Even the baby- carriage is waiting for you downstairs. The apartment is situated in the hippest part of the Baarsjes in a street which is very quiet. You'll find all the necessary shops  in three minutes walking distance to do your  groceries.  But also trendy restaurants and cafes. Several parcs are in the neighborho","If you love Mediterranean ambiance, this apartment is the place to be! It's inspired by the Moroccan style, decorated with objects which I brought home from my trips. The whole apartment has been renovated in 2009. Within the 75 square meters you'll find a large living room of 48 m²  with an open kitchen,  the master bedroom, a children s bedroom,  a bathroom with bath and a balcony. The kitchen is equipped with all modern comfort  such as a washing machine, a micro wave and a large refrigerator. If you happen to stay here as a family, you will find everything necessary to occupy your child, from books to toys, to dvd's ( also for adults) since I have a four year old son. Even the baby- carriage is waiting for you downstairs. The apartment is situated in the hippest part of the Baarsjes in a street which is very quiet. You'll find all the necessary shops  in three minutes walking distance to do your  groceries.  But also trendy restaurants and cafes. Several parcs are in the neighborho",,,"- When you come home  at night please be quiet on the stairs because of the neighbours - No smoking allowed in the house, only on the balcony - Kind request to take your shoes off in the  house"
