"Metropolitan B&B is a nice place in the centre of Amsterdam near Dam square. There is a private garden to relax and forget you are in the middle of the city. The room has a kingsize double bed, a kitchenette and a private bathroom.  *It is on ground floor and is accessible with a wheelchair","The Metropolitan is a spacious place with a quiet garden in the centre of Amsterdam. It is only five minutes walk from the Central Station. The place has a king size bed, a private bathroom and a kitchenette.  *It is perfect for a couple or a family with two children.  *It is also suitable for three or four adults when we provide extra beds.  *The B&B is located very central halfway between the Dam square and the Central Station.  All main shops and musea you can easily reach by foot, but we have also bicycles to explore the rest of the city. This is the area you want to stay in – it's right in the historical center of Amsterdam and the neighborhood has enough bars, cafes and restaurants to accommodate all your needs and desires. We also have a little boat we sometimes take guests for a tour around the canals of Amsterdam. * use of Wifi free * use of bicycles free You can say it is 'local' experience with a luxury-feel and home comfort.  We started the B&B in the summer of 2011 on the ","Metropolitan B&B is a nice place in the centre of Amsterdam near Dam square. There is a private garden to relax and forget you are in the middle of the city. The room has a kingsize double bed, a kitchenette and a private bathroom.  *It is on ground floor and is accessible with a wheelchair The Metropolitan is a spacious place with a quiet garden in the centre of Amsterdam. It is only five minutes walk from the Central Station. The place has a king size bed, a private bathroom and a kitchenette.  *It is perfect for a couple or a family with two children.  *It is also suitable for three or four adults when we provide extra beds.  *The B&B is located very central halfway between the Dam square and the Central Station.  All main shops and musea you can easily reach by foot, but we have also bicycles to explore the rest of the city. This is the area you want to stay in – it's right in the historical center of Amsterdam and the neighborhood has enough bars, cafes and restaurants to accommod","The centre of Amsterdam is the best place to start exploring the city. All the main points of interest are on walking distance. The shopping streets, markets, musea and bars and restaurants. The apartment is in a quiet street where no cars are allowed. We guarantee a very quiet night in a highly comfortable kingsize double bed.","Public transport is well organized in Amsterdam. You can buy a carnet for a day or a week for tram, bus and metro.  We also have bicycles to go around the city, because we think you best explore Amsterdam on bike. A parking garage is around the corner but you can also park your car much cheaper on the outside of Amsterdam. We can help you with that.",..............
