"The two floor appartment is spacious and light. On the backside one oversees the canal, on the frontside the street and the square. There is an open kitchen. Downstairs are the sleeping rooms, bathroom, toilet and extra space with washing machine. The house is placed within 5 minutes biking of Jordaan, Vondelpark, Dam Square and the Museum District. Many restaurants, bars and shops around.","Lovely apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. Upper (second) floor with spacious living room and open kitchen (dish washer, microwave, oven). Under (first etage) consisting of one master bedroom with double bed, one small bedroom with 2/3 single beds, bathroom with shower and bath, separate toilet and washroom. The house offers wide view on the canal (Singelgracht). The location discloses all hotspots in Amsterdam by foot:  Jordaan: 0,1 kilometers Leidseplein: 1 km Dam: 1 km Museumkwartier: 1,6 km Vondelpark: 1,4 km Anne frank house: 0,4 km Off course biking is the fastest way of transportation.  The street offers a nice bar with terrace, Japanese restaurant, coffeeshop, police station and fire department. The Jordaan is obliviously the best neighbourhood to hang out and has a variety of small bars and restaurants. Public transport stops at 50 meters, with Tram 10, 13, 14, 17, bus 170, 171, nightbus. Free Wifi in the house.","Lovely apartment in the heart of Amsterdam. Upper (second) floor with spacious living room and open kitchen (dish washer, microwave, oven). Under (first etage) consisting of one master bedroom with double bed, one small bedroom with 2/3 single beds, bathroom with shower and bath, separate toilet and washroom. The house offers wide view on the canal (Singelgracht). The location discloses all hotspots in Amsterdam by foot:  Jordaan: 0,1 kilometers Leidseplein: 1 km Dam: 1 km Museumkwartier: 1,6 km Vondelpark: 1,4 km Anne frank house: 0,4 km Off course biking is the fastest way of transportation.  The street offers a nice bar with terrace, Japanese restaurant, coffeeshop, police station and fire department. The Jordaan is obliviously the best neighbourhood to hang out and has a variety of small bars and restaurants. Public transport stops at 50 meters, with Tram 10, 13, 14, 17, bus 170, 171, nightbus. Free Wifi in the house.","The place is close to so many neighbourhoods: the Jordaan, the canals, Dam square, Vondelpark, the Rijksmuseum. By bike you reach all of them within 3 minutes, by foot in 10. There is a nice bar two doors away, it has a very international (but not touristic) atmosphere. Rozengracht has some trendy shops and payable food. The street is not busy and not quiet (watch out for bikes passing by).","Public transport stops are 20 meters away and trams and busses will take you anywhere. Car parking on the strees is possible but expensive; there is a parking on 300 meters, (URL HIDDEN)  If you stay more than 2 weeks we can arrange our parking permit for you.",Be nice to the house
