Great new apartment at a great location with an amazing view over Amsterdam. Close to the famous Amstel Hotel. near the Amstel station and the city center. Lots of cozy bars and restaurants. close to Waterlooplein and the populair New Market area. ,The amazing sky line view over Amsterdam and  the canals. The apartment is ideal for 2 people. Free parking and close to the city centre ,"Great new apartment at a great location with an amazing view over Amsterdam. Close to the famous Amstel Hotel. near the Amstel station and the city center. Lots of cozy bars and restaurants. close to Waterlooplein and the populair New Market area.  The amazing sky line view over Amsterdam and  the canals. The apartment is ideal for 2 people. Free parking and close to the city centre  -Whole apartment  -Internet (wifi)   -Washingmachine, dishwasher and dryer  -Kitchen -Bath Nee The Water, The beautiful restaurants and its located at the Amstel station. Within 5 minutes you find yourself at central station.  Free parking, just 5 minutes walk from subway Sparklerweg and Amstel station. Whitin 10 min you are at the Dam Square and central station. ","The Water, The beautiful restaurants and its located at the Amstel station. Within 5 minutes you find yourself at central station. ","Free parking, just 5 minutes walk from subway Sparklerweg and Amstel station. Whitin 10 min you are at the Dam Square and central station. ","RENTAL RULES AND REGULATIONS  1. This is a non smoking unit.  2. Pets are not permitted.  3. Damage/Reservation deposit- A reservation deposit is required. It is fully refundable provided the following provisions are met.  a. No damage is done to unit or its contents, beyond normal wear and tear.  b. No charges are incurred due to contraband.  c. No linens are lost or damaged and no extra linens are dirtied.  d. There is no smoking in the apartment.  e. There are no complaints from the neighbors in regards to your stay.  4. This property requires a two night minimum stay.  5. Longer minimum stays may be required during holiday periods.  6. Inclusive fees - Rates include a one-time linen-towel setup.  7. This is a residential building so no noise on the staircase and no parties or guests in the house. Your reservation only authorizes you and your travel partner as confirmed in your reservation booking. Any unauthorized guest brought in will be subject to additional reservation fees, los"
