"Sparkling Amsterdam! I'm living here for many years now and love to share all the good places to discover in this city,  apart from the typical tourist hangouts. Food, music, art, festivals, museums, so many things to explore! My apartment is located in a peaceful neighbourhood in a new upcoming and creative part in the north of Amsterdam. Fast connection to the heart of the city and my place offers a relaxed hangout when you'll get back from another nice day in the city.   Hope to welcome you!","Charming Amsterdam! A beautiful city to discover. It's an old town en has a rich history; you'll find dutch culture, many exceptional places to see and events happening in town. Feel the dazzling vibe of Amsterdam!  I live for many years in the city and love to tell you about all the good places to visit. My apartment is in the north of town; an upcoming and creative part of Amsterdam, which has a fast connection to the city centre (10 minutes).  The apartment: I offer a 70 mtr.2 clean, spacious, modern apartment. It's a cozy designed place with a beautiful living.  In the fully equipped kitchen you'll find everything to make yourself a nice meal if you're not eating out.  Seperate bedroom (double boxspring bed, size160-200) with bathroom, this has a big size shower. Towels and nice fresh sheets. Seperate toilet. On request use of washer & dryer. Free WiFi. The neighborhood:  My house is located in the north of the city, near a park, close to the NDSM terrain. As a former shipyard this","Charming Amsterdam! A beautiful city to discover. It's an old town en has a rich history; you'll find dutch culture, many exceptional places to see and events happening in town. Feel the dazzling vibe of Amsterdam!  I live for many years in the city and love to tell you about all the good places to visit. My apartment is in the north of town; an upcoming and creative part of Amsterdam, which has a fast connection to the city centre (10 minutes).  The apartment: I offer a 70 mtr.2 clean, spacious, modern apartment. It's a cozy designed place with a beautiful living.  In the fully equipped kitchen you'll find everything to make yourself a nice meal if you're not eating out.  Seperate bedroom (double boxspring bed, size160-200) with bathroom, this has a big size shower. Towels and nice fresh sheets. Seperate toilet. On request use of washer & dryer. Free WiFi. The neighborhood:  My house is located in the north of the city, near a park, close to the NDSM terrain. As a former shipyard this","The neighborhood:  My house is located in the north of the city, near a park, close to the NDSM terrain. As a former shipyard this is a unique part of town where you can find nice restaurants and hangouts, shopping, art and great (music) events. You'll also find the Eye filmmuseum at this side of town.  By bus you'll be in 10 minutes in the city centre at Central Station. From here you'll get quickly to the Dam Square, Jordaan, Vondelpark, red light district and museum area.  Seen the urban city and wanna experience the country side of Amsterdam? Visit picturesque Volendam, Holysloot or for example Durgerdam, and refresh body & mind at the IJsselmeer.  Shopping centre Buikslotermeerplein is a 200 mtr walk from the apartment, there are many shops and supermarkets in the neighbourhood, open untill 21h.  There are some good places i can recommend for cheap and healthy breakfast or dinner (Thaifood, typical Dutch, Arabic, sushi, organic food, KFC, Chinese, etc).","Public Transport:  Next to my frontdoor you'll find the busstop; every 10 minutes bus 33 takes you in 10 minutes to the Central Station.  You can also get bus 32 or 34. Nightbus number 361 too stops in front of the house.  Another way is to explore the city by bike, it's  a nice ride to one of the 5 ferry's. The ferry's are all free and cross the river IJ all day & night to get you into town or back 24/7. About 5 minutes from the apartment there's a bike rental for approximately €13,- a day.  You can get to all parts of the city easily.  If you travel by plane, it's easy to come by train to the Central Station, then take bus 33 (stop at Halte Bakkerswaal).","No Smoking, only on the balcony. No drugs. No exeptions at this.  To get you started I'll welcome you with some real good coffee, tea, and a bottle of wine.  If you lose the key, it will cost €25,-  Please respect the nightrest of our neighbours. If there's a problem, let me know! We can solve it."
