"Apartment on the second floor with a lot of light and with all the comfort you need. Located in the lovely neighborhood of Amsterdam old west close to shops, restaurants etc in a few minutes in center and  airport.  Available for two persons.","Located on the second floor of a corner, this apartment has a lot of light. The place has an open kitchen with refrigerator and oven. There is a kitchen table, living room and television. The bedroom has an open bathroom with shower and sink. The toilet is separated. Laundrymachine, dishwasher and wifi available even as towels and sheets.  Evertyting is clean and well maintained.","Apartment on the second floor with a lot of light and with all the comfort you need. Located in the lovely neighborhood of Amsterdam old west close to shops, restaurants etc in a few minutes in center and  airport.  Available for two persons. Located on the second floor of a corner, this apartment has a lot of light. The place has an open kitchen with refrigerator and oven. There is a kitchen table, living room and television. The bedroom has an open bathroom with shower and sink. The toilet is separated. Laundrymachine, dishwasher and wifi available even as towels and sheets.  Evertyting is clean and well maintained. Free wifi, use of dishwasher an laundry machine. A lovely neighborhood very close to the city center and the airport. The neighborhood has a lot of cozy restaurants, (super) markets and shops. Just 5 minute walk from the Vondelpark! Tram 1 to the city centre (10 minutes) and train station Lelylaan (7 minutes). From Lelylaan just 10 minutes to Schiphol airport.","A lovely neighborhood very close to the city center and the airport. The neighborhood has a lot of cozy restaurants, (super) markets and shops. Just 5 minute walk from the Vondelpark!",Tram 1 to the city centre (10 minutes) and train station Lelylaan (7 minutes). From Lelylaan just 10 minutes to Schiphol airport.,Pets are not allowed.  Arrival and departure times flexible.  No smoking allowed!!!
