Experience this unique 150m2 modern house! Our building and area has won several architecture prices for its special design. Living in a car-free park & only 10 min by tram to Central Station and Leidse plein- the center of the city...,"Our bright, modern city villa is situated 3 tram stops away from central station. This stylish,  award-winning building situated inside a carfree park, Funenpark, offers a special living experience for families.150 sq meters over 4 floors with park patio and private roof deck. One-of-a-kind house ideal for families with kids! We have  1 master bedroom with a queen bed 1 bedroom with twin size bunk beds (2 beds) 1 bedroom with a twin size bed Free WiFi Smart TV & Netflix Nespresso coffee machine A big playground is in the the car-free park  Walking distance also from the hip city beach area called Roest. Perfect on a warm sunny day.  You're also walking distance from a monumental windmill that now hosts a famous brewery.  Watch an arthouse film at Studio K, shop at the Dappermarkt, or enjoy the exotic cuisine in the Indische buurt. All of this you can do by foot or by bike if you prefer.  5 minute taxi ride from central station Bus 22 going to central station stops right outside the par","Experience this unique 150m2 modern house! Our building and area has won several architecture prices for its special design. Living in a car-free park & only 10 min by tram to Central Station and Leidse plein- the center of the city... Our bright, modern city villa is situated 3 tram stops away from central station. This stylish,  award-winning building situated inside a carfree park, Funenpark, offers a special living experience for families.150 sq meters over 4 floors with park patio and private roof deck. One-of-a-kind house ideal for families with kids! We have  1 master bedroom with a queen bed 1 bedroom with twin size bunk beds (2 beds) 1 bedroom with a twin size bed Free WiFi Smart TV & Netflix Nespresso coffee machine A big playground is in the the car-free park  Walking distance also from the hip city beach area called Roest. Perfect on a warm sunny day.  You're also walking distance from a monumental windmill that now hosts a famous brewery.  Watch an arthouse film at Studio ","There is a playground in the park. We are walking distance from the hip(pie) city beach area called Roest and pizza & steak restaurant Rosa & Rita.  Close by there is a monumental windmill that now hosts a famous brewery.  Watch an arthouse film at Studio K, shop at the Dappermarkt, or enjoy the exotic cuisine in the Indische buurt. All of this you can do by foot or by bike if you prefer. There is a take out thai place, two italian restaurants and a yummie breakfast/lunchplace very closeby. A couple of little giftshops and vintage/trendy clothes shops in the street as well.",5 minute taxi ride from central station Bus 22 going to central station stops right outside the park entrance. Tram 10 going to Rijks museum & Leidseplein just a 5 minute walk.,No smoking inside. No pets. We want people to feel comfortable and at our home. However no parties until late or loud music as this is not appropriate in the neighbourhood. There is an outside patio upstairs to sit and smoke until late without bothering people.
