"Modern, spacious, and comfortable apartment  ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) in Amsterdam East","The apartment is newly build in 2010, so it’s very modern. The apartment is fitted for 1 to 3 persons.  It has a large living room with an open kitchen, electric fireplace, a little roof terrace, and a bathroom with a shower. In addition to the large living room, there are two bedrooms. One masterbedroom, and one where you can put one or two extra air mattresses. Or if you don’t need extra beds, you can turn it into your own gym with a boxing bag :) (see pictures). Furthermore you will find in the apartment: - Washing machine and dryer - Dishwasher  - Free Wifi  - 2 TV’s (living room and bedroom) - Playstation 3 - Guitar - Bed linen and towels provided ","Modern, spacious, and comfortable apartment  ( (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) ) in Amsterdam East The apartment is newly build in 2010, so it’s very modern. The apartment is fitted for 1 to 3 persons.  It has a large living room with an open kitchen, electric fireplace, a little roof terrace, and a bathroom with a shower. In addition to the large living room, there are two bedrooms. One masterbedroom, and one where you can put one or two extra air mattresses. Or if you don’t need extra beds, you can turn it into your own gym with a boxing bag :) (see pictures). Furthermore you will find in the apartment: - Washing machine and dryer - Dishwasher  - Free Wifi  - 2 TV’s (living room and bedroom) - Playstation 3 - Guitar - Bed linen and towels provided We will not stay at the apartment, so you will have the apartment entirely to yourself! During your stay, Me or a friend of mine will check you in, and you can contact us whenever something occurs.  The apartment is located on the border of","The apartment is located on the border of Amsterdam’s city centre, nearby to Oosterpark in Amsterdam- East (15 minutes from Central station). Amsterdam East is an upcoming district and known for its very good restaurants. All places of interest are within easy reach from the appartment (park, zoo, Van Gogh, Stedelijk, Rijksmuseum, the Opera House, the Hermitage Museum, old city center, Albert Cuyp market, and Amsterdam's sparkling night life; all whithin 15-20 minutes by tram, taxi or bicycle).  At walking distance you will find local shops, as well as some of Amsterdam's cozier bars and cafés, and the popular club ‘Trouw’. ","The apartment is 15 minutes from Central Station. Option 1: To train/metrostation ‘Amstel’ (from Central Station; 5 metrostops, or 1 trainstop), then take bus 65, get off at ‘Valentijnkade’, and cross the street (the appartment is on the corner) Option 2: To trainstation ‘Muiderpoort’ (1 trainstop from Central Station), then 10 min by foot (follow ‘Insulindeweg’ till stoplights, then to the right) ","Feel free to use whatever is in the fridge and cupboards. What you finish, you simply replace.  Rather than creating a long list of rules, I'd like you to consider: You'll be staying in my home, so please treat it with respect.  One unavoidable rule though: No smoking except on the balcony"
