This beautiful State of the Art Appartement (65m2) with garden (40m2) is only minutes of biking distance away from the centre and 2 minutes from Muiderpoort Station. It's equipped with everything you should need and also ideally for couples!,"The appartement is situated 2 minutes from Muiderpoort Station, the closest train station to the Central Station and good hub for public transport through all of Amsterdam. Ideally if you travel lot by train or tram. There is a bike rental shop situated right at Muiderpoort Station if you would like to experience Amsterdam by bike. You can find all the neccesary shops and restaurants within a walking distance. This appartement has main entrance with hallway to very large living room including an eating corner. The living area is equipped with all kinds techinal gadgets. Like large TV, DVD/Blueray player, Professional Surround Sound System and more. This will enhance your cosy nights in! The Kitchen is right next to the living room it's large as well and perfect for cooking. It's equiped with everything you would need such as dishwasher, oven, stove, exhaustion hood, refrigerator, senseo coffemachine and more. The Bathroom is big for Amsterdam standards and encloses a showercabinet . Al","This beautiful State of the Art Appartement (65m2) with garden (40m2) is only minutes of biking distance away from the centre and 2 minutes from Muiderpoort Station. It's equipped with everything you should need and also ideally for couples! The appartement is situated 2 minutes from Muiderpoort Station, the closest train station to the Central Station and good hub for public transport through all of Amsterdam. Ideally if you travel lot by train or tram. There is a bike rental shop situated right at Muiderpoort Station if you would like to experience Amsterdam by bike. You can find all the neccesary shops and restaurants within a walking distance. This appartement has main entrance with hallway to very large living room including an eating corner. The living area is equipped with all kinds techinal gadgets. Like large TV, DVD/Blueray player, Professional Surround Sound System and more. This will enhance your cosy nights in! The Kitchen is right next to the living room it's large as wel",,,
