"Our comfortable and spacious apartment (incl. private roof terrace) is situated in the East of Amsterdam, a populair area with lots of nice coffee places, cafes and restaurants. Take a look at the full description to find out more about our place!","Our spacious apartment on the top floor of a renovated authentic Amsterdam house is situated in the Oosterpark area. It is an up and coming area in the East of Amsterdam, a lot of trendy bars, restaurants and clubs are popping up here. A perfect home base to explore the diversity that Amsterdam has to offer you.  The apartment (4th floor - no elevator) is around 70 square meters containing a light living room, a well-equipped open kitchen, a spacious bedroom, a modern bathroom and stairs to the private roof terrace. I don't have a lot of furniture on the roof terrace yet, but the terrace is great for enjoying the amazing view.   * Living room with a very comfortable couch, sound installation and beamer  * Bathroom with bath and separate shower and plenty of towels * Bedroom with large double bed and yoga cushions * Open kitchen with a bar, oven, fridge, gas cooker, dishwasher, proper espresso machine, magimix and well-equipped cooking utensils * Central heating * Wireless internet","Our comfortable and spacious apartment (incl. private roof terrace) is situated in the East of Amsterdam, a populair area with lots of nice coffee places, cafes and restaurants. Take a look at the full description to find out more about our place! Our spacious apartment on the top floor of a renovated authentic Amsterdam house is situated in the Oosterpark area. It is an up and coming area in the East of Amsterdam, a lot of trendy bars, restaurants and clubs are popping up here. A perfect home base to explore the diversity that Amsterdam has to offer you.  The apartment (4th floor - no elevator) is around 70 square meters containing a light living room, a well-equipped open kitchen, a spacious bedroom, a modern bathroom and stairs to the private roof terrace. I don't have a lot of furniture on the roof terrace yet, but the terrace is great for enjoying the amazing view.   * Living room with a very comfortable couch, sound installation and beamer  * Bathroom with bath and separate showe","The apartment is situated in the east part of Amsterdam, a nice area with a variety of different shops, markets and bars/restaurants. Also close to all the main tourist attractions but far enough to not have to deal with all the noise and crowd that comes with it. The apartment is near the Tropen museum, the open-air Dapper Market and the lovely Oosterpark. The public transport (tram/bus) takes you in no time to the city centre but to really experience the neighbourhood I suggest you go by foot or rent a bike!  We will leave you a list with our favourite spots upon your arrival.","Tram 9 from and to Amsterdam Central Station stops every 10 minutes, the tram stop (called Pretoriusstraat) is a 2 min walk from the apartment. Line 9 takes you all the way through the city centre. From the apartment to: Artis (Zoo) 6 min, Waterloo square 9 min, Rembrandt square 11 min, Dam square 14 min, Central Station 15 min.","The apartment building is noisy (it's an authentic Amsterdam house). You won’t notice any noise as you’re on the top floor, but my downstairs neighbors do. So please do not play music on a loud volume. I can only share my apartment with you as long as my neighbors are not bothered by noise. I would highly appreciate it if you can keep this in mind. Also, the apartment is not suitable for meet ups with friends or parties. Luckily Amsterdam has many great restaurants and bars ☺."
