"This modern and spacious apartment including garden is situated in the trendy Baarsjes/Oud-West neigbourhood. Close to the city center, Vondelpark, Jordaan and home to trendy dining haunts & bars like Bar Spek, Speijkervet, Radijs, Fier, Edel. ","This modern and spacious apartment (75m2) including garden is situated in the Baarsjes/Oud-West neigbourhood. It’s been completely renovated in 2011 and has everything to make your stay in Amsterdam really comfortable. Basic equipment as cable television and wifi internet is accessible for your convenience, just as a dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, oven and a large kitchen stove.  There’s one bedroom with a comfortable queen size bed. Bed linnen and towels are included. The bathroom is simple; there’s no bath, but there is a magnificent shower. We have an air bed/mattrass that can be put in the living room for 1 extra guest.  Bringing a baby? We can also provide you with a baby cot.  If the sun is shining in Amsterdam, you’re very lucky that this apartment comes with a 70m2 garden, with BBQ! You’ll really love your stay in our apartment, as we also love living here. We would love to provide you with inside information where to go out for dinner, drinks, clubbing, arty-farty and","This modern and spacious apartment including garden is situated in the trendy Baarsjes/Oud-West neigbourhood. Close to the city center, Vondelpark, Jordaan and home to trendy dining haunts & bars like Bar Spek, Speijkervet, Radijs, Fier, Edel.  This modern and spacious apartment (75m2) including garden is situated in the Baarsjes/Oud-West neigbourhood. It’s been completely renovated in 2011 and has everything to make your stay in Amsterdam really comfortable. Basic equipment as cable television and wifi internet is accessible for your convenience, just as a dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, oven and a large kitchen stove.  There’s one bedroom with a comfortable queen size bed. Bed linnen and towels are included. The bathroom is simple; there’s no bath, but there is a magnificent shower. We have an air bed/mattrass that can be put in the living room for 1 extra guest.  Bringing a baby? We can also provide you with a baby cot.  If the sun is shining in Amsterdam, you’re very lucky ","About the neigbourhood: the Baarsjes is a nice and quiet neighbourhood, close to the city centre and the Jordaan. It’s one of those areas that’s becoming popular for young Amsterdam people to reside. You will not find any tourists or crowds here. There are heaps of restaurants and bars in the Baarsjes/Oud-West. Popular places like the Anne Frank house, Vondelpark and the Jordaan are easy to reach.  ","There are four tram lines at the end of the street that will take you to the centre of the city in 5 minutes (Jordaan, Dam Square, Leidscheplein, Vondelpark). If you choose to walk, it will take you about 10 minutes to get to the Jordaan. Public transport takes 15 minutes to Amsterdam Central Station and about 25 minutes to Schiphol Airport. The best way to explore the city is by bike. You will find a bike rental shop one block from our house. ","No smoking inside, but you can use the garden No party Please respect our brand new furniture"
