"A Spacious appartment (80 m2) away from the mainstreet, with a nice balcony to the south and entrance on the north side. It's situated only 500m from the Jordaan. Minutes away from many sights in the city. If needed, a parking in the building can be included (@extra cost).","It's a new appartment/building with high ceilings that was delivered in 2007. The app is situated on the 2nd floor and is easy accessed by lift or stairs. Because the building used to be a high school, the appartment itself is located in the middle of a block, away from the streets and in a nicely secluded area. The free public area in the inner garden is also avalaible. The Frederik Hendrikbuurt is located in one of the best parts in Amsterdam, without having to deal with the negative aspects of a busy popular city. At the same time it's very close to any interesting site. A minute walk to the Jordaan, a 5 minute walk to the Ann Frank House and about 10 minutes to Dam Square or Leidse Square. Ofcourse, if you jump on a bike like everyone else overhere, it's even easier to get to. ","A Spacious appartment (80 m2) away from the mainstreet, with a nice balcony to the south and entrance on the north side. It's situated only 500m from the Jordaan. Minutes away from many sights in the city. If needed, a parking in the building can be included (@extra cost). It's a new appartment/building with high ceilings that was delivered in 2007. The app is situated on the 2nd floor and is easy accessed by lift or stairs. Because the building used to be a high school, the appartment itself is located in the middle of a block, away from the streets and in a nicely secluded area. The free public area in the inner garden is also avalaible. The Frederik Hendrikbuurt is located in one of the best parts in Amsterdam, without having to deal with the negative aspects of a busy popular city. At the same time it's very close to any interesting site. A minute walk to the Jordaan, a 5 minute walk to the Ann Frank House and about 10 minutes to Dam Square or Leidse Square. Ofcourse, if you jump o","A few notes: - Albert Heijn (the supermarket) is situated underneath the building. - in the direct area, there are many nice small restaurants and bars. You can also find the local bakery etc. around the corner on the square. My personal favorite: YamYam. An italian trattoria opposite the street of Albert Heijn. It's got the best italian food (and pizza's) in the city, also for take away.",Many nearby great options for public transport,"Please, treat my place with respect, as if it were your own. Remember, after you leave, I return to my beloved home. This means: my appartment is suitable for 2 people max(!), not for children. Also, no pets, no smoking and absolutely no drugs. All appartments in this complex is where many hard working people live. They are not on holiday... So please respect this (thus, no loud music)."
