Fully equipped apartement in lively neigborhoud with several bars and restaurants. Convenient and fast access to city centre of Amsterdam.,"The apartment is located in Amsterdam Oost (East). The apartment is approximately 65 m2 and located on the 3rd floor. The apartment was recently renovated and is fully equipped with luxury kitchen and bathroom. There is a dishwasher, Nespresso machine, washing machine, great sound system, big flat screen and fast wireless Internet. The apartment has one big living room, including kitchen, one bedroom and a study room. There is a small balcony on the north side and a bigger balcony on the south side, with sun from morning till afternoon. I will be happy to welcome you and make you comfortable and then the apartment will be entirely yours to enjoy.","Fully equipped apartement in lively neigborhoud with several bars and restaurants. Convenient and fast access to city centre of Amsterdam. The apartment is located in Amsterdam Oost (East). The apartment is approximately 65 m2 and located on the 3rd floor. The apartment was recently renovated and is fully equipped with luxury kitchen and bathroom. There is a dishwasher, Nespresso machine, washing machine, great sound system, big flat screen and fast wireless Internet. The apartment has one big living room, including kitchen, one bedroom and a study room. There is a small balcony on the north side and a bigger balcony on the south side, with sun from morning till afternoon. I will be happy to welcome you and make you comfortable and then the apartment will be entirely yours to enjoy. The appartement is located in East Amsterdam, called ""Oost"" by locals. This is a lively neigborhood with several bars, coffee shops, restaurants and even a cinema just around the corner. More and more great","The appartement is located in East Amsterdam, called ""Oost"" by locals. This is a lively neigborhood with several bars, coffee shops, restaurants and even a cinema just around the corner. More and more great spots are opening every month.","Several tram and bus stops nearby with access to city centre of Amsterdam.  Train station (Amsterdam Muiderpoort) is 5 minutes walking. Car parking is free on Sundays, from Monday to Saturday (09.00 - 21.00) is €2,40 per hour. There is a P+R parking facility close by in Zeeburg (Website hidden by Airbnb) which is a cheap alternative.    Amsterdam Central Station is 5 minutes by train from Amsterdan Muiderpoort. Dam square is around 10 minutes by tram/bus. Dam square is 15 minutes by bike.",With neighbours we have established some ground rules:  Not more than 2 people staying No parties No smoking No pets
