"A fully furnished, cozy, light apartment in 'Oud West' close to the Vondelpark and in walking distance from the Amsterdam city centre and Museumplein.","The space is a 3 room, 60 sqm apartment in the Oud-West neighborhood. This area, close to the Overtoom, is characterized by the many residential buildings from the turn of the last century. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor and was completely renovated in June 2013. The apartment consists of 3 rooms; a spacious living room w/ kitchen, 2 bedrooms, bathroom and separate toilet. • The apartment is equipped with a fast free wireless internet connection, 47 inch flat screen TV, DVD player/X-box. • The new kitchen has a gas cooking plate, microwave/oven combination, dishwasher, fridge with freezer and a Nespresso machine. • The bathroom is equipped with walk-in (rainforest) shower, a bath, and a wash hand basin. The toilet is separate from the bathroom. • Also provided are a hairdryer and iron and ironing board The apartment can comfortably sleep 4 persons. The master bedroom has a king size (180x200cm) bed while the other bedroom is equipped with a double (140x190cm) Innovation slee","A fully furnished, cozy, light apartment in 'Oud West' close to the Vondelpark and in walking distance from the Amsterdam city centre and Museumplein. The space is a 3 room, 60 sqm apartment in the Oud-West neighborhood. This area, close to the Overtoom, is characterized by the many residential buildings from the turn of the last century. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor and was completely renovated in June 2013. The apartment consists of 3 rooms; a spacious living room w/ kitchen, 2 bedrooms, bathroom and separate toilet. • The apartment is equipped with a fast free wireless internet connection, 47 inch flat screen TV, DVD player/X-box. • The new kitchen has a gas cooking plate, microwave/oven combination, dishwasher, fridge with freezer and a Nespresso machine. • The bathroom is equipped with walk-in (rainforest) shower, a bath, and a wash hand basin. The toilet is separate from the bathroom. • Also provided are a hairdryer and iron and ironing board The apartment can comfor","The apartment is situated in the Oud West, a quiet residential neighborhood bordering with the Amsterdam downtown neighborhood. This is what (Website hidden by Airbnb) has to say about Oud-West: “Oud-West is the city’s snug living room. Quiet, handsome residential areas alternate with bustling shopping streets. This is an area where Amsterdam residents from all walks of life live alongside one another in fraternal harmony. Here, you'll find street markets as well as elegant mansions, cultural meeting points and great terraces.” With both the Overtoom and Jan Pieter Heijestraat around the corner there are plenty of restaurants and bars in the vicinity. Also, several (natural foods) supermarkets are around the corner and a couple of bike rental places are close by. Many famous Amsterdam sights are in walking distance e.g. the Vondelpark (500m), Leidseplein (1.5km) and Rijksmuseum (1.5km).","The apartment has a great connection to the city with public transport stops (tramline 1 on the Overtoom, tramlines 7 and 17 on the Kinkerstraat) around the corner. Tram 1 takes you downtown to the city centre within a matter of minutes. Also, the apartment has easy access to Schiphol airport (20 min w/ public transport) and the highway (S106 from Ring A10).  If you have any questions about our apartment, neighborhood or about Amsterdam in general, please let us know!","No smoking in the apartment – permitted only on either balcony. Any extra guests during the stay must be communicated to the owner before checking-in. Please take extra care with the wooden floor, especially with heavy suitcases etc -the floor scratches easily. Do not wear shoes inside the apartment. Guests should be mature and responsible enough to respect our apartment, its belongings and the neighbors."
