"In the city centre, near Leidseplein and very easy connected to the airport. This is a spacious luxury and beautiful 30m2 recently renovated studio-room with double bed, kitchenette and bathroom on a private floor level.","In the city centre, near Leidseplein and very easy connected to the airport. This is a spacious luxury and beautiful 30m2 recently renovated apartment with double bed, kitchenette and bathroom on a private floor. The kitchenette  is fully furnished with microwave-oven, single induction cook top, refrigerator and coffee machine. An extra sofa-bed is provided to accommodate one or two additional guests. The ensuite bathroom is equipped with a sink, shower, toilet, washing machine and dryer. Towels and bedding are provided. The studio includes a study/dining area with access to internet.  The main entrance of the apartment is on the 2nd floor of the house from which the rooms are attainable via a staircase. The stairs are typically Dutch style. Being at the back of the studio-room secludes you from any noise or traffic. The studio is a very quiet place to relax after a long day or night out in the city. The studio-room is located right in the city-centre at the intersection of Jordan and ","In the city centre, near Leidseplein and very easy connected to the airport. This is a spacious luxury and beautiful 30m2 recently renovated studio-room with double bed, kitchenette and bathroom on a private floor level. In the city centre, near Leidseplein and very easy connected to the airport. This is a spacious luxury and beautiful 30m2 recently renovated apartment with double bed, kitchenette and bathroom on a private floor. The kitchenette  is fully furnished with microwave-oven, single induction cook top, refrigerator and coffee machine. An extra sofa-bed is provided to accommodate one or two additional guests. The ensuite bathroom is equipped with a sink, shower, toilet, washing machine and dryer. Towels and bedding are provided. The studio includes a study/dining area with access to internet.  The main entrance of the apartment is on the 2nd floor of the house from which the rooms are attainable via a staircase. The stairs are typically Dutch style. Being at the back of the st","Lot of restaurants, museum district and of course the centre of the city with canals, Jordan district etc.",The quickest connection to my apartment is bus line 397 which brings you within 35 minutes from Schiphol airport to the 'Leidseplein' (Leidse square). From there it's a 5 minutes walk to my apartment.,I don’t have many rules.  I only expect you to treat the house as if it were you own. The apartment is non smoking and drugs are not allowed.
