"Spring in Amsterdam! If you feel excited to see all Amsterdam has to offer but prefer a modern & comfortable place to sleep close to the city centre, then I'd be more than happy to welcome you as my guest!","I offer a stylish, comfortable room with a cosy hotel-room feel, part of a modern 3-bedroom apartment.    THE ROOM: - The room is 14 m2 with a lockable door and is suitable for maximum 2 people - Kingsize adjustable box spring bed (1.80 * 2 m)  - Sofa (that can be made into a bed.  - Lits Jumeaux covers (XXL) - Flatscreen TV  - FREE WIFI  - Big closet with hangers for your clothes  - Fridge   - Coffeemachine   - Table with chair  - Fresh towels  and sheets The apartment is located on the 4th floor in a new apartment building with lift! You will see my apartment directly in front of you when you step out of the lift.   BATHROOM:   The bathroom is modern and has a nice rain/steamshower and there is a bubblebath ! So, after a long day of walking in Amsterdam you can relax in the jacuzzi.  There is a separate toilet.  PLEASE NOTE! Bathroom and toilet are shared with me, your host, and possible other guests. I rent one more room on Airbnb.","Spring in Amsterdam! If you feel excited to see all Amsterdam has to offer but prefer a modern & comfortable place to sleep close to the city centre, then I'd be more than happy to welcome you as my guest! I offer a stylish, comfortable room with a cosy hotel-room feel, part of a modern 3-bedroom apartment.    THE ROOM: - The room is 14 m2 with a lockable door and is suitable for maximum 2 people - Kingsize adjustable box spring bed (1.80 * 2 m)  - Sofa (that can be made into a bed.  - Lits Jumeaux covers (XXL) - Flatscreen TV  - FREE WIFI  - Big closet with hangers for your clothes  - Fridge   - Coffeemachine   - Table with chair  - Fresh towels  and sheets The apartment is located on the 4th floor in a new apartment building with lift! You will see my apartment directly in front of you when you step out of the lift.   BATHROOM:   The bathroom is modern and has a nice rain/steamshower and there is a bubblebath ! So, after a long day of walking in Amsterdam you can relax in the jacuzzi","Bos en Lommer, also known as BOLO :), is an upcoming neighbourhood just west of Amsterdam's city centre within the centre ring.  It has all the good stuff, excellent public transportation, affordable parking (Q-Park Bos en Lommer), nice and affordable places to eat, 3 supermarkets (Albert Heijn open until 22 pm !), 3 banks, shops, a daily outside market on the Bos en Lommerplein, a library, a gym which allows 1-day entrance, a bike rental shop, all within 2 minutes walking distance.  Places to have diner nearby: Wilde Westen and Buurman&Buurman  (nice pizza's!), Biergrill (Beers & Burgers), Tokio Sushibar (great sushi for delivery at home), Snackbar Pittstop (try the frikandel and kroket!), Thai food (Kratiam), Turkish food (Meram and Bir Tat), Italian (Michelangelo & Domino's Pizza) A new hotspot in Amsterdam for foodies is 'The Foodhallen' at Bellamyplein 51 ( a cpuple of stops with tram 7). A great food experience!  I can give you tips for nice restaurants in the city centre. I have","Amsterdam has a rich history. Beautiful canals and houses from the 17th century (have a boattrip!), many nice restaurants and cafes, musea (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, Hermitage, The Rembrandt house), the Anne Frank House, great shopping area's (9 Streets, Kalverstraat, PC Hooftstraat), nice area's (Jordaan, Pijp) and a good night life. The city centre can be easily reached by public transport in about 15 minutes. Bus and tram leave right in front of the apartment !  TRAM 7 - to Leidse square entertainment area, Heineken Experience, Rijksmuseum  TRAM 12 - to Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, PC Hooftstraat (high end shoppingstreet)  TRAM 14 - to Dam square, Flowermarket, Rembrandt Square entertainment area, Madame Tussaud, Anne Frank House, Red Light, District, Artis Zoo  BUS 15 - to Station Sloterdijk (only 1 stop and train to airport in 11 minutes)  BUS 21 - to Central Station  BUS 752 - Nightbus to the apartment from Amsterdam Central Station or Leidseplein  BUS 247  Goes t",- No smoking/drugs - No pets
