"My cozy,light apartment in the East part of the citycenter is truly unique. Enjoy a new kitchen and a king-size bed! Only steps away you’ll find restaurants, shops and a large organic food store. The trams around the corner bring you to old citycenter in 5 minutes!","The apartment is about 50 square meters. It’s a very cozy and light apartment.  The brand new kitchen is fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine and oven are all waiting for you!  As well as the basic ingredients such as coffee, tea, herbs and olive oil, so you can cook a delicious meal after a long day of shopping. Or just play a golden oldie on the retro LP player. You can also relax your feet on the very pleasant sofa and read one of the many books (mainly Dutch and English).","My cozy,light apartment in the East part of the citycenter is truly unique. Enjoy a new kitchen and a king-size bed! Only steps away you’ll find restaurants, shops and a large organic food store. The trams around the corner bring you to old citycenter in 5 minutes! The apartment is about 50 square meters. It’s a very cozy and light apartment.  The brand new kitchen is fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine and oven are all waiting for you!  As well as the basic ingredients such as coffee, tea, herbs and olive oil, so you can cook a delicious meal after a long day of shopping. Or just play a golden oldie on the retro LP player. You can also relax your feet on the very pleasant sofa and read one of the many books (mainly Dutch and English). Amsterdam is a city where all the locals cycle/ride a bike to go from A to B. There are two bikes in the shed that can be used!  I am nearby and can come to bring you the key and help if there is any problem. Wi-Fi broadband internet connection i",,,"I expect you to take care of the house and leave it how i left it to you. Mind the neighbours. This apartment is situated in a residential area. Please remember our neighbours, we expect you to keep heavy noise down after 22.00 PM Please don't smoke inside my house. I have a balcony when necessary. Check out is at 12. In consultation it can possibly be later. The number of people occupying the premises must not exceed the number of people that were initially booked Soft Drugs Policy  It is allowed to smoke soft-drugs in Holland, but it is not allowed in our rooms and garden. Please keep our neighbours in mind."
