,"Hello! I am offering my apartment of 55m2 to be your temporary home during your stay in the lovely city of Amsterdam. ----- THE LOCATION This apartment is located in a very quiet and lovely street in one of the best neighborhood in the city, de Pijp.  The lively Albert Cuyp market, the Sarphati Park, many bars and really nice restaurants are within walking distance from the apartment. 15-20 minutes walking and you are practically in the city center of Amsterdam. The apartment is also easily accessible by public transportation. Tram 3 & 25 is around the corner and other trams 4, 12, 16 or 24 are within walking distance. THE APARTMENT This 55m2 modern apartment with a balcony is located on the 1st floor of a typical Dutch house (but it has its own entrance door!).  BED ROOM: The appartment has one spacious bed room facing the street with a double bed. The street is very quiet at night so you will for sure get a good night sleep. BATH ROOM: One bathroom with a nice shower, sink and toilet","Hello! I am offering my apartment of 55m2 to be your temporary home during your stay in the lovely city of Amsterdam. ----- THE LOCATION This apartment is located in a very quiet and lovely street in one of the best neighborhood in the city, de Pijp.  The lively Albert Cuyp market, the Sarphati Park, many bars and really nice restaurants are within walking distance from the apartment. 15-20 minutes walking and you are practically in the city center of Amsterdam. The apartment is also easily accessible by public transportation. Tram 3 & 25 is around the corner and other trams 4, 12, 16 or 24 are within walking distance. THE APARTMENT This 55m2 modern apartment with a balcony is located on the 1st floor of a typical Dutch house (but it has its own entrance door!).  BED ROOM: The appartment has one spacious bed room facing the street with a double bed. The street is very quiet at night so you will for sure get a good night sleep. BATH ROOM: One bathroom with a nice shower, sink and toilet",,,"- It is my first bought apartment so I expect guest to take care of it as if it is their own :) - It's a quiet residential area so please keep the noise down at night. - Shoes off please :) Plenty of room to put your shoes in the corridor. Slippers are also provided.  - NO smoking in the apartment. If you wish to smoke, please do so on the balcony."
