"260 sqm of stunning architecture, very child friendly neighborhood surrounded by water yet only 12 minutes by tram from Amsterdam's city center.  We live in IJburg, a new residential neighbourhood. We developed the house our selves.","Stunning award winning architecture, very child friendly recently developped neighborhood (IJburg). The area is  surrounded by water and yet only 12 minutes by tram or bike from Amsterdam's city center.  We developed the house our selves and are very proud of the result. We have lived here for over five years now. Our house been featured in magazines, news papers and architecture books and is often used as a location for photoshoots. Our house is very spacious (260m2), light and comfortable.  Ground floor: Large entrance, studio, toilet. First floor: Very nice kitchen (Bulthaup/Gaggenau) with two ovens (steam and large regular oven with pizza stone), dish washer, large fridge, microwave, espresso machine and everything you need to prepare great meals. Balcony towards the (low maintenance) sunny garden (with a large trampoline for the kids). Living room with 4.5 meter high window and 3.5 meter long couch. Second floor: tv-room with large screen tv. Third floor: three bedrooms, large bat","260 sqm of stunning architecture, very child friendly neighborhood surrounded by water yet only 12 minutes by tram from Amsterdam's city center.  We live in IJburg, a new residential neighbourhood. We developed the house our selves. Stunning award winning architecture, very child friendly recently developped neighborhood (IJburg). The area is  surrounded by water and yet only 12 minutes by tram or bike from Amsterdam's city center.  We developed the house our selves and are very proud of the result. We have lived here for over five years now. Our house been featured in magazines, news papers and architecture books and is often used as a location for photoshoots. Our house is very spacious (260m2), light and comfortable.  Ground floor: Large entrance, studio, toilet. First floor: Very nice kitchen (Bulthaup/Gaggenau) with two ovens (steam and large regular oven with pizza stone), dish washer, large fridge, microwave, espresso machine and everything you need to prepare great meals. Balco",We live in a residential neighorhood surrounded by water. It feels very open and light. The area is clean and safe. Great architecture. The street is quiet with very little traffic. Kids can play in the street.,At IJburglaan you can take tram 26 at stop Steigereiland towards Central Station. It will take you there in 12 minutes. If you would like to go towards museum are transfer to tram 10 at the stop Rietlandpark. Tram 10 will be on the upper level. Tram leaves every 5 minutes during day time and 10 during night time until aprox midnight. For travel advice check (website hidden) Taxi's available through Uber or TCA (phone number hidden),This is not a house for parties. To keep things simple we have only a few house rules:  •No shoes in the house (besides the main entrance) •No smoking •No drugs •Food only in the kitchen •Don’t spoil water and/or electricity •Don’t use the two rooms located on the ground floor.  •Lock all doors and close all windows when leaving the house Please treat our house with utmost care. Thanks.
