"Modern 1-bedroom apartment, comfortably sleeps 4 people. Located in the middle of the new hip area Amsterdam-Oost, surrounded by bars, coffee shops & restaurants, on the corner of Oosterpark, 10min from the city center.","It's a great, modern, 1-bedroom apartment, which comfortably sleeps 4 persons, with lovely, calm feel and dynamic neighborhood around. Nice, light (huge windows) living room offers great opportunity to relax and socialize (sofa / table for 6 / cable + chromecast smartTV / armchair). If 4 people stay in the apartment, the large sofa can also serve as a bed, sleeping 2 people. Spacious bedroom has great double bed and large door which opens on the big balcony overlooking a very nice garden. (Garden is not available to enter unfortunately).  Kitchen has all the amenities you may need, and also offers access to the balcony. There is small (!), but very functional bathroom, with shower, sink, and toilet. Even though apartment is close to relatively lively area, due to double-glass windows it is very quiet in the front side (living room). The back side (bedroom) is very very quiet, as it's from the side of the garden. Apartment is on the 1st floor - therefore unfortunately very difficult to ","Modern 1-bedroom apartment, comfortably sleeps 4 people. Located in the middle of the new hip area Amsterdam-Oost, surrounded by bars, coffee shops & restaurants, on the corner of Oosterpark, 10min from the city center. It's a great, modern, 1-bedroom apartment, which comfortably sleeps 4 persons, with lovely, calm feel and dynamic neighborhood around. Nice, light (huge windows) living room offers great opportunity to relax and socialize (sofa / table for 6 / cable + chromecast smartTV / armchair). If 4 people stay in the apartment, the large sofa can also serve as a bed, sleeping 2 people. Spacious bedroom has great double bed and large door which opens on the big balcony overlooking a very nice garden. (Garden is not available to enter unfortunately).  Kitchen has all the amenities you may need, and also offers access to the balcony. There is small (!), but very functional bathroom, with shower, sink, and toilet. Even though apartment is close to relatively lively area, due to double","Apartment is located in the very middle of the new upcoming area of Amsterdam - Oost, right between Beukenplein (full of coffee shops, bars and restaurants) and Oosterpark (one of the most lovely, recently renovated parks of Amsterdam). Lively and young, but also not far from the center - here you will see how & where the real Amsterdammers live! Bar Bukowski is where the Amsterdam young crowd spends their days and evenings - opened until 3am and great place to end the evening – and start the morning with coffee and have brunch as well! At the Beukenplein (50m! to the right from my apartment) you’ll additionally find numerous! coffee places, restaurants, etc for great breakfast/lunch/dinner/beers. I especially like Thai at ThaiCoon, food at Maxwell, evenings / food at Smoking Barrels are also popular, same as coffee at Cafe Bru (very child friendly!) or burgers / beer at Rotisserie East or French cuisine / pizza in Restaurant Bidou. If weather allows, don't forget to stroll across Oost","As it is almost in the center of Amsterdam, the apartment is very easily accessible. To get to the center, you simply take tram #7 from in front of the apartment and after 8 minutes you are at Leidseplein (the main entertainment area and entry to the historical city center with the most beautiful canals). Alternatively, it is max 10 minutes by bike to any place in the center of Amsterdam.  It is also very easily available from the Schiphol airport. At the airport you need to take train to any train station in Amsterdam - best to Amsterdam Central (10 minutes). There you change to ANY metro line (51,53,54), and go four stations to 'Wibautstraat' (max 7 minutes). My apartment is 150 meters (4 minutes) walk from that metro station. At night, taxi from the center should cost you no more than 15 EUR (unfortunately, taxis are rather expensive in The Netherlands) - but that is great tariff for Amsterdam standards. If you arrive by car - I'd suggest parking at P+R (Park&Ride) - it is much chea","It is STRICTLY forbidden to make any noise after 23. Especially, it is STRICTLY forbidden to use the balcony and make ANY noise there after 23 - due to some previous guests not obeying these rules, my neighbours are sensitive (especially about groups drinking at the balcony at night..). Once there is noise, they will inform me for sure and may also call the police. Once any of that happens, I will need to ask you to leave the house immediately and will not be able to help you in finding new accommodation. (In general - the house is a place for relaxing, cooking, resting, and sleeping - NO (after) parties, NO loud smoking of marijuana and other drugs at home (at all) and on balcony (at night), NO heavy alcohol drinking - Amsterdam has great opportunities to party in the center - please use them there and at home just relax! ). Finally - it's NOT allowed to bring guests to the house who are not included in the initial reservation (except if agreed before). Pets need discussion (no pet ke"
