"Modern, design furniture, very light and bright, huge equipped kitchen, fireplace, great balconies and floating terraces","Modern, design furniture, very light and bright, huge equipped kitchen, fireplace, great balconies and floating terraces The houseboat is located 500 meters from the heart of the Jordaan, in the historic center of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is an area full of small restaurants, terraces, fun shops alternating with beautiful canals, small streets and with a variety of wonderful historic buildings. The Jordaan borders on the well-known shopping area the Negen Kleine Straatjes (literally: Nine Little Streets) were you can also find many small shops and cozy restaurants. Within walking distance you will find highlights like the Anne Frank House, the Westertower, the Dam square, theRoyal Palace and the Amsterdam Historic Museum. The houseboat is easily reachable by car and public transport (see below under “Accessibility”), but once you're here, the easiest means of transportation is by bicycle (see tab “Bicycle rental”). The houseboat is a 10 minutes walk from the nicest shopping street in Ams","Modern, design furniture, very light and bright, huge equipped kitchen, fireplace, great balconies and floating terraces The houseboat is located 500 meters from the heart of the Jordaan, in the historic center of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is an area full of small restaurants, terraces, fun shops alternating with beautiful canals, small streets and with a variety of wonderful historic buildings. The Jordaan borders on the well-known shopping area the Negen Kleine Straatjes (literally: Nine Little Streets) were you can also find many small shops and cozy restaurants. Within walking distance you will find highlights like the Anne Frank House, the Westertower, the Dam square, theRoyal Palace and the Amsterdam Historic Museum. The houseboat is easily reachable by car and public transport (see below under “Accessibility”), but once you're here, the easiest means of transportation is by bicycle (see tab “Bicycle rental”). The houseboat is a 10 minutes walk from the nicest shopping street in Ams",,"ACCESSIBILITY: From the airport you can take a train to central station (20 min). From there you can either walk (20 minutes), take a cab (approximately € 13) or take bus 21 (less than 10 minutes). To take bus 21. When you arrive at Central Station, exit on the city side (main Exit). Take bus nr 21 and get off after 5 minutes at the stop “van Beuningenplein"". At the other side of the street you will see a large square with a play garden: the “kostverlorenkade"".  Take the road left and walk 150 meter. You are in front of my houseboat! When you decide to come by car. You can park your car almost always in front of the houseboat. However, Amsterdam is not very “car friendly"" as the city charges rather high rates for parking. Alternatively, go to Park and Ride Amsterdam for cheaper parking options. The Park and Ride that is closest to us, is the “P+R Sloterdijk"". The cost for Park and Ride is € 8 per day. They offer return tickets for public transport free of charge.",No smoking inside but you can smoke on the balconies and terraces
