Our houseboat is situated in an upcoming and trendy area 5 minute walk from the city center on the north bank of the IJ-river. A cosy family house with all modern comforts and terrace/ garden in a quiet street. Suits 4 people easily.,"Live on the water in a spacious, modern and bright houseboat with two private terraces. Our boat is a family house and welcomes easygoing families or coupes to enjoy it as much we do.","Our houseboat is situated in an upcoming and trendy area 5 minute walk from the city center on the north bank of the IJ-river. A cosy family house with all modern comforts and terrace/ garden in a quiet street. Suits 4 people easily. Live on the water in a spacious, modern and bright houseboat with two private terraces. Our boat is a family house and welcomes easygoing families or coupes to enjoy it as much we do. There is an open kitchen, a living room, 2 bedrooms and a bathroom with bathtub and shower. On 2 sides of the boat there is a terrace. You can even swim from the balcony. We will inform you with our book on the kitchen table on sights, cultural attractions etc. within the area. If you need enquiries on any destination we can always help you out with information. This is a trendy upcoming neighborhood with the new film institute Eye (museum, restaurant, and cinema with an excellent choice of classic and new movies), the new music venue Paradiso Tolhuistuin, with a waterfront b","This is a trendy upcoming neighborhood with the new film institute Eye (museum, restaurant, and cinema with an excellent choice of classic and new movies), the new music venue Paradiso Tolhuistuin, with a waterfront beach-like terrace. There are several new trendy restaurants, (book)shops and other creative initiatives. It is the area where the hipsters go these days, because it is very central, yet green and spacious - near the waterfront, but also close to rural Amsterdam, 'het Waterland'.  Our boat is on a canal which leads to the IJ-river and the former NDSM shipyard, the hip cultural hotspot of Amsterdam.","The ferry, just a few minutes from our boat, will take you in aprox 1,5 min (all night, no costs) straight to Amsterdam Central Station on the south bank of the IJ-river. Moreover, just around the corner is a bus stop that will take you in 10 minutes to Central Station.",We have a non-smoking house and ask you to take care of our house the way you think we would.
