"Welcome to my home! It's spacious, modern, newly renovated and has a luxurious feel to it; The king size bed, open plan kitchen, large balcony, waterfall shower, dishwasher, flat screen in living-room and bedroom, the decoration & romantic atmosphere. The location is the best! In one of the nicest streets of Amsterdam packed with loads of great bars & Hip Restaurants. Very easy to reach from Schiphol, close to Muiderpoort station, Artis, Brewery T' IJ, Royal Tropical Institute & Dappermarkt.",1x Living room including open Kitchen (option to include extra mattrass for 3rd person) 1x Bedroom 1x Bathroom,"Welcome to my home! It's spacious, modern, newly renovated and has a luxurious feel to it; The king size bed, open plan kitchen, large balcony, waterfall shower, dishwasher, flat screen in living-room and bedroom, the decoration & romantic atmosphere. The location is the best! In one of the nicest streets of Amsterdam packed with loads of great bars & Hip Restaurants. Very easy to reach from Schiphol, close to Muiderpoort station, Artis, Brewery T' IJ, Royal Tropical Institute & Dappermarkt. 1x Living room including open Kitchen (option to include extra mattrass for 3rd person) 1x Bedroom 1x Bathroom Living room, Bedroom & Bathroom You will have the house to yourself. If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will make sure someone will be there to welcome you, show you around and answer all your questions. Easy connection to Dam square (15min), Leidse Square (15min), Central station (10min) by train, tram or bus. Possibility to add a single mattress on the ground in the living-room for ",,"Easy connection to Dam square (15min), Leidse Square (15min), Central station (10min) by train, tram or bus.","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out only on trash pickup days or dump it in a container outside. More information about when to take out the garbage can by found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we may have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check"
