Our split level apartment is clean and modern. It has a large living area with an open kitchen. Downstairs there is a large double bedroom and wardrobe for all your stuff. The bathroom (shower) and toilet are separate. Great place to stay!,"Our apartment is suitable for couples. Any kind of smoking in the apartment in not allowed.   The split level apartment has a large living area with an open kitchen and 2 small balcony's. Downstairs there is a large double bedroom and wardrobe for all your stuff. The bathroom (shower) and toilet are separate.  It is unique by its location and can be compared to London's Shoreditch area. It's in the middle of everything but without the noise and crowd's.  If you turn right from the front door you're on the Amstel river with the Carre Theater, The Amstel Hotel, the 'Skinny Bridge' and The Hermitage all at walking distance. Turn left and you go to the lovely 'Utrechtsestraat' for in crowd boutiques, designer fashion, book shops, coffee bars, restaurants and a couple of typical Dutch cafe's. Walk a couple of minutes onwards and you'll be on the Rembrandt square.","Our split level apartment is clean and modern. It has a large living area with an open kitchen. Downstairs there is a large double bedroom and wardrobe for all your stuff. The bathroom (shower) and toilet are separate. Great place to stay! Our apartment is suitable for couples. Any kind of smoking in the apartment in not allowed.   The split level apartment has a large living area with an open kitchen and 2 small balcony's. Downstairs there is a large double bedroom and wardrobe for all your stuff. The bathroom (shower) and toilet are separate.  It is unique by its location and can be compared to London's Shoreditch area. It's in the middle of everything but without the noise and crowd's.  If you turn right from the front door you're on the Amstel river with the Carre Theater, The Amstel Hotel, the 'Skinny Bridge' and The Hermitage all at walking distance. Turn left and you go to the lovely 'Utrechtsestraat' for in crowd boutiques, designer fashion, book shops, coffee bars, restaurants","Walk just 100 meters, and you can find yourself on the Utrechtsestraat, renowned for its restaurants, cafes, designer boutiques, lovely bakeries and wine shops.  ",- 3 stops from central station by subway - tram stop at the end of the street - subway 'Weesperplein' is at less than 500 metres - buses also stop at the end of the street,"We expect guests to have a good time and enjoy themselves, as you would in your own house. Treat our apartment with respect and clean up after yourself. Smoking inside or on the balcony's is not allowed and prohibited."
