"Perfect place for a weekend in Amsterdam!! It's an appartement in the very populair ""Westerpark"" closeby the citycentre. Fully equipped appartement and a busstop on the corner","!!!! SEPTEMBER 2018 FOR A WHOLE MONTH  Ask for details!!!! Beautiful modern appartement/loft ideal for single or a couple. Modern furniture and dishwasher, microwave, oven, washingmachine and dryer. Also a very nice walk-inn rainshower The appartement is on the groundfloor and got its own frontdoor. And also a nice Patio where you can sit even when its cold outside. There is also a nice garden The appartement is in the neighbourhood ""Westerpark/ spaarndammerbuurt"".Its 5 minutes from the citycentre (by bike)  Its 1 minute walk from the supermarket called "" Albert Heijn"" and ""Spar"" There are also alot of little groceriesshop in the neighbourhood. On the corner of the spaarndammerstraat is a nice shop where you can drink coffee called "" bagels and beans"" For a good restaurant you can go to "" Walvis"" also at the spaarndammerstraat. Also The Westerpark is on walking distance, This is the place to be to go out in the night or have a breakfast or lunch during the day in one of its nice coffee","Perfect place for a weekend in Amsterdam!! It's an appartement in the very populair ""Westerpark"" closeby the citycentre. Fully equipped appartement and a busstop on the corner !!!! SEPTEMBER 2018 FOR A WHOLE MONTH  Ask for details!!!! Beautiful modern appartement/loft ideal for single or a couple. Modern furniture and dishwasher, microwave, oven, washingmachine and dryer. Also a very nice walk-inn rainshower The appartement is on the groundfloor and got its own frontdoor. And also a nice Patio where you can sit even when its cold outside. There is also a nice garden The appartement is in the neighbourhood ""Westerpark/ spaarndammerbuurt"".Its 5 minutes from the citycentre (by bike)  Its 1 minute walk from the supermarket called "" Albert Heijn"" and ""Spar"" There are also alot of little groceriesshop in the neighbourhood. On the corner of the spaarndammerstraat is a nice shop where you can drink coffee called "" bagels and beans"" For a good restaurant you can go to "" Walvis"" also at the spaa","- Cafe "" Walvis"" - Cafe "" Mitch"" - Bistro Zuidlande - Restaurant "" REM eiland"" - Restaurant Boccani - Theater Amsterdam (Anne Frank theatre) - The Westerpark and all of its pubs like westergasterras, De Bakkerswinkel, Espressofabriek. In summertime there are festivals in the park and you can BBQ. Its 5 minute walk","From Central station take: Bus 22 (ri. spaarndammerbuurt): Get out at busstop ""Nova Zemblastraat"" or Bus 48 (ri. station sloterdijk); get out at busstop ""Spaarndammerstraat"" Both lines is +/-10 min. from Central station","- If you smoke, smoke in the patio please - no noise after 22:00 because of the neighbours"
