"Modern, fully renovated and very light 2 bedroom apartment in Amsterdam West. Situated near Vondelpark, directly on the canals with an amazing view. Very neat, suitable for 4 people. Fully equipped and centrally located. Only available for couples and families.","Modern and light 2-room apartment with balcony. Completely renovated, very clean and tidy. Lots of windows making it very light, with beautiful view of the Admiralengracht (Canal of Admirals). Modern bathroom and hall in the middle. Accommodates 4 guests (2 bedrooms both with double bed). It's important our guests feel ""at home"" and therefore we do everything to provide you with all the comforts we can offer. Of course, we take care of a clean apartment and assume you deal with our property respectfully and neatly as if it's your own. Bed linen, fresh towels and unlimited coffee and tea is provided. The house consists of a fantastic kitchen, adjacent to the living room. We like cooking and therefore have a large large kitchen with cooking island and bar with 2 bar stools. The dining table suits 6 people and you can use necessities such as herbs, gaspits, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, microwave and oven. The living room has a cozy and spacious sitting area with comfortable lounge bench a","Modern, fully renovated and very light 2 bedroom apartment in Amsterdam West. Situated near Vondelpark, directly on the canals with an amazing view. Very neat, suitable for 4 people. Fully equipped and centrally located. Only available for couples and families. Modern and light 2-room apartment with balcony. Completely renovated, very clean and tidy. Lots of windows making it very light, with beautiful view of the Admiralengracht (Canal of Admirals). Modern bathroom and hall in the middle. Accommodates 4 guests (2 bedrooms both with double bed). It's important our guests feel ""at home"" and therefore we do everything to provide you with all the comforts we can offer. Of course, we take care of a clean apartment and assume you deal with our property respectfully and neatly as if it's your own. Bed linen, fresh towels and unlimited coffee and tea is provided. The house consists of a fantastic kitchen, adjacent to the living room. We like cooking and therefore have a large large kitchen wi","The Baarsjes is a nice, quiet and friendly neighborhood. The area is very green and remarkably close to all attractions, the city center, the Jordaan and the Vondelpark, but you will absolutely not be bothered by crowds or tourists. There are many restaurants, bars and terraces nearby. Kinkerstraat, Overtoom, Ten Kate Market and Old West are all within walking distance. Also the Westerpark and Rembrandt Park are easily accessible. Within a radius of 500 meters are Café Edel / Het Sieraad (the best terrace in Amsterdam), Restaurant Radijs, the Jan Evertsenstraat (shopping area) and two big Albert Heijn supermarkets.","There are several tram and bus stops at a maximum 2 -minute walk. We walk a lot, which is a perfect and easy way to get around. Shops, restaurants, bars, markets and terraces are around the corner. The Vondelpark is a 15 minute walk and the center is about half an hour by foot. You can park your car in front of the door, keep in mind that parking is paid throughout Amsterdam. In this neighborhood you pay from 9:00 pm to midnight, Sundays is free parking. Easiest way to get to the apartment from Schiphol Airport is by taxi. Takes about 15 minutes (without traffic) and costs about 20 euros. By public transport from Schiphol Airport you take the train (Sprinter) to Hoorn and get off at Amsterdam Lelylaan. Grab tram 17 towards Central Station, after 5 stops get off at the Witte de Withstraat and then walk 250 meter to the house. By car from Schiphol, go to the A4, follow the signs for Utrecht / Haarlem / Amsterdam. Then follow the A10 West after 7 miles, Ring Amsterdam (west ) / Center / Z",Feel at home in our lovely apartment and take care of it as if it's your own. - No smoking - After 10 PM take it easy and please be quiet after midnight - No parties - No drugs
