"This classic, but modernised 1930 style apartment in the 'Rivierenbuurt area' (15 minutes from the city centre), has 3 bedrooms and is perfect for those who want to discover the lifely city of Amsterdam, but also want to enjoy the countryside.","The very light '30 style apartment has:  - a fully equipped modern design open kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher, italian caffetiera) with a large table and sunny balcony on the south side. - 3x bedrooms (1 bedroom with double bed on the 3rd floor, 1 bedroom with bunk bed for two persons and a third bedroom on the 4th floor with a single bed). - 2x toilets (3rd and 4th floor). - bathroom with bath and rainshower on the 3rd floor. - laundry room with a washing machine and dryer (4th floor).","This classic, but modernised 1930 style apartment in the 'Rivierenbuurt area' (15 minutes from the city centre), has 3 bedrooms and is perfect for those who want to discover the lifely city of Amsterdam, but also want to enjoy the countryside. The very light '30 style apartment has:  - a fully equipped modern design open kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher, italian caffetiera) with a large table and sunny balcony on the south side. - 3x bedrooms (1 bedroom with double bed on the 3rd floor, 1 bedroom with bunk bed for two persons and a third bedroom on the 4th floor with a single bed). - 2x toilets (3rd and 4th floor). - bathroom with bath and rainshower on the 3rd floor. - laundry room with a washing machine and dryer (4th floor). I will welcome you in person to give you the key and show you around the apartment. Please contact me if you have any questions. Our apartment is situated in the classic Amsterdam-Style housing area (30's style), called the River Area (Rivierenbuurt). This s","Our apartment is situated in the classic Amsterdam-Style housing area (30's style), called the River Area (Rivierenbuurt). This storical neighourhood, where Anne Frank grew up and went to school, is a quiet and very safe area. 10 minutes walk away from the hippest area of Amsterdam “de Pijp” and the most famous market of Amsterdam, the Albert Cuyp market. Also 15 minutes by bicycle or public transport from the City Center and 10 minutes from the Museum Area with the renewed Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and Stedelijk Museum. Situated 500 metres from the RAI - exhibition/confrence Center (I will provide a little map how to walk to the RAI from the apartment).  In 10 minutes by bicycle direction south, you are at the beautiful Amstel river where you can rent a boat and enjoy the countryside, with cows, a great park (Amstelpark) and two real old Dutch windmills...  - Supermarket, grocery stores and shops just around the corner and lots of great restaurants and bars.",Bicycle rent is very near the apartment - public transport every 5-10 minutes around the corner.,"Beste gast,  Ga met onze spullen om alsof het je eigen spullen zijn. Denk aan onze buren. En laat ons huis svp netjes achter. Dear Guest, Thank you for your interest in our apartment.  Treat our place like it is your own.  Think about our neighbours. Leave our house as you found it. Please mail us, if you have any questions! Have a nice stay, Remco and Sandrina"
