Cozy 1 bedroom apartment with garden near the Jordaan in Amsterdam. Very central and where everything to do in Amsterdam is either within walking distance or just a few tram stops away. ,This cozy comfortable Amsterdam apartment is the ideal apartment for couples wanting to visit Amsterdam and live like locals. The apartment has a double bed and a comfortable couch that works as a single bed. Cleaning cost and 5.5% city tax is included in the rate. The apartment is very centrally located. Busses 18 & 21 are just on the corner and will take you to Central station. Tram 3 is also around the corner and can take you to the Rijks Musuem and other intresting attractions.,"Cozy 1 bedroom apartment with garden near the Jordaan in Amsterdam. Very central and where everything to do in Amsterdam is either within walking distance or just a few tram stops away.  This cozy comfortable Amsterdam apartment is the ideal apartment for couples wanting to visit Amsterdam and live like locals. The apartment has a double bed and a comfortable couch that works as a single bed. Cleaning cost and 5.5% city tax is included in the rate. The apartment is very centrally located. Busses 18 & 21 are just on the corner and will take you to Central station. Tram 3 is also around the corner and can take you to the Rijks Musuem and other intresting attractions. You have full use of the house, kitchen and garden. This is a self catering apartment, however there is plenty of coffee and tea in the cupboards and you are free to make use of all cooking spices and condiments. I do not charge extra for cleaning costs like other B&B renters do, I do wish my guess to treat the property with","What I love about my neighborhood besides being very centrally located, is that it's very good mix of different nationalities and cultures both living in the neighborhood and visiting from abroad. There are many activities organized in the neighborhood from open food markets, festivals and concerts. There are two major supermarkets within walking distance as well as an interesting Moroccan supermarket where I shop quite frequently.",Busses 18 & 21 are just on the corner and will take you to Central station. Tram 3 is also around the corner and can take you to the Rijks Musuem and other intresting attractions.,"The apartment is located in a residential area so I do ask my guest to be considerate of the neighbors at all hours of the day. As mentioned above I do not charge extra for cleaning costs as many B&Bs do, however I do wish my guest to treat the property with respect and tidy up."
