"Our spacious family apartment is situated on the second floor in a particular monument and completely renovated in 2009, with respect for history and architecture. The facades are restored and preservation of authentic details. Only for families ",The Space Living area approx 100 sqm 1 living room with separate area for computer 1 kitchen with dining table 3 bedrooms 1 bathroom with shower and bath 1 separate WC utility room with washer and dryer 2 small balconies on the south side of the building overlooking the large communal garden Central heating Combi Intergas HR 2009 Fully double glazed and very good isolated: no sounds or noise of street traffic! Intercom air cleaners in living room and two bedrooms storage,"Our spacious family apartment is situated on the second floor in a particular monument and completely renovated in 2009, with respect for history and architecture. The facades are restored and preservation of authentic details. Only for families The Space Living area approx 100 sqm 1 living room with separate area for computer 1 kitchen with dining table 3 bedrooms 1 bathroom with shower and bath 1 separate WC utility room with washer and dryer 2 small balconies on the south side of the building overlooking the large communal garden Central heating Combi Intergas HR 2009 Fully double glazed and very good isolated: no sounds or noise of street traffic! Intercom air cleaners in living room and two bedrooms storage Guest Access The apartment is yours during your stay. You will get clean blankets and towels, so you only have to take your clothes and toothbrush with you. You can wash and dry your laundry. Our friend Lucy is there to welcome you and hand over the keys. You can use our two bi","The Neighborhood The apartment is nearby the Westerpark, a cultural hotspot with nice restaurants, jazzclub, festivals, children playground and coffee corners. New theater Theater Amsterdam nearby with musical Anne Frank.   Shopping district on the Spaarndammerstraat and the Haarlemmerdijk.  Saturday market at Jordaan. ","Public transport Bus stop (bus 48)  in opposite of the door, every 10 minutes to Central Station. It takes about ten minutes to get to Central Station Also busstop (bus 22) around the corner witch can take you in the directions of the big museums. It takes about 15-20 minutes to get to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh and Stedelijk.","We have a cat and a rabbit. Because we love them, we don't want to stress them out by taking them out of the house during your stay. So we hope you love to look after them, just by feeding them, so they can stay in their own surroundings.  Although we are former smokers, we keep our house smoke free. But you can smoke at the balcony.   We have had already a lot of guests in our home, we are also member of home exchange and love to travel ourself."
