"Beautiful view, never a dull moment, staring over the canal. Close to shops and restaurants. 5 minutes from Central Station. Comfortable and free wifi.","Superlocation, in the middle of the old Centre of Amsterdam, fantastic view over the Canal, 10 minutes walk from the Central Station, close to shops, and historic centre. Stylish, nicely furnished, wifi network,  fully equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom with bathroom. In our neighborhoud are plenty of restaurants cafe's, many very nice shops in the Haarlemmerstraat, which is the nicest shoppingstreet of Amsterdam. There are lots of things to do. Visit the Rijksmuseum or Van Gogh Museum and the famous Anne Frank House, rent a bike or a little boat. Take the ferry to North and go to the new Eye Film Institute or to the Movies.  Have your jazz dosis in the Bimhouse, go to the skylounge for a allover view of Amsterdam. Have a look in the new library. Have a joint around the corner, or peek around in the red light district. The Westerpark or Vondelpark are also nice to visit. The Noordermarket on  mondaymorning and the Lindengrachtmarket on saterday worth to pay a visit. Don't forget to tate the f","Superlocation, in the middle of the old Centre of Amsterdam, fantastic view over the Canal, 10 minutes walk from the Central Station, close to shops, and historic centre. Stylish, nicely furnished, wifi network,  fully equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom with bathroom. In our neighborhoud are plenty of restaurants cafe's, many very nice shops in the Haarlemmerstraat, which is the nicest shoppingstreet of Amsterdam. There are lots of things to do. Visit the Rijksmuseum or Van Gogh Museum and the famous Anne Frank House, rent a bike or a little boat. Take the ferry to North and go to the new Eye Film Institute or to the Movies.  Have your jazz dosis in the Bimhouse, go to the skylounge for a allover view of Amsterdam. Have a look in the new library. Have a joint around the corner, or peek around in the red light district. The Westerpark or Vondelpark are also nice to visit. The Noordermarket on  mondaymorning and the Lindengrachtmarket on saterday worth to pay a visit. Don't forget to tate the f",,,Respect the house and the furniture. Close doors and windows when you leave.
