"Amsterdam - old centre: a pleasant and artistically decorated two floor river-house (built in 1883), along the river Amstel, with backyard and all the facilities and comfort you need. Over 180 square meters.","This wonderfully decorated river house has 2 living rooms (one includes a sofa bed for 2 persons) 2 bed rooms with a very comfortabel queen size bed each (one of them being the sofabed in the upper living room) for 4 persons in total. 1 spacious kitchen 1 spacious garden (shared with friendly neighbours) 1 oriental bath room with jacuzzi. You Amsterdam stay will be very enjoyable at this location. Just have a look at the pictures. They will tell you all you need to know. But you can always contact us, if you still have questions. We hope to welcome you soon.","Amsterdam - old centre: a pleasant and artistically decorated two floor river-house (built in 1883), along the river Amstel, with backyard and all the facilities and comfort you need. Over 180 square meters. This wonderfully decorated river house has 2 living rooms (one includes a sofa bed for 2 persons) 2 bed rooms with a very comfortabel queen size bed each (one of them being the sofabed in the upper living room) for 4 persons in total. 1 spacious kitchen 1 spacious garden (shared with friendly neighbours) 1 oriental bath room with jacuzzi. You Amsterdam stay will be very enjoyable at this location. Just have a look at the pictures. They will tell you all you need to know. But you can always contact us, if you still have questions. We hope to welcome you soon. Our home is your home. As long as you treat it with all the TLC we do. At your arrival we'll be there to welcome you and show you around.  During your stay the house is yours only, we are elsewhere but reachable by phone. Our h","Along the Amstel river side, within walking distance to the city centre and all the main attractions. This is a wonderful neighnourhood. A quiet green oases. Very unique in Amsterdam's city center. Near to the De Pijp aera, with the Albert Cuyp Market and lots of wonderful cafe's and restaurants, artisan shops. Also near to the Utrechtsestraat, the Museums, the Grand Concert Hall and the Artis Zoo.",Easily accessible by public transport. Just three stops by metro from Amsterdam Central Station for instance.,"We expect you to treat our home as if it were your own. With TLC that is. And sorry no pets, no hard drugs, no parties. We look forward to welcome you and are sure you will love it here."
