"My apartment is not very big, but bright and sunny and I love it! It's just outside the center of Amsterdam, so, less crowded.  My street is rather wide. I rather like this wideness, because of the privacy. The neighborhood is mostly apartments, but there are 3 supermarkets and other ""normal"" shops you need for daily life. There are the 3 big museums, the Vondelpark,  the Municipal theater and the worldfamous Concerthall  (Concertgebouw), all at walking distance.","This is a  3-room sunny apartment on the 4th floor in a small building, In the bedroom there is a king-size bed. You can walk from here to all kinds of places of interest, or you can take a tram.  There is a quiet communal garden at the back of the building. There is an elevator. You''ll find all kinds of shops in the street and around the corner.  Public transport is very good, but the centre, the big museums (Rijksmuseum, van Gogh, Municipal)and Concert Hall are 10- 15  minutes walking. The Vondelpark also is at 5 minutes. Also, there are 3 supermarkets, 2 bakeries, several places to eat till late in the night, ATM machines in the street.  There are many  restaurants, pizzerias, bars and lunch rooms  in the neighbourhood.  Leidseplein, the so-called entertainment area,  is 5 minutes walking. I have a washing machine,  but no dryer. And I do the the dishes by hand You can of course use my wireless internet connection. INCLUDED:  - Towels, sheets , hair dryer etc. - Tea, coffee, juice,","My apartment is not very big, but bright and sunny and I love it! It's just outside the center of Amsterdam, so, less crowded.  My street is rather wide. I rather like this wideness, because of the privacy. The neighborhood is mostly apartments, but there are 3 supermarkets and other ""normal"" shops you need for daily life. There are the 3 big museums, the Vondelpark,  the Municipal theater and the worldfamous Concerthall  (Concertgebouw), all at walking distance. This is a  3-room sunny apartment on the 4th floor in a small building, In the bedroom there is a king-size bed. You can walk from here to all kinds of places of interest, or you can take a tram.  There is a quiet communal garden at the back of the building. There is an elevator. You''ll find all kinds of shops in the street and around the corner.  Public transport is very good, but the centre, the big museums (Rijksmuseum, van Gogh, Municipal)and Concert Hall are 10- 15  minutes walking. The Vondelpark also is at 5 minutes. A","My neighborhood is very pleasant, mostly apartments, but also shops, small restaurants, excellent public transport, and the 3 big museums are within walking distance,",To get to my apartment from the airport take bus 397 which takes you in 30 minutes to Leidseplein which is 10 minutes walking from my place. Bus 397 departs every 15 minutes.,"No smoking, no pets, no drugs, no partying. Minimum age: 25 Please take care of my plants. No more than 2 adults. There is room for a young child"
