Who wants to stay another night can lent my VIP-museumpass for Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum (free entrance and no waiting in the lines!). On the first day you can always bring early in the morning your luggage and on the last day you can leave your luggage the whole day in the house.,"With a view to the famous Vondelpark in the middle of the old centre of Amsterdam, this room is wonderful, clean & spacious with a very comfortable bed. For two guests max!  Situated in a beautiful surrounding and close to the exciting parts of Amsterdam. Like the famous Jordaan, Dam Square, Paradiso, Leidse Square, 5 minutes walk! to Museum District (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Rembrandt) and Amsterdam Central Station. A lot of bars and restaurants are situated close to this beautiful appartment.  It is close to the airport as well; it takes less than 30 minutes with the fast bus 197.  The room with TV and free wifi is in one of the typical brick stone housings of Amsterdam, the house has all the comforts that you would expect. Fresh towels will be provided. The bathroom is new (march 2014). Who wants to stay another night can lent my VIP-museumpass for Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum (free entrance and no waiting in the lines!). On the first day you can always bring early in the morning your lu","Who wants to stay another night can lent my VIP-museumpass for Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum (free entrance and no waiting in the lines!). On the first day you can always bring early in the morning your luggage and on the last day you can leave your luggage the whole day in the house. With a view to the famous Vondelpark in the middle of the old centre of Amsterdam, this room is wonderful, clean & spacious with a very comfortable bed. For two guests max!  Situated in a beautiful surrounding and close to the exciting parts of Amsterdam. Like the famous Jordaan, Dam Square, Paradiso, Leidse Square, 5 minutes walk! to Museum District (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Rembrandt) and Amsterdam Central Station. A lot of bars and restaurants are situated close to this beautiful appartment.  It is close to the airport as well; it takes less than 30 minutes with the fast bus 197.  The room with TV and free wifi is in one of the typical brick stone housings of Amsterdam, the house has all the comforts that yo",,,
