,"With a view from the big balcony to the famous Vondelpark in the middle of the old centre of Amsterdam, this huge room is a wonderful, clean & spacious with a very comfortable bed. Up to 2 guests can stay! Situated in a beautiful surrounding and close to the exciting parts of Amsterdam. Like the famous Jordaan, Dam Square, 5 minutes walk! to the museum district (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Rembrandt) and Amsterdam Central Station. It is close to the airport as well; it takes less than 30 minutes with bus 197.  The room with TV is in one of the typical brick stone housings of Amsterdam and has all the comforts that you would expect. The bathroom is new (february 2014) and shared with another guestroom. A daily cleaner will be serving you with fresh towels. Vondelpark is the biggest and most charming park of the city. You look out of bedroom onto this beautiful park. With the use of natural elements it is like being in a forest with the park as neighbor. It’s for those who want something spe","With a view from the big balcony to the famous Vondelpark in the middle of the old centre of Amsterdam, this huge room is a wonderful, clean & spacious with a very comfortable bed. Up to 2 guests can stay! Situated in a beautiful surrounding and close to the exciting parts of Amsterdam. Like the famous Jordaan, Dam Square, 5 minutes walk! to the museum district (Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh & Rembrandt) and Amsterdam Central Station. It is close to the airport as well; it takes less than 30 minutes with bus 197.  The room with TV is in one of the typical brick stone housings of Amsterdam and has all the comforts that you would expect. The bathroom is new (february 2014) and shared with another guestroom. A daily cleaner will be serving you with fresh towels. Vondelpark is the biggest and most charming park of the city. You look out of bedroom onto this beautiful park. With the use of natural elements it is like being in a forest with the park as neighbor. It’s for those who want something spe",,,
