Light and spacious apartment for 2 in the Museum district with sunny rooftop terrace.,"If you are looking for a light modern luxury apartment in Amsterdam's finest neighbourhood, you have come to the right place. Our apartment is in the Museumsquare (Museumplein) neighbourhood just steps away from the museums (Rijksmuseum, Van Goghmuseum, Stedelijk Museum), Concertgebouw, Vondelpark and Conservatorium hotel. 5 minutes for Leidseplein and city center.  Size: 65 square meters, 700 square ft. Speedy wifi internet access.  Open fully furnished modern kitchen (with dishwasher, French press, toaster and blender) and large living room, 1 bedroom and new bathroom with bathtub (+ washing machine and dryer) and separate toilet. The living room has a large dining table, large comfy couch with chaise longue and a large flatscreen TV. The bedroom has a kingsize bed (180 x 200 cm) with non-allergenic pillows and blanket and darkening curtains. The apartment is located on the 4th floor, it is a little climb up the stairs but once you are up there, it is worth it, since there is a priva","Light and spacious apartment for 2 in the Museum district with sunny rooftop terrace. If you are looking for a light modern luxury apartment in Amsterdam's finest neighbourhood, you have come to the right place. Our apartment is in the Museumsquare (Museumplein) neighbourhood just steps away from the museums (Rijksmuseum, Van Goghmuseum, Stedelijk Museum), Concertgebouw, Vondelpark and Conservatorium hotel. 5 minutes for Leidseplein and city center.  Size: 65 square meters, 700 square ft. Speedy wifi internet access.  Open fully furnished modern kitchen (with dishwasher, French press, toaster and blender) and large living room, 1 bedroom and new bathroom with bathtub (+ washing machine and dryer) and separate toilet. The living room has a large dining table, large comfy couch with chaise longue and a large flatscreen TV. The bedroom has a kingsize bed (180 x 200 cm) with non-allergenic pillows and blanket and darkening curtains. The apartment is located on the 4th floor, it is a little",,,"I love my apartment and take really good care of it, I hope you will love it too and take care of it in the same way I do. Just in case, here is a list of things I would like you to observe. Please read this carefully. Please note that this is a non-smoking apartment, unfortunately I will have to charge 100 euros of your deposit if you have smoked in the apartment. For obvious fire safety considerations, the burning of any candles is not allowed. No pets allowed. Any damages to the apartment or its furnishings will have consequences for your deposit.  It is a 100 year old building in Amsterdam so be please careful with the noise you make. You are on the top floor so you won't be bothered, but the neighbors might. Please think about this when you walk around with shoes (no high heels allowed on the hard wood floors), sit on the roof terrace or if you are listening to music. No parties or additional guests."
