"Welcome to my sweet and cosy, but trendy apartment in the most popular local area of Amsterdam, the Westside! My spot is located at  a quiet street on the border of the favorite Jordaan area, close to the cultural Westerpark and of walking distance from the heart of Amsterdam. Public transport, grocery stores, shops and trendy bars/restaurant nearby. Ask me for advise:)","My house is very light and spacious, with two balconies. One catches the sun in the morning and the one at the back till late in the evening. The living room is big, with a tremendous couch and table. Simple, but well equipped (stove, oven, microwave, BBQ, fridge, Nespresso, kettle and loads of cooking tools and service). Bathroom with shower,  separate toilet and small bedroom. Free wifi and cable TV.  Come and stay at my perfect spot to explore the city from a local perspective, lounge on my couch or have a BBQ at my balcony!  Perfect for two people, but extra people is possible. Couch fits two people. Towels and stuff for showering NOT included. The rest is!","Welcome to my sweet and cosy, but trendy apartment in the most popular local area of Amsterdam, the Westside! My spot is located at  a quiet street on the border of the favorite Jordaan area, close to the cultural Westerpark and of walking distance from the heart of Amsterdam. Public transport, grocery stores, shops and trendy bars/restaurant nearby. Ask me for advise:) My house is very light and spacious, with two balconies. One catches the sun in the morning and the one at the back till late in the evening. The living room is big, with a tremendous couch and table. Simple, but well equipped (stove, oven, microwave, BBQ, fridge, Nespresso, kettle and loads of cooking tools and service). Bathroom with shower,  separate toilet and small bedroom. Free wifi and cable TV.  Come and stay at my perfect spot to explore the city from a local perspective, lounge on my couch or have a BBQ at my balcony!  Perfect for two people, but extra people is possible. Couch fits two people. Towels and stuf",,,
