"Modern fully-equipped, 72m2 renovated apartment with balcony. Located at one of the nicest spots of the city next to Oosterpark / the pijp . Walking distance to the city center and big variety of nice restaurants, parks and museums.","This beautiful apartment of 72m2 is situated in one of the most upcoming neighborhoods of Amsterdam, next to oosterpark & the pijp! Big living room to watch television, sit and relaxt or chill on the balcony which is attached to the living room. Wifi available in all rooms of course! The Albert Cuyp markt, museums, vondelpark and canal cruises are a few minutes away. I have lots of tips for you for nice restaurants, bars, and other nice things to do to explore the nice city of Amsterdam.","Modern fully-equipped, 72m2 renovated apartment with balcony. Located at one of the nicest spots of the city next to Oosterpark / the pijp . Walking distance to the city center and big variety of nice restaurants, parks and museums. This beautiful apartment of 72m2 is situated in one of the most upcoming neighborhoods of Amsterdam, next to oosterpark & the pijp! Big living room to watch television, sit and relaxt or chill on the balcony which is attached to the living room. Wifi available in all rooms of course! The Albert Cuyp markt, museums, vondelpark and canal cruises are a few minutes away. I have lots of tips for you for nice restaurants, bars, and other nice things to do to explore the nice city of Amsterdam. A shared entrance. One room in the apartment is used for storage for personal stuff and will be locked. You will receive a nice bottle of wine to let you feel at home right away. We will not be present during your stay. There will be a contact person available in amsterdam ","50 meters from 'Oosterpark'. 100m from our favorite bar 'Bukowski' Nice coffee during the day, great beers and cocktails at night. Supermarket 'Albert Heijn' 400m. For the greatest steaks in Amsterdam (maybe in the whole of Holland, maybe in the whole world) you just walk down the street towards the 'Amstel' where you will find 'Loetje' after 400m.","City center is easy accessible via public transportation. Tram-line 3 stops right in front of the door. It brings you to the popular 'Pijp'-district in 5 minutes. Museumsquare and famous shopping street 'PC-hooftstraat' in 10 minutes.  Subway network is also close at 300m. The subway will bring you to the city-centre and central station in just 5 minutes. Parking is not included. Easy parking is possible at the parking garage of the hospital right across the street. (note: 4€ p/h from 7:00 till 24:00, 1€ p/h from 24:00 till 7:00)",- No Smoking - No Pets
