"Enjoy your stay in Amsterdam in this clean and comfortable apartment with amazing rooftop terrace and barbecue, situated only 5 minutes away from the center! ","This apartment (48 sq.m. / 515 sq.ft) is situated on the third floor and the living room with kitchen has an amazing high ceiling of 4 meters / 13 feet. There's one bedroom with a comfortable queen sized bed including clean bedding. A bathroom with shower, sink washing machine and dryer. Plus the use of towels. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge and freezer, microwave / oven, a 4 burner stove, pans and pots with table ware and cutlery all for use. The stairs lead to the private, fully furnished, south facing roof terrace (26 sq.m. / 280 sq.ft.) with barbecue. In summer you can enjoy the sun on this zen den till 9pm. The apartment has been recently renovated, so all amenities are super new but everything is still in complete traditional Amsterdam School style.  The building houses 5 apartments, but the use of this apartment is solely yours! You just share the main entrance with 3 others.","Enjoy your stay in Amsterdam in this clean and comfortable apartment with amazing rooftop terrace and barbecue, situated only 5 minutes away from the center! This apartment (48 sq.m. / 515 sq.ft) is situated on the third floor and the living room with kitchen has an amazing high ceiling of 4 meters / 13 feet. There's one bedroom with a comfortable queen sized bed including clean bedding. A bathroom with shower, sink washing machine and dryer. Plus the use of towels. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge and freezer, microwave / oven, a 4 burner stove, pans and pots with table ware and cutlery all for use. The stairs lead to the private, fully furnished, south facing roof terrace (26 sq.m. / 280 sq.ft.) with barbecue. In summer you can enjoy the sun on this zen den till 9pm. The apartment has been recently renovated, so all amenities are super new but everything is still in complete traditional Amsterdam School style.  The building houses 5 apartments, but the use of this apartment ","In one of the most popular areas of the city. On the largest and most lively squares of. The famous Vondelpark as well as Rembrandpark are right around the corner. Great for your morning run or a nice walk. Plenty restaurants and bars are within reach. The Overtoom is your gateway to the city center and full of shops, restaurants and bars. Various supermarkets are also located on walking distance. Authentic street market Ten Kate is close by. Leidseplein / Entertainment area is only a 15 minute walk away. (5 min by tram/bike/car) An ATM is only a few steps away.", Public transport right off your doorstep. Only a couple of stops to the center of city or the connecting train station to the airport. The airport is only 15 minutes away. Parking is fairly easy but bare in mind that parking in Amsterdam is very expensive!,"Please feel at home in this apartment, and treat it like it's your own."
