"- Modest, but neat and furnished with new interior  - 45m2 in (very) central located Amsterdam: in the 'Frederik Hendrikbuurt'  - Close to the main attractions Anne Frank Museum, Museum square (Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and Van Gogh Museum). ","Recently renovated and furnished with new interior: - Kitchen: Oven, gas furnace, fridge, washer, dishwasher. - Living room: comfortable couch, Flatscreen TV, DS sound-system, contemporary Interior, WIFI. - Bedroom: 1 double bed (mattress: 160cmx200), bureau, wardrobe.  - Bathroom (small, but very clean and new): Shower, toilet and a bathroom sink.","- Modest, but neat and furnished with new interior  - 45m2 in (very) central located Amsterdam: in the 'Frederik Hendrikbuurt'  - Close to the main attractions Anne Frank Museum, Museum square (Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum and Van Gogh Museum). Recently renovated and furnished with new interior: - Kitchen: Oven, gas furnace, fridge, washer, dishwasher. - Living room: comfortable couch, Flatscreen TV, DS sound-system, contemporary Interior, WIFI. - Bedroom: 1 double bed (mattress: 160cmx200), bureau, wardrobe.  - Bathroom (small, but very clean and new): Shower, toilet and a bathroom sink. Nice surroundings in the popular Frederik Hendrikbuurt, which is very central located. It’s perfectly connected by public transport (tram 13, 14, 10 and 3, bus 22) or by bike to different central locations (from 5 to 15 min). To Amsterdam Central Station it’s a 5-10 minutes bus or tram ride (stops are around the corner). Two big parks Vondelpark and Westerpark are nearby, for sports, festivals, marke","Nice surroundings in the popular Frederik Hendrikbuurt, which is very central located. It’s perfectly connected by public transport (tram 13, 14, 10 and 3, bus 22) or by bike to different central locations (from 5 to 15 min). To Amsterdam Central Station it’s a 5-10 minutes bus or tram ride (stops are around the corner). Two big parks Vondelpark and Westerpark are nearby, for sports, festivals, markets, barbecuing and restaurants. ",,"I would describe myself descent, neat and respectful to others. Hopefully my guest are too, so they will rent my apartment with care and respect: - No pets   - No smoking"
