,"Quiet bedroom and comfortable living room. Near Vondelprk, Museum district, Leidse Square. Public transport in front of the house. Great connexion to Schiphol Airport and Amsterdam Central Station. Nice place to relax after a long day in the city Lovely light apartment in the South of A'dam. Everything is renovated and new. 3 balconies, all day in the sun, a quiet and clean bedroom and comfortable living room. The bathroom has a washing machine, towels, toiletpaper and soap. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, Nespresso machine and pots and pans. Our home is near Schiphol Airport, Amsterdamse Bos, Vondelpark, Leidse square, Albert Cuyp market and Museumdistrict. The tram and bus stop in front of our house and will take you to the city centre in just 10-15 minutes. Mooi appartement te huur in het mooiste deel van Amsterdam. De woning in Amsterdam Zuid heeft een ruime en rustige slaapkamer, een grote en lichte woonkamer, een nette keuken en nieuwe badkamer met douche en ","Quiet bedroom and comfortable living room. Near Vondelprk, Museum district, Leidse Square. Public transport in front of the house. Great connexion to Schiphol Airport and Amsterdam Central Station. Nice place to relax after a long day in the city Lovely light apartment in the South of A'dam. Everything is renovated and new. 3 balconies, all day in the sun, a quiet and clean bedroom and comfortable living room. The bathroom has a washing machine, towels, toiletpaper and soap. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, Nespresso machine and pots and pans. Our home is near Schiphol Airport, Amsterdamse Bos, Vondelpark, Leidse square, Albert Cuyp market and Museumdistrict. The tram and bus stop in front of our house and will take you to the city centre in just 10-15 minutes. Mooi appartement te huur in het mooiste deel van Amsterdam. De woning in Amsterdam Zuid heeft een ruime en rustige slaapkamer, een grote en lichte woonkamer, een nette keuken en nieuwe badkamer met douche en ",,,Roken en huisdieren zijn niet toegestaan in dit appartement. Roken is alleen toegestaan op de balkons.
