,"Lovely new  1 bedroom apartment in Amsterdam city centre. Near the trendy Utrechtsestraat with all its fine restaurants and shops. The Rembrandtplein and Theatre Carré around the corner. Yet the apartment is very quiet and peaceful.  The apartment is fully furnished for rental and a fully equipped for a short stay in Amsterdam. Available for only a few nights, but also many months. Equipped with all comforts such as flat screen TV, DVD with inhouse movies, Playstation , Ipod dock, fully equipped kitchen (with wine serving cabinet and Nespresso machine), washing machine with dryer and iron. Lovely king size bed (180x220cm). Extra Airbed for two more visitors ( no extra charge) The bathroom is modern, Wellness Shower with up to five showerheads.  At the rear a spacious terrace (12m2) overlooking a large, quiet courtyard with typical Amsterdam view. Below the apartment is a bicycle rental and a well known Amsterdam restaurant . Public transport and a large taxi rank in just a 2 minute wal","Lovely new  1 bedroom apartment in Amsterdam city centre. Near the trendy Utrechtsestraat with all its fine restaurants and shops. The Rembrandtplein and Theatre Carré around the corner. Yet the apartment is very quiet and peaceful.  The apartment is fully furnished for rental and a fully equipped for a short stay in Amsterdam. Available for only a few nights, but also many months. Equipped with all comforts such as flat screen TV, DVD with inhouse movies, Playstation , Ipod dock, fully equipped kitchen (with wine serving cabinet and Nespresso machine), washing machine with dryer and iron. Lovely king size bed (180x220cm). Extra Airbed for two more visitors ( no extra charge) The bathroom is modern, Wellness Shower with up to five showerheads.  At the rear a spacious terrace (12m2) overlooking a large, quiet courtyard with typical Amsterdam view. Below the apartment is a bicycle rental and a well known Amsterdam restaurant . Public transport and a large taxi rank in just a 2 minute wal","One of the last genuine Dutch areas in Amsterdam City Centre. Not crowded by loud , drunk tourists, but close enough from the lively city centre. Here you will find all sorts of restaurants and shops that do nit belong to the big chains, but lots of small and specialist shops for food, clothing, interior etc. Shopaholics paradise!",Tram line 4 just around the corner 30 minutes from Schihol airport by public transportation with only one stop.,"No Smoking of any kind , only on the terrace .  If after your departure the apartment has a tabacco smell, an extra cleaning fee of 150EUR will be added to your bill.  No drugs allowed, also not on the balcony. Guests who use drugs of any kind in the apartment and /or on the terrace will have to leave immediately."
