This two bedroom apartment offers space for at least four people to have a great time in Amsterdam. ,"This is a spacious and modern apartment that easily fits four persons. It is clean, well-isolated and has some huge windows to let the sun in. ","This two bedroom apartment offers space for at least four people to have a great time in Amsterdam.  This is a spacious and modern apartment that easily fits four persons. It is clean, well-isolated and has some huge windows to let the sun in.  The whole apartment will be available for the guests, including the luxurious kitchen (oven, magnetron, refrigerator, dishwasher, espresso machine), high-speed wifi, HD-television with cable and Netflix, bluetooth sound system and a soothing balcony. You will have your own key and will not share any rooms with other guests.  During your stay in Amsterdam I won't be always in the city, though I'm always reachable via What's App, email and SMS, or you can call me. I will always do my best to personally welcome you to the apartment and give you some handy tips and tricks.  The Czaar Peterstraat (Tsar Peterstreet) has seen a thorough renovation of it's buildings, and now offers a relaxing atmosphere, with various classy deli's, a trendy coffee place","The Czaar Peterstraat (Tsar Peterstreet) has seen a thorough renovation of it's buildings, and now offers a relaxing atmosphere, with various classy deli's, a trendy coffee place and an excellent Thai restaurant just next to the apartment. Although located in the city center, and thereby close to all main attractions of the city, you're far away from all the noise and the rush. When looking for a drink, you're in walking distance of the most popular local brewery Brouwerij 't IJ (situated in a windmill) and the hip industrial citybeach/bar Roest. Multiple supermarkets are in a two-minute-walking distance.","Right in front of the apartment you'll find the tramstop of tram 10. This tramline covers the whole city centre and stops by every ten minutes. When arriving at Schiphol Airport, you can easily take a train to Amsterdam Central Station and take tram 26 to Rietlandpark to the apartment. Total travelling time will be no more than 30 minutes. ",No smoking inside. Pets should be discussed beforehand.
