"Lovely apartment in a typical Amsterdam building, located in an original Amsterdam neighborhood close to the city centre (only 10 minutes by public transport). Your own private place with everything you need available to make your stay unforgettable:-)","Completely new studio near the Javaplein in Amsterdam East, a sparkling neighboorhood with a big variety of restaurants , cafe's, museums, parks etc. The studio accomodates everything you need: a bed for two persons, a private bathroom and a private kitchen (including a fridge and cooker) so you have your own private place in the middle of Amsterdam. Towels and bedlinnen are included. The studio is next to trainstation 'Amsterdam Muiderpoort' (about 5 minutes walk) so very easy to reach with public transportation. Tram 14 is just around the corner and will take you to the centre in just 7 minutes.","Lovely apartment in a typical Amsterdam building, located in an original Amsterdam neighborhood close to the city centre (only 10 minutes by public transport). Your own private place with everything you need available to make your stay unforgettable:-) Completely new studio near the Javaplein in Amsterdam East, a sparkling neighboorhood with a big variety of restaurants , cafe's, museums, parks etc. The studio accomodates everything you need: a bed for two persons, a private bathroom and a private kitchen (including a fridge and cooker) so you have your own private place in the middle of Amsterdam. Towels and bedlinnen are included. The studio is next to trainstation 'Amsterdam Muiderpoort' (about 5 minutes walk) so very easy to reach with public transportation. Tram 14 is just around the corner and will take you to the centre in just 7 minutes. The apartment includes everything you might need during your stay: private bathroom, kitchen (and all equipment), towels, bed linen etc. In ca","This really is the  best neighborhood of Amsterdam! Traditional houses, safe, quiet, full of cool cafe's and restaurants and only 10 minutes away from the city centre!","From Amsterdam Schiphol airport (and also Amsterdam Central station) you can take the direct train to Amsterdam Muiderpoort. From there it is only 7 minutes walk to the apartment (really easy route, just check (Hidden by Airbnb) maps). Tram 14 is around the corner and will take you to the city centre in about 10 minutes.",•This is a non-smoking appartment so please don’t smoke inside. •Please be quiet on the stairs and don’t make noise in the appartment between 10 PM and 8 AM. •Please turn off al the lights (and heating) everytime you leave (the lights in the bathroom will turn off and on automatically). •Feel free to use the refrigerator and cooker but please make sure that the cooker is turned off when you are finished! •Lock both doors (the door of the studio and the door downstairs) when you leave. Maximum of two persons
