Lovely  apartment  on the vibrant Oud-West area.  Situated on the third floor is the perfect place to spend few days in Amsterdam.,"This apartment, renovated in 2011, has one bedroom,a bathroom and a living room wih kitchen and it is situated on the 3rd floor with typical Dutch stairs (steep stairs and no elevator!) There is free internet and international television in the (URL HIDDEN) course you can use kitchen, fridge, washing machine, iron and ironingboard, hair dryer.. The apartment is nearby the famous Vondelpark and cosy Jordaan district. From the apartment to the city centre (Dam-square) it's only 5 minutes with the tram Public transport. The neighbourhood is called Oud West and is situated in the western part of Amsterdam. It is a quiet, well-organized and nice neighbourhood. There is supermarket around the corner called Albert Heijn. But my personal favourite is the small supermarket where they sell super fresh fruit and vegetables (TenKate Market)! Also around the corner there are several nice bars and restaurants. When I'm in Amsterdam while you're staying I can guide you through the city and show you a","Lovely  apartment  on the vibrant Oud-West area.  Situated on the third floor is the perfect place to spend few days in Amsterdam. This apartment, renovated in 2011, has one bedroom,a bathroom and a living room wih kitchen and it is situated on the 3rd floor with typical Dutch stairs (steep stairs and no elevator!) There is free internet and international television in the (URL HIDDEN) course you can use kitchen, fridge, washing machine, iron and ironingboard, hair dryer.. The apartment is nearby the famous Vondelpark and cosy Jordaan district. From the apartment to the city centre (Dam-square) it's only 5 minutes with the tram Public transport. The neighbourhood is called Oud West and is situated in the western part of Amsterdam. It is a quiet, well-organized and nice neighbourhood. There is supermarket around the corner called Albert Heijn. But my personal favourite is the small supermarket where they sell super fresh fruit and vegetables (TenKate Market)! Also around the corner ther","Oud west is a vibrant and multicultural neighborhood with shops, restaurants, local markets and plenty of art galleries and vintage shops.","Tram 17 towards Canal Area, Anna Frank's house, Dam square and Central Station - and Tram 7 towards Vondelpark and Museumplein - stop right outside of the house. Bus 197 to Airport is a 5 minute walk from the house.","Since I live in a apartment building, please consider the neighbors after 23:00 and before 08:00 in the morning. Please leave the shoes outside."
