"This is a bright, newly renovated, lovely apartment in the Old West with many amenities. The tram is in front of the house, and the street(Bilderdijkstraat) is a wonderful mix of trendy shops, restaurants, and cafes as well as supermarkets, etc.","In 2013 we bought and completely renovated an apartment in what many regard as the most interesting neighborhood in Amsterdam. It's a one-bedroom (plus) in the Old West section of Amsterdam. It borders on the Jordaan, and is a 10 minute walk to the Dam and Centre. You can pretty much walk anywhere you're likely to want to go in 15-20 minutes. And it's a nice walk. There are two tram lines in front of the house, and another two tram lines a half block away. It's the most convenient way to travel to any destination in Amsterdam. The street is a wonderful mix of new cafes ,restaurants,unique shops as well as a supermarket, laundry, drug store, and other neighborhood stores., The Museumplein, and Vondelpark are a few tram stops away.or a 15 minute walk.  The tram from outside the house goes right to Centraal Station. It's just a great place to get a taste of the real Amsterdam, together with every amenity and convenience of a nice hotel.  The apt is 55 sq meters(600 ft). It has a spacious ","This is a bright, newly renovated, lovely apartment in the Old West with many amenities. The tram is in front of the house, and the street(Bilderdijkstraat) is a wonderful mix of trendy shops, restaurants, and cafes as well as supermarkets, etc. In 2013 we bought and completely renovated an apartment in what many regard as the most interesting neighborhood in Amsterdam. It's a one-bedroom (plus) in the Old West section of Amsterdam. It borders on the Jordaan, and is a 10 minute walk to the Dam and Centre. You can pretty much walk anywhere you're likely to want to go in 15-20 minutes. And it's a nice walk. There are two tram lines in front of the house, and another two tram lines a half block away. It's the most convenient way to travel to any destination in Amsterdam. The street is a wonderful mix of new cafes ,restaurants,unique shops as well as a supermarket, laundry, drug store, and other neighborhood stores., The Museumplein, and Vondelpark are a few tram stops away.or a 15 minute ","It is the ""Old West"" which has become very trendy, but still has the shops, and a nice mix of people that make it a real neighborhood.",,Be reasonable. There is a 300 euro security deposit when you (website hidden) will be returned the day you leave.
