Spacious and completely furnished family apartment! 100 m2 with large terrace in the center of Amsterdam. Because it has many windows and is ideally positioned the apartment is very light and sunny: as soon as the sun is out it seems like spring inside. Ideal for families.,"Completely furnished spacious urban apartment: 100 square meters 3 bedrooms: 1 with double bed, one with pull out sofa for two, and 1 with baby bed spacious living and dining room open kitchen with all new amenities bathroom with bath and shower separate toilet large terrace Staying at our place you will have company of our cat Mika. Neighborhood The apartment is located in the center of Amsterdam in a neighborhood with a lot of water. Many come to live here in relative quiet while still enjoying the advantages of being so close to the inner city. Children can take full advantage of Artis Zoo and Science center NEMO, while parents can escape for quiet moments in the botanical gardens Hortus Botanicus or on a bench along the River Amstel. Culture hounds are well-served at the Muziektheater and with the opening of the new and acclaimed Hermitage Amsterdam. Being very central, one has access to all the options of the Old Centre, in particular Nieuwmarkt. But more in the neighbourhood, sev","Completely furnished spacious urban apartment: 100 square meters 3 bedrooms: 1 with double bed, one with pull out sofa for two, and 1 with baby bed spacious living and dining room open kitchen with all new amenities bathroom with bath and shower separate toilet large terrace Staying at our place you will have company of our cat Mika. Neighborhood The apartment is located in the center of Amsterdam in a neighborhood with a lot of water. Many come to live here in relative quiet while still enjoying the advantages of being so close to the inner city. Children can take full advantage of Artis Zoo and Science center NEMO, while parents can escape for quiet moments in the botanical gardens Hortus Botanicus or on a bench along the River Amstel. Culture hounds are well-served at the Muziektheater and with the opening of the new and acclaimed Hermitage Amsterdam. Being very central, one has access to all the options of the Old Centre, in particular Nieuwmarkt. But more in the neighbourhood, sev","The apartment is located in the center of Amsterdam in a neighbourhood with a lot of water. We love it here!! The direct neighbourhood is relatively quiet, while there is so much to do in this part of town and you are also close to the hustle and bustle of the inner city. There are many nice cafes and restaurants at walking distance, for all tastes, traditional, trendy, basic, hipster. Culture hounds are well-served: close to the apartment you'll find the national opera and ballet, the Muziekgebouw aan t IJ, several art house cinemas and the Hermitage museum. For some quiet moments you can visit the botanical gardens Hortus Botanicus or just enjoy sitting on a bench along the River Amstel. The old city center is at walking distance, perfect for an evening stroll along or boat trip on the canals.  There are many fun things to do for children: Artis zoo and Science center NEMO are both at walking distance and there are play fountains, parks and playgrounds enough. When you come stay at o","PUBLIC TRANSPORT Trams 26 and 10, and busses 22 and 48 stop nearby.  CAR There is enough parking space in front of the apartment building, but at city center prices. We recommend to park here for a short time to drop off luggage and then park at P+R Zeeburg. If you enter that parking after 10am and travel from and to your car by tram to the center, you pay 1 euro a day. The special P+R rate is valid for a maximum of four consecutive days (96 hours). After 96 hours you will have to pay the normal hourly parking rate (or take your car out for a day trip and put it back in). From the P+R you can take the tram 26 to Kattenburg. Then it's a five minute walk. Info on P+R: (Website hidden by Airbnb)",We expect our guests to be clean and respectful in our home. It is a family home so not suitable for party trips. No smoking in the apartment. There is a large easily accessible terrace where you can smoke (partly sheltered for when it rains). Please be kind to our neighbours and mind your volume when out on the terrace at night.
