"Cosy apartment wih a fully equipped kitchen, living room, sleeping room with a double bed, in a quiet street on the other side of IJ, opposite to the Central station, just in 15 minutes from main touristic attractions (Dam square, Royal palace, Eye) ","- Nice apartment (35m2) with a nice garden  - incl. tv, free Wifi, living room, shower, fully equipped kitchen - 6 minutes walk to the free ferry (24/7, daytime every 5 min, night every 10 minutes). Only one minute to arrive at the center of Amsterdam (Central Station)  - All public transport available from Central Station: bus, tram, subway or train. Only a few stops to all major museums.  - walking distance of the center and practically all nice neighboorhoods and the famous canals  - Free Parking in front of the property  ","- Nice apartment (35m2) with a nice garden  - incl. tv, free Wifi, living room, shower, fully equipped kitchen - 6 minutes walk to the free ferry (24/7, daytime every 5 min, night every 10 minutes). Only one minute to arrive at the center of Amsterdam (Central Station)  - All public transport available from Central Station: bus, tram, subway or train. Only a few stops to all major museums.  - walking distance of the center and practically all nice neighboorhoods and the famous canals  - Free Parking in front of the property  By train: get off at Amsterdam Central Station, take the free ferry at the back (every 5 minutes and 24/7) and after six minutes walk you'll arrive at the home.  By plane: Take the train to Amsterdam Central Station and same as above  By car: set your GPS. Upon arrival you can park your car (for free - 2,5 long) in front. At just a few minutes walking distance, the free ferry (24/7) takes you in less than two minutes in the center of Amsterdam! Walk straight to the","At just a few minutes walking distance, the free ferry (24/7) takes you in less than two minutes in the center of Amsterdam! Walk straight to the Jordan with cozy cafes, restaurants, shops and special markets, the Nieuwmarkt or stroll along the famous Amsterdam canals. Or take the tram that takes you within five stops to all major museums like Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum Rijksmuseum, Anne Frank house, Hermitage etc. But directly at the our garden home there are also plenty of things to do: from the 19th century lock you can walk to the architecturally striking Eye Film Institute (four cinema's, restaurant and bar, the Tolhuispark with music programming during Summer, some bars and very nice restaurants and soon a hotel with revolving restaurant transformed at the former Shell Tower.","By train: get off at Amsterdam Central Station, take the free ferry at the back (every 5 minutes and 24/7) and after six minutes walk you'll arrive at the home.  By plane: Take the train to Amsterdam Central Station and same as above  By car: set your GPS. Upon arrival you can park your car (for free - 2,5 long) in front.",
