,"Beautiful, light and renovated apartment in Oud West with nice view over the water of the Da Costakade. Better photos will follow asap!! You are nearby the Jordaan, the Anne Frank museum, the canals and famous 9 streets. In the neighbourhood you’ll find al lot of nice shops, restaurants and bars (I’ve you like I can give you some tips).  The apartment has been renovated for 1,5 years ago and has a light living room with a nice sitting corner including flatscreen TV, there is a French balcony with folding doors (you can sit here during the day) and a modern kitchen with all the equipment you need (fridge, oven, dishwasher, Quooker). There is also a Nespresso device you can use.  In the bedroom is a large bed for two persons, with good quality mattresses (M-line). The folding doors in the bedroom lead you to the larger balcony at the backside. In the morning you can enjoy your cup of coffee here.  From the bedroom you have access to the luxury bathroom, with a double sink, walk-in-shower","Beautiful, light and renovated apartment in Oud West with nice view over the water of the Da Costakade. Better photos will follow asap!! You are nearby the Jordaan, the Anne Frank museum, the canals and famous 9 streets. In the neighbourhood you’ll find al lot of nice shops, restaurants and bars (I’ve you like I can give you some tips).  The apartment has been renovated for 1,5 years ago and has a light living room with a nice sitting corner including flatscreen TV, there is a French balcony with folding doors (you can sit here during the day) and a modern kitchen with all the equipment you need (fridge, oven, dishwasher, Quooker). There is also a Nespresso device you can use.  In the bedroom is a large bed for two persons, with good quality mattresses (M-line). The folding doors in the bedroom lead you to the larger balcony at the backside. In the morning you can enjoy your cup of coffee here.  From the bedroom you have access to the luxury bathroom, with a double sink, walk-in-shower",,,My apartment is NON-smoking. So please do not smoke in the apartment.  Further I would like to ask you to respect the neighbours (for making to much noise etc) and respect our house and the furniture. Treat it like you would treat your own ;). I would appreciate it that you close the (apartment) door dubble with the key and shut down the lights and close the windows everytime you leave. Thanking you in advance!
