"Nice and clean apartment in Amsterdam Oud-West! It has a living room, one bedroom, a balcony, kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a double bed and you can use the couch in the living room as a single bed. It's about 60 square meters.","Nice apartment in Amsterdam Oud-West! The apartment is on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam building from 1900. It has a living room, one bedroom, a balcony, kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a double bed and you can use the couch in the living room as a single bed. It's about 60 square meters. I usually live here, so expect a real apartment, not a hotel. It's clean, tidy and fully equipped with everything you need: sheets, towels, television, wifi etc. In the kitchen you'll find many cooking supplies, a water boiler, coffee maker and (microwave) oven. Plus there's a collection of dvd's, cd's and books if you're getting bored. I'll leave an Amsterdam Lonely Planet and maps.","Nice and clean apartment in Amsterdam Oud-West! It has a living room, one bedroom, a balcony, kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a double bed and you can use the couch in the living room as a single bed. It's about 60 square meters. Nice apartment in Amsterdam Oud-West! The apartment is on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam building from 1900. It has a living room, one bedroom, a balcony, kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a double bed and you can use the couch in the living room as a single bed. It's about 60 square meters. I usually live here, so expect a real apartment, not a hotel. It's clean, tidy and fully equipped with everything you need: sheets, towels, television, wifi etc. In the kitchen you'll find many cooking supplies, a water boiler, coffee maker and (microwave) oven. Plus there's a collection of dvd's, cd's and books if you're getting bored. I'll leave an Amsterdam Lonely Planet and maps. You have access to everything in the apartment. If you have any questio","Oud-West is a neighborhood near the city centre with a lot of restaurants, shops, bars etc. It's in a street with a local, daily market were you can buy fresh food and it's very lively. Around the corner you'll find De Hallen, a popular, cool place with restaurants, a movie theatre and more. This part of town is known for it's great mix of people and stuff to do. It's not 'too touristy' and you can get a taste of the real Amsterdam, yet all the famous attractions are nearby!","Popular places like Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Museumplein and De Jordaan are within walking distance. Public transport is really good; many trams and (night) busses stop around the corner so you can go everywhere pretty easily, also to a train station. But of course the easiest way for getting around in Amsterdam is by bike! You'll be at for instance the Anne Frank House or Rijksmuseum within a couple of minutes.",- Please respect the neighbors by not making too much noise (especially between 11pm and 8am). - Please respect my home by leaving it behind the way I left it.  - Please lock the apartment door when you go outside. - Please close all windows when you go outside. Thanks. :)
