"Our 2 floor 120 m2 family house with sunny garden is perfect for a family (with kids). Only 2 mins walk to Vondelpark, 12 mins of museums like Van Gogh and Rijks. Shops, pubs and restaurants around the corner. 20 mins from Airport   ","Nice modern house with a lot of daylight and sunny garden on south. A good home away from home when your in A'dam. On the ground floor the open kitchen with espressomachine and all needed facilities, a diningtable and a sitting room on the street side and of course entrance with toilet and wardrobe. On the first floor a main bedroom with doublebed, bedroom 2 with bunkbed 1.80 mtr and sofabed, bedroom 3 with a single bed 1.80 mtr.  All bedrooms have a van and 2 & 3 darking curtains.","Our 2 floor 120 m2 family house with sunny garden is perfect for a family (with kids). Only 2 mins walk to Vondelpark, 12 mins of museums like Van Gogh and Rijks. Shops, pubs and restaurants around the corner. 20 mins from Airport    Nice modern house with a lot of daylight and sunny garden on south. A good home away from home when your in A'dam. On the ground floor the open kitchen with espressomachine and all needed facilities, a diningtable and a sitting room on the street side and of course entrance with toilet and wardrobe. On the first floor a main bedroom with doublebed, bedroom 2 with bunkbed 1.80 mtr and sofabed, bedroom 3 with a single bed 1.80 mtr.  All bedrooms have a van and 2 & 3 darking curtains. WiFi, 3 adult bikes and 3 bikes for kids, 2 highchairs and lots of toys. We can give all the needed information and otherwise are our neighbours happy to do so. There will be complete description of the neighbourhood, facility's, bars and shops around the house. Our Neighbourhoo","Our Neighbourhood 'Old West' is like a village in town, with on walking distance the Vondelparc, the daily freshmarket Ten Cate, Food Halls,  shops and also the main musea like Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and Stedelijk take only a 20 minute walk or 5 minutes by bike. Nice places to go are Westergasfabriek ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) but also to take the free pont on the back of the Central Station and cross the water to NDSM ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) where you can have a drink on the waterside bij Plekk ( (Website hidden by Airbnb) or at the terrace of the Filmmuseum Eye.","The tram is only a 3 minute walk and brings you within 10 minutes to the centre or to the trainstation Lelylaan, from which your in 10 minutes at Schiphol Airport.",Feel at home and behave like you're at home. No pets allowed and smoking only in the garden.
