"Our lovely apartment is just a 2 minutes walk from Waterlooplein, 5 minutes to Rembrandtplein and 5 minutes to central station. Lots of shops, bars, restaurants within 500 meters. Perfect place if you want to discover Amsterdam on foot or bike! If preferred happy to share our local tips!","About the apartment: Spacious appartment for 2-4 people.  Fully equipped kitchen: cooking facilities, coffee machine, water boiler, fridge, pots, pans, cutlery etc. Including an airconditioning.  Bedroom: 160 x 200 cm double bed, lots of space for suitcases in the entreehall. Bathroom: shower, toilet, washbasin Living room: two big couches, wooden dinner table with 4 chairs. The apartment is located 2 minutes walk from Waterlooplein, 5 minutes walk from Rembrandtplein, 5 minutes walk from central station, 5 minutes walk from Nieuwmarkt. Lots of shops, bars and restaurants within 500 meters.Perfect place if you want to discover Amsterdam on foot or bike Own set of keys to the house with apartment My (friendly) neighbours will provide you with the key and will be able to point you in the right direction for interesting places or cool stuff to do.  Nice apartment in city center of Amsterdam. The apartment is located at the top floor, in a small street in the city center.  Central Station ","Our lovely apartment is just a 2 minutes walk from Waterlooplein, 5 minutes to Rembrandtplein and 5 minutes to central station. Lots of shops, bars, restaurants within 500 meters. Perfect place if you want to discover Amsterdam on foot or bike! If preferred happy to share our local tips! About the apartment: Spacious appartment for 2-4 people.  Fully equipped kitchen: cooking facilities, coffee machine, water boiler, fridge, pots, pans, cutlery etc. Including an airconditioning.  Bedroom: 160 x 200 cm double bed, lots of space for suitcases in the entreehall. Bathroom: shower, toilet, washbasin Living room: two big couches, wooden dinner table with 4 chairs. The apartment is located 2 minutes walk from Waterlooplein, 5 minutes walk from Rembrandtplein, 5 minutes walk from central station, 5 minutes walk from Nieuwmarkt. Lots of shops, bars and restaurants within 500 meters.Perfect place if you want to discover Amsterdam on foot or bike Own set of keys to the house with apartment My (fr","Nice apartment in city center of Amsterdam. The apartment is located at the top floor, in a small street in the city center.","Central Station Amsterdam is a 10 minute walk, with the bus is takes 5. Or metro Waterlooplein which is also a 5 minutes walk.","No 'extreme' parties after 22:00. Don't be tempted to relax on the balcony! It's slippery especially when it has rained. For relaxation I can recommend the local garden at a one minute walk, with some of the best views in Amsterdam."
