"A tidy and nice house in a friendly, trendy area near center of Amsterdam. Its very close to public transportation and easy to reach with a bike. You can find shops, markets, cofeeshops, bars, museums and cozy parks. A warm welcome to Amsterdam!","Looking for an appartment close to the centre of Amsterdam? I have one with a nice livingroom, a long open kitchen, a large bedroom, a separate toilet, a bathroom and a long double balcony. The total size is 50m2, suitable for 2-4 people. Surrounding area is full of wonderful shops, markets, bakeries, meat/fish stores. There is also the nice and busy Dappermarkt in just a walking distance. Also my favorite windmill brewery, Brouwerij 't IJ is very close. And on top of that, there are beautiful parks, like Flevopark, Oosterpark and Frankendael Park.  I have a big tv, free wireless Internet, complete kitchen, including large fridge/freezer and washing machine. Apartment has a central heatting. Freshly painted walls, double glass windows, thick curtains and a real wooden floor gives it all a warm feeling. Every room has decorative spotlights. The whole apartment has reacently been renovated, including the bathroom and toilet, which is renewed just month ago.","A tidy and nice house in a friendly, trendy area near center of Amsterdam. Its very close to public transportation and easy to reach with a bike. You can find shops, markets, cofeeshops, bars, museums and cozy parks. A warm welcome to Amsterdam! Looking for an appartment close to the centre of Amsterdam? I have one with a nice livingroom, a long open kitchen, a large bedroom, a separate toilet, a bathroom and a long double balcony. The total size is 50m2, suitable for 2-4 people. Surrounding area is full of wonderful shops, markets, bakeries, meat/fish stores. There is also the nice and busy Dappermarkt in just a walking distance. Also my favorite windmill brewery, Brouwerij 't IJ is very close. And on top of that, there are beautiful parks, like Flevopark, Oosterpark and Frankendael Park.  I have a big tv, free wireless Internet, complete kitchen, including large fridge/freezer and washing machine. Apartment has a central heatting. Freshly painted walls, double glass windows, thick cu","My home is located in center of Indiesche buurt, which is young and vibrant area with number of restaurants, bars, shops, market and parks.","There are several ways of transportation nearby:  Trams 3, 7, 14  Lots of Busses, sorry if Aribnb doesn't show the list: 22 central station; 37; 40; 41.... Train; Amsterdam Muiderpoort trainstation ( in a walking distance and one stop from Amsterdam Central ) Bike rentals","No smoking inside No shoes inside Not too much noise during late hours. Lock the door always when you leave When leaving, please the apartment in tidy condition: Wash the dishes, put trash in the bin, etc...... Please feel at home and use it respectfully, as if it were your own."
