"Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center","Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center for very cheap prices. PLS PAY ATTENTION TO THE FOLLOWING INFO: 1) I rent only one room and not the entire apartment, I need to live in the same apartment by law 2) The bathroom is shared.  3) There is no use of kitchen 4) For hygienical reasons and to give the chance to the guests to have more meals beside the breakfast,  I supply only disposable cutlery and disposable tablewear The room is also provided with mini fridge, microwaves and water boiler. High speed WiFi connection available included in the price.  There is a parking area downstairs and the price is 14 euros per day. Night and sunday it is free. The accommodation is located in the Amsterdam Nieuw-West, which is a relatively newer neighbourhood in the West of Amsterdam, built in the 20th century. Nowadays, the neighbourhood is particularly inhabited by young families with children.   In the area there a","Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center Private room offered for B&B in a elegant furnished, clean and tidy apartment in a nice and quiet area close to the center for very cheap prices. PLS PAY ATTENTION TO THE FOLLOWING INFO: 1) I rent only one room and not the entire apartment, I need to live in the same apartment by law 2) The bathroom is shared.  3) There is no use of kitchen 4) For hygienical reasons and to give the chance to the guests to have more meals beside the breakfast,  I supply only disposable cutlery and disposable tablewear The room is also provided with mini fridge, microwaves and water boiler. High speed WiFi connection available included in the price.  There is a parking area downstairs and the price is 14 euros per day. Night and sunday it is free. The accommodation is located in the Amsterdam Nieuw-West, which is a relatively newer neighbourhood in the West of Amsterdam, built in the",,,All the other facilities that you see in the images are included  and they are private
