"Lovely apartment in one of Amsterdams nicest neighbourhoods, Rivierenbuurt. Ideal for a stay during the IBC.  Completely renovated in 2012, with authentic feeling in a modern house.","Lovely apartment in one of Amsterdams nicest neighbourhoods, Rivierenbuurt.  Completely renovated in 2012, with authentic feeling in a modern house.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a Smeg oven, combi-micro/oven, dishwasher fridge, freezer, Nespresso Coffee machine and a Nespresso Milk heater/foamer. The living and kitchen areas are combined in a spacious and very light room with a huge (also new) lounge sofa. With 2 large doors you can, if wanted, seperate the kitchen from the living room.  From the kitchen you reach the balcony. In the evening the sun will shine at the balcony, where you can relax and enjoy the inner garden.  The bathroom has a walk in shower with a nice rainshower.  The apartment as well as the area gives a very good vibe and will help you enjoy Amsterdam to the fullest! We provide clean linen and towels.  If you would need to wash during your stay there is a Clothes repair/Laundry place just 150 meters from the appartment.","Lovely apartment in one of Amsterdams nicest neighbourhoods, Rivierenbuurt. Ideal for a stay during the IBC.  Completely renovated in 2012, with authentic feeling in a modern house. Lovely apartment in one of Amsterdams nicest neighbourhoods, Rivierenbuurt.  Completely renovated in 2012, with authentic feeling in a modern house.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a Smeg oven, combi-micro/oven, dishwasher fridge, freezer, Nespresso Coffee machine and a Nespresso Milk heater/foamer. The living and kitchen areas are combined in a spacious and very light room with a huge (also new) lounge sofa. With 2 large doors you can, if wanted, seperate the kitchen from the living room.  From the kitchen you reach the balcony. In the evening the sun will shine at the balcony, where you can relax and enjoy the inner garden.  The bathroom has a walk in shower with a nice rainshower.  The apartment as well as the area gives a very good vibe and will help you enjoy Amsterdam to the fullest! We provide cl","Walking distance to the RAI conference centre. Several grocery shops, nice boutiques, bars and restaurants just around the corner. The famous Albert Cuyp Market is just a 10 minutes walk away.   You are about 15 minutes away from Amstel Station. Several stops for public transport (Tram and Bus) just around the corner of the Maasstraat.",From Central Station you can take tram 4.,"We would like you to treat our house as if it was yours.   No smoking in house, the balkony is available for this."
