"A nice cozy small room with a big bed for one person. Women only!  You can use the nice bathroom, and a separate dedicated toilet. The room is light and peaceful. Also there’s wireless internet (wifi) available free of charge, and in the morning a nice breakfast.","We offer a nice small cozy room with a big bed for one person. And you can use the nice bathroom, and a separate toilet. The room is light and peaceful. Also there’s wireless internet (wifi) available free of charge, and we offer a nice breakfast. The house is in a very green area, very central and is ideal for an uncomplicated stay in Amsterdam. You can make use of the kitchen, the fridge and the table for breakfast. Have a look at the pictures to get an impression.  The house is in a lively neighbourhood, very near Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark, 5 minutes on foot to the Overtoom with cafes and restaurants in abundance. Public transport: trams 1, 17 and bus 15 stop within 200 meters of the appartment, 15 minutes to Damsquare (!). Public transport to Schiphol Airport takes about 20 minutes. I will be present when you arrive. If there is anything you need during your stay, just ask. We live separate as a busy adult couple, so we share the kitchen and the bathroom with our guests.","A nice cozy small room with a big bed for one person. Women only!  You can use the nice bathroom, and a separate dedicated toilet. The room is light and peaceful. Also there’s wireless internet (wifi) available free of charge, and in the morning a nice breakfast. We offer a nice small cozy room with a big bed for one person. And you can use the nice bathroom, and a separate toilet. The room is light and peaceful. Also there’s wireless internet (wifi) available free of charge, and we offer a nice breakfast. The house is in a very green area, very central and is ideal for an uncomplicated stay in Amsterdam. You can make use of the kitchen, the fridge and the table for breakfast. Have a look at the pictures to get an impression.  The house is in a lively neighbourhood, very near Rembrandtpark and Vondelpark, 5 minutes on foot to the Overtoom with cafes and restaurants in abundance. Public transport: trams 1, 17 and bus 15 stop within 200 meters of the appartment, 15 minutes to Damsquare (","Our place is just 9 min. by public transport to the lovely Jordaan district with for example the Anne Frank house. Also the entertainmentarea Leidseplein with pubs, clubs, theatre and restaurants is very close. Our house is also within walking distance of the Rembrandtpark and the big city parc the Vondelpark. Our house is situated in between two big shoppingstreets, the Overtoom en the Kinkerstraat, and that makes everything you need within walking distance; a big supermarket, snackbars, clothing stores, drugsstores, cosy cafes ans lunchrooms, bakerys and the lively Ten Katemarket (5 min. by bike), and so on. There is a bike rental a few minutes walking distance from our house. If you want to we can already rent the bikes for you and make sure they're already at the house when you arrive. A bike is aroud €10 a day.","Our place is just a few minutes from tram, bus and metro stations.","No special rules, just behave in a sensible way and have fun. We serve a nice breakfast till 10 am. Checkout time is 12 but you can bring or leave your luggage at your convenience."
