,"Peacefull, quiet,nice and well designed , 55 square meters apartment in the East of Amsterdam.  Only 10 minutes distance from the City centre.  Public transport, tram and bus at the end of the street! Good puclic transport connections to central station and Amsterdam Airport! Supermarket at the end of the street and restaurants and shops very nearby! Fully equiped kitchen and a nice sunny balcony! Washing machine and dryer available. 1 bedroom with a nice comfortable bed Quiet en friendly neighbourhood which is very upcoming. Museums and many cultural activities, all at the beautifull city of Amsterdam! Check-in and Check out times in consultation! Love to welcome you in my apartment! Cheers Rene","Peacefull, quiet,nice and well designed , 55 square meters apartment in the East of Amsterdam.  Only 10 minutes distance from the City centre.  Public transport, tram and bus at the end of the street! Good puclic transport connections to central station and Amsterdam Airport! Supermarket at the end of the street and restaurants and shops very nearby! Fully equiped kitchen and a nice sunny balcony! Washing machine and dryer available. 1 bedroom with a nice comfortable bed Quiet en friendly neighbourhood which is very upcoming. Museums and many cultural activities, all at the beautifull city of Amsterdam! Check-in and Check out times in consultation! Love to welcome you in my apartment! Cheers Rene Im always reachable by phone for any questions! Neighbourhood is great! Very Upcoming, lots of shops, nice restaurants, markets and only 10 minutes from citycenter!","Neighbourhood is great! Very Upcoming, lots of shops, nice restaurants, markets and only 10 minutes from citycenter!",,"No smoking in the apartment,smoking is possible at the balcony! Its a peacefull end quiet apartmentcomplex so mind the neighbours downstairs! When you leave the apartment, take good care of it and leave it clean and sober. Towels in the laundry-baskett, dont leave dirty dishes, leave it like you found it.. Cheers!"
