"This one bedroom apartment has a private garden and is located in the 'Indische buurt', Amsterdam Oost (the East of Amsterdam). Lovely neighborhood, lively, but quiet at night. In about 10 minutes by bike or tram you are in the city center!","The apartment consists of a living room with an open kitchen, one bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom (shower and toilet), and a walk-in closet. There is also a small laundry room, which basically only has a washing machine and some shells with towels.  It is possible to turn the couch in the living room into a double bed, that way the apartment can accommodate 4 people, but keep in mind it is meant for 2 people, so living there with 4 might be tight.  I also want to mention that the living room does not have dark curtains and is located at the street side (no cars, only pedestrian and a tram line during the day). Generally it is not noisy though, but if people want to check in with more than 2 people, keep this in mind for those who will sleep in the living room :)","This one bedroom apartment has a private garden and is located in the 'Indische buurt', Amsterdam Oost (the East of Amsterdam). Lovely neighborhood, lively, but quiet at night. In about 10 minutes by bike or tram you are in the city center! The apartment consists of a living room with an open kitchen, one bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom (shower and toilet), and a walk-in closet. There is also a small laundry room, which basically only has a washing machine and some shells with towels.  It is possible to turn the couch in the living room into a double bed, that way the apartment can accommodate 4 people, but keep in mind it is meant for 2 people, so living there with 4 might be tight.  I also want to mention that the living room does not have dark curtains and is located at the street side (no cars, only pedestrian and a tram line during the day). Generally it is not noisy though, but if people want to check in with more than 2 people, keep this in mind for those who will sleep in","The area, the Indische buurt, is a lovely vivid area, but nice and quiet at night. It's located close to the center, it's just about 10 minutes by tram or bike. In the neighborhood you can find several nice cafes, restaurants and parks. There is also a small cinema right across the street and you can find a known market on walking distance, called the Dappermarkt. A famous beer brewery, Browerij 't IJ, is not too far away either! By bike or tram it's just a matter of minutes (2 stops) and i guess it's about a ten minute walk. Especially in summer their terrace is crowded and a lot of fun! A little bit further away is the zoo, Artis. If you take the tram 14 to the city center you will pass by Artis.","Public transport is right in front of the door! Tram line 14 will take you to the city center in just about 10 minutes. Do keep in mind that tram 14 does not take you to Central Station! Central Station you can easily reach by bus 22 (also very close to the apartment) or by train, from Amsterdam Muiderpoort, which is a ten minute walk from the apartment. Several other public transport lines are available in the area too, depending on where you want to go. From Schiphol airport you can take either a taxi, a shuttle or a train (which will take about 30-40 minutes). I can give you more detailed information after your reservation is made.","The apartment is non-smoking. Outside in the garden you are allowed to smoke. It is also not allowed to bring pets into the apartment. No parties allowed and my neighbors will appreciate it if you do not make much noise after 22.30hs or before 7.00hs. Please also respect the maximum amount of guests, which is 4."
