Welcome to our cozy apartment in the heart of Amsterdam.  The apartment is suitable for one or for a couple sharing.,"The 65m2 apartment is located on the top floor, which is on the 3rd level, and accessible by stairs only.  It has a cosy living room, a modern kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a comfy double bed (1,80x2,00). There's a balcony at the back.","Welcome to our cozy apartment in the heart of Amsterdam.  The apartment is suitable for one or for a couple sharing. The 65m2 apartment is located on the top floor, which is on the 3rd level, and accessible by stairs only.  It has a cosy living room, a modern kitchen and bathroom. The bedroom has a comfy double bed (1,80x2,00). There's a balcony at the back. Feel free to use all rooms and kitchen and bathroom equipment.  There's wifi available, and a tv in the living room. With many attractions around the corner there's probably little time for that, though. Normally we live here ourselves, but we rent it out sometimes when we are out of town. Hence, we won't be there :) Of course we arrange a friend to check you in and out. The apartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam. Nieuwmarkt and Waterloo square are just around the corner. You will find many nice shops, pubs and restaurants in the area. As well as beautiful canals of course. There are many museums as well, for instance Rembr","The apartment is located in the heart of Amsterdam. Nieuwmarkt and Waterloo square are just around the corner. You will find many nice shops, pubs and restaurants in the area. As well as beautiful canals of course. There are many museums as well, for instance Rembrandthouse or Hermitage are each within 5 minutes walking distance. Dam Square and Artis Zoo are a bit further away, still within 10 minutes walk.","Central Station is a 10 minutes walk. The nearest metro is at Nieuwmarkt, few minutes away. Tram 9 and 14 call at Waterlooplein. Buses to e.g. the towns of Volendam and Marken depart from bus stop Prins Hendrikkade, 5 minutes away. However the best way to get around is on foot, boat or bike. Car parking is at street level and costs 5 euro per hour.",Please refrain from smoking and respect the tranquillity of the neighbourhood.
