Nice appartment situated very close  the the local Dappermarkt in the cosy Dapperbuurt. Located 10 minutes away  by bike/ public transport from the city center of Amsterdam. The appartement is around 50 m2 with a big cosy garden.,Nice cosy appartment with beautifull roof terrace garden.  The appartment is 50 m2 and nicely located close to the city center. However the Dapperbuurt itself might be more authentic Amsterdam with the Dappermarket and many local pubs and restaurants!,"Nice appartment situated very close  the the local Dappermarkt in the cosy Dapperbuurt. Located 10 minutes away  by bike/ public transport from the city center of Amsterdam. The appartement is around 50 m2 with a big cosy garden. Nice cosy appartment with beautifull roof terrace garden.  The appartment is 50 m2 and nicely located close to the city center. However the Dapperbuurt itself might be more authentic Amsterdam with the Dappermarket and many local pubs and restaurants! The roof terrace garden is shared with other house owners but everyone has placed his/her own gardentables and chairs before their own appartement. You rent the whole appartment so there's also privacy:). I am working most of the time. But I can introduce/guide/advice you in the city when requested. Go the the zoo Artis, have a walk on the local Dappermarket and Oosterpark or dine at one of the many little restaurants.  Also go into the Javastraat with its multicultural atmosphere and shops/restaurants. They have","Go the the zoo Artis, have a walk on the local Dappermarket and Oosterpark or dine at one of the many little restaurants.  Also go into the Javastraat with its multicultural atmosphere and shops/restaurants. They have tasty food for a normal good price espessially when compared with the city center!",Just go from the airport by train to the Muiderpoort station. Than its a 5 min walk to the appartment. The city center is easily accessible by tram 9 and by train. But the best way is to cycle. It takes 10 min by bike to go to the city center.,I prefer that you smoke outside at the roof terrace garden.
