"Clean and light apartment with everything you need (comfortable bed, washing machine, wifi etc.) within a 2 min. walk of Vondelpark. My street is very quiet, but bars and shops are right around the corner and you're close to museums and leidsesquare",It's a perfect and spacious apartment for a couple.  The bed is 1.60 m wide. I will make sure that it's made for you. And that there is enough space in the closet for your clothes. And I will provide clean towels. There's a little balcony in the back.  What's more to tell? Please check out my pictures! ,"Clean and light apartment with everything you need (comfortable bed, washing machine, wifi etc.) within a 2 min. walk of Vondelpark. My street is very quiet, but bars and shops are right around the corner and you're close to museums and leidsesquare It's a perfect and spacious apartment for a couple.  The bed is 1.60 m wide. I will make sure that it's made for you. And that there is enough space in the closet for your clothes. And I will provide clean towels. There's a little balcony in the back.  What's more to tell? Please check out my pictures! There's a kitchen with most things you will need. 4 Pit stove (gas), dishwasher, a microwave/oven combo, small electrical grill, pans, cutlery, plates etc.  There's a tv and a nintendo Wii with some games.  There's Wifi of course. There's a washing machine and a dryer you can use. Depending on your arrival date I will hand you the keys and show you around. This area is right next to the Vondelpark.  It's a 20 minute walk to the museum area an",This area is right next to the Vondelpark.  It's a 20 minute walk to the museum area and 15 minutes to Leidsesquare.  Many nice bars and restaurants right around the corner.  ,Easy access to and from the trainstation. (tram 1 takes you there) One tram and one train take you to schiphol airport in less than 30 minutes! ,"You can smoke inside, but please open a window if you do. Please smoke extra special cigarettes on the balcony ;) No parties please, no loud music after 11. Be nice to my neigbours if you run into them on the stairs :)"
