"This appartment with one rooms available  located with view on the Amstel. 15 min from the center of Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein and Stations. You can use light kitchen and bathroom. Hip cafes and restaurants nearby.","1 rooms for max. 2 persons.  Nearby the exhibition area the RAI (10 min) and Amstelstation 5 min walk You can use the kitchen and the bathroom the area is in the south of Amsterdam, There are hip bar/restaurant in the neighbourhood. Public transport bus, tram and metro 1 minute walk You can park in front of the apartment. The daily costs are € 27,-. You can also park the car in Abcoude for free at train station and than it takes about 15 min by train to Amstelstation. The apartment is about 5 min from Amstel Station You can use the living room, kitchen and the bathroom the area is in the south of Amsterdam, There are hip bar/restaurant in the neighbourhood. Public transport bus, tram and metro 1 minute walk You can park in front of the apartment. The daily costs are € 27,-. You can also park the car in Abcoude for free at train station and than it takes about 15 min by train to Amstelstation. The apartment is about 5 min from Amstel Station You can use the kitchen and the bathroom the ","This appartment with one rooms available  located with view on the Amstel. 15 min from the center of Leidseplein, Rembrandtplein and Stations. You can use light kitchen and bathroom. Hip cafes and restaurants nearby. 1 rooms for max. 2 persons.  Nearby the exhibition area the RAI (10 min) and Amstelstation 5 min walk You can use the kitchen and the bathroom the area is in the south of Amsterdam, There are hip bar/restaurant in the neighbourhood. Public transport bus, tram and metro 1 minute walk You can park in front of the apartment. The daily costs are € 27,-. You can also park the car in Abcoude for free at train station and than it takes about 15 min by train to Amstelstation. The apartment is about 5 min from Amstel Station You can use the living room, kitchen and the bathroom the area is in the south of Amsterdam, There are hip bar/restaurant in the neighbourhood. Public transport bus, tram and metro 1 minute walk You can park in front of the apartment. The daily costs are € 27,-",Near the RAI area exhibition,"Public transport bus, tram and metro 1 minute walk","Non smoking, quiet no drugs."
