"Our studio/apartment is on a typical Amsterdam houseboat. It is a modern, friendly and bright apartment very close to the centre (10 min. to CS). A good way of getting to know and enjoy our beloved and beautiful city. We also have two bicycles free. The studio has its own entrance, kitchen and bathroom, very private and no sharing.",We have our boat now for 11 years. We bought the boat as an empty barge and built it ourselves into a houseboat. Only the outside needs some paint to finish it all.The apartment is a spare part on our boat with a private entrance and very comfortable for a short holiday. It is situated very close to the centre but in an friendly and save neighbourhood. During the day you can choose the busy and alive city and at night sleep in a peacefull and quiet area. It's the best of both we always say.,"Our studio/apartment is on a typical Amsterdam houseboat. It is a modern, friendly and bright apartment very close to the centre (10 min. to CS). A good way of getting to know and enjoy our beloved and beautiful city. We also have two bicycles free. The studio has its own entrance, kitchen and bathroom, very private and no sharing. We have our boat now for 11 years. We bought the boat as an empty barge and built it ourselves into a houseboat. Only the outside needs some paint to finish it all.The apartment is a spare part on our boat with a private entrance and very comfortable for a short holiday. It is situated very close to the centre but in an friendly and save neighbourhood. During the day you can choose the busy and alive city and at night sleep in a peacefull and quiet area. It's the best of both we always say. We have free wifi on board, 2 bicycles for our guests and a sundeck outside. Our boat is on the south side of the islands so the sundeck has sun all day.  The apartment i","Our boat is located on the Borneokade in The Docklands, only 10 minutes from Central Station. The Docklands is located in the northeast of the city, it is the old port of Amsterdam, where coffee and spices used to be shipped in. Most ships are now converted into houseboats. In addition, the Docklands is known for its modern architecture. Developed since 1990, the area attracts many tourists, and provides the benefits and atmosphere of a harbor. There are many cozy and good bars, restaurants and shops, which are open seven days a week. If you are not afraid of the cold, you can even dare to swim in the water. The house is located just a short distance from the city center, and is attainable by bike or the frequent public transport connections.","There is easy access to the public transport. Within a short distance we have several stops for the bus and tram to bring you directly to central station, the museums or the centre. The cheapest way to travel with public transport is with an OV Chip cart. We can provide carts for 10 euro (with a credit of 10 euro). boat - central station: bus 48 10 min. boat - central station: tram 26 5 min. and a little walk  boat - museum (Van Gogh, Rijks museum, Stedelijk museum):  20 min. boat - centre: by bicycle 10 min.",
