"Please feel welcome in my comfortable apartment including a balcony with morning sun and everything at your convenience.  It's located in a quiet area and restaurants, café's and supermarkets are just around the corner. It takes only 10-15 minutes to discover the highlights of Amsterdam.","This nice and spacious apartment is fully furnished. You have the whole place to yourself with a kitchen including dish washer, washing machine, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven and microwave. Pots, pans, plates, cups and cutlery are all at your disposal.  Don't worry if you're not a fan of cooking, you can take out great Thai food, terrific pizza's or sushi. But there are also nice Italian, Indian, Chinese and fish restaurants nearby (including the best vegetarian restaurant in town). In the bathroom you'll find the toilet and a rain shower (yes!). The beautiful sink is in the bedroom.  There's wifi and cable TV. So you can hook up to the virtual world whenever you want to.     From here you're close to*: - Lively neighbourhood Pijp with Albert Cuyp market  and the Heineken Experience (7 min) - Amsterdam RAI convention centre (5 min) - Leidsplein with bars, clubs, etc. (10 min) - Dam square & Red Light district (15 min) - Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh, and Stedelijk Museum (12 min) - Utrechts","Please feel welcome in my comfortable apartment including a balcony with morning sun and everything at your convenience.  It's located in a quiet area and restaurants, café's and supermarkets are just around the corner. It takes only 10-15 minutes to discover the highlights of Amsterdam. This nice and spacious apartment is fully furnished. You have the whole place to yourself with a kitchen including dish washer, washing machine, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven and microwave. Pots, pans, plates, cups and cutlery are all at your disposal.  Don't worry if you're not a fan of cooking, you can take out great Thai food, terrific pizza's or sushi. But there are also nice Italian, Indian, Chinese and fish restaurants nearby (including the best vegetarian restaurant in town). In the bathroom you'll find the toilet and a rain shower (yes!). The beautiful sink is in the bedroom.  There's wifi and cable TV. So you can hook up to the virtual world whenever you want to.     From here you're close ",It's quiet but everything you need is just around the corner. No need to get bored. Just relax.,"There are two tram lines running to the city centre. Tram 4 takes you via the lovely Utrechtsestraat, Rembrandtplein to the Dam Square and Central Station. Tram 12 stops close to the market at the Albert Cuyp before taking you to the Museum square. It also stops close by our Vondelpark and the luxury shopping street P.C. Hooftstraat.",
