"Welcome to our spacious (120m2) apartment in a quiet neighborhood in Amsterdam on a very convenient location. We bought this place a year ago and we lived here ever since. Our minimalistic apartment boasts a modern kitchen, a luxurious bathroom, a large bedroom with Auping bed and darkening curtain, a sunny balcony, free parking behind a closed gate and all the other necessities that you can expect from an house where people actually live.","Having a large and newly build apartment in Amsterdam is quite unique since most of the city has neighborhoods with old houses. This means bad isolation,  noise nuisance, inconvenient parking, small apartments, etc. Our spacious and minimalistic apartment boasts a modern kitchen (with dishwasher, Quooker and induction cooking top), a luxurious bathroom, a large bedroom with Auping bed and darkening curtain, a sunny balcony, an Asian style electronic shower toilet, free parking behind a closed gate and all the other necessities that you can expect from an house where people actually live.","Welcome to our spacious (120m2) apartment in a quiet neighborhood in Amsterdam on a very convenient location. We bought this place a year ago and we lived here ever since. Our minimalistic apartment boasts a modern kitchen, a luxurious bathroom, a large bedroom with Auping bed and darkening curtain, a sunny balcony, free parking behind a closed gate and all the other necessities that you can expect from an house where people actually live. Having a large and newly build apartment in Amsterdam is quite unique since most of the city has neighborhoods with old houses. This means bad isolation,  noise nuisance, inconvenient parking, small apartments, etc. Our spacious and minimalistic apartment boasts a modern kitchen (with dishwasher, Quooker and induction cooking top), a luxurious bathroom, a large bedroom with Auping bed and darkening curtain, a sunny balcony, an Asian style electronic shower toilet, free parking behind a closed gate and all the other necessities that you can expect fro","The place is very close to the following locations which make live in Amsterdam very nice:  Pharmacy / Drug Store - 150m (Kruidvat).  Supermarkets / Grocery Store - 200m (Albert Heijn, LidL).  Convenience Store - 200m (open until 01.00 AM).  Multiple small restaurants - 200m.  Bike Rental - 250m.  Rembrandtpark - 450m.  Postjesweg metro/subway station - 450m.  Amsterdam Lelylaan train and tram station - 700m (direct connection to Schiphol Airport).  Sloterplas - 1km.  A10 motor way - 1km (Amsterdam ring road).  Amsterdam Fashion Centre – 1km.  Vondelpark - 2,5km.  Stedelijk Museum / Rijksmuseum / Van Gogh Museum - 4km (20min by tram or 13min by bike).  City Centre / Royal Palace / Dam Square / De Dam - 4.4km (17min by bike).  Heineken Experience - 5km (17min by bike).  Amsterdam Central Station - 6,5km (18min with public transport).  Amsterdam Airport / Schiphol - 12km (16min by car/taxi/Uber or 14min by train).  Haarlem - 16km (30min by train).  Keukenhof - 30km (30min by car).  Volen","We own a parking spot so you can safely park your car behind a closed gate. Our apartment is located near Amsterdam Lelylaan (trains), Amsterdam Postjesweg (metro) and Amsterdam Derkinderenstraat (tram). Only 20min away from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport by public transport!","- No shoes in the house! - We have neighbors with childeren, so be quiet after 22:00. - Throw away your garbage in the containers on the street. - Always lock the doors and close the windows if you leave. - Respect our home, we live here."
