"We rent out our apartment for the duration of our holidays. It is 45m2, furnished, trendy neighborhood, and good connection. You will have all you need for a comfortable stay!","This apartment is 45 square meters and part of a classic 100 year old Amsterdam building. It is located in the East, on the border with the Center. It has a living room, kitchen, bedroom, shower/toilet, balcony, and comes with all needed furnishing. This apartment is our permanent place of living, therefore you will have everything that you need for a stay - Internet, TV, double bed, hot shower, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, various kitchen equipment, dishes, etc.  Recently we have got a baby. Therefore if you travel with a baby / toddler you can also make a use of some of our baby furniture / equipment.","We rent out our apartment for the duration of our holidays. It is 45m2, furnished, trendy neighborhood, and good connection. You will have all you need for a comfortable stay! This apartment is 45 square meters and part of a classic 100 year old Amsterdam building. It is located in the East, on the border with the Center. It has a living room, kitchen, bedroom, shower/toilet, balcony, and comes with all needed furnishing. This apartment is our permanent place of living, therefore you will have everything that you need for a stay - Internet, TV, double bed, hot shower, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, various kitchen equipment, dishes, etc.  Recently we have got a baby. Therefore if you travel with a baby / toddler you can also make a use of some of our baby furniture / equipment. The whole apartment is accessible, except for the personal belongings in the wardrobes. Most of white plastic wardrobes/boxes  with the personal belongings cannot be accessed.  All kitchen/household equipmen","The neighborhood is nice and trendy. The house/building has mainly small apartments, and the majority of neighbors are young Dutch couples, owning their apartments. The neighborhood self is also young. A number of new trendy ""hipster"" shops and bars open here every year. Javaplein, a lively square with many cafes is nearby. Several big supermarkets, a fancy sports club, a cinema, and a park are within 1-5 minutes walking distance. There is also some Turkish shops/cafes and a open market in the neighborhood, where you can buy good quality food for smaller prices. Mixing cultures and generations in one location is a proven and efficient Dutch solution for the challenges of multiculturalism!","The apartment is only 15 minutes distance from the center of Amsterdam, by bike or public transport! To use the public transport, it is recommended to buy an OV-chipkaart at the airport or at the Amsterdam Central Station. This is a magnetic card that gets changed every time you use public transport.  The individual tickets can be bought only for bus/tram (inside) or train (from the machines outside), but not for metro. Individual tickets for bus/tram are much more expensive than the use of the OV-chipkaart. The public transport connections to various places in Amsterdam and the airport are very good. Bus 22 (to Central station) and 65 (to stations Amstel and Zuid) are 1 minute walking distance.  Tram 14 (to Dam square) is 2 minutes walking. Tram 7 (to Leidseplein) and bus 245 (to Schiphol airport at night) are 4 minutes walking. The train station Muiderpoort is 10 minutes away. At night you can just walk from the center along the tram/bus lines for 30-40 minutes, or take a taxi - whic",We expect guests to keep the apartment clean. No damages are allowed.
