"Nice room in my apartment on the edge of city centre in a quiet neighborhood. 12 minutes by tram (cablecar) to Dam, Jordaan, Nieuwmarkt. 10 minutes to Vondelpark, Museumsquare. But my guests usually walk!  The room is suitable for a couple or two girlfriends. PS: no check in after 10 PM (22.00)!!!","Quiet room with a double bed. Use of bathroom, separate toilet room, balcony, WIFI and kitchen (for breakfast).","Nice room in my apartment on the edge of city centre in a quiet neighborhood. 12 minutes by tram (cablecar) to Dam, Jordaan, Nieuwmarkt. 10 minutes to Vondelpark, Museumsquare. But my guests usually walk!  The room is suitable for a couple or two girlfriends. PS: no check in after 10 PM (22.00)!!! Quiet room with a double bed. Use of bathroom, separate toilet room, balcony, WIFI and kitchen (for breakfast). The room is situated in my apartment on the second floor and has a view over the balcony and the gardens below. At the front of the apartment there is a view over the canal “Kostverlorenvaart” with its riverboats, recreational craft and seagulls! It is my pleasure to provide you with information about the city such as museums, theatre, night life, walks, restaurants, history, public transport, bicycle rent etc. De Baarsjes is a trendy quarter on the edge of city centre with a lot of restaurants, terraces, pubs, shops, pop up vintage stores, galeries, a  market, a cinema, the Buongio","De Baarsjes is a trendy quarter on the edge of city centre with a lot of restaurants, terraces, pubs, shops, pop up vintage stores, galeries, a  market, a cinema, the Buongiorno Espresso Bar (2 minutes on foot) and Bar Spek (2 minutes on foot) that serves 8 different kinds of breakfast.","From Central Railway Station tram 13 takes you within 20 minutes to my house. From Schiphol Airport 10 minutes (train to Amsterdam-Sloterdijk) and then 15 minutes with tram 12. The nearest Park & Ride is ""Bos en Lommer"". In town: tram 12, 13 and 14 at a 2 minutes distance. But most of my guests walk.",After 8 pm no noise on the balcony ;-) Smoking is only allowed on the balcony (no drugs).
