" Our house is situated in one of the most beautiful parts of Amsterdam, close to city center , next to the famous Vondelpark. Museums, shopping, city life within walking distance. The apartment is cosy, spacious, light, clean and has a garden. ","We have a beautiful, spacious and cosy two-level apartment (130 square meters). It has three  bedrooms, one on the ground level and two upstairs. Two bedrooms are disposed of a double bed and one has a single bed,  which wil accommodate 4. On the ground level is fully equipped kitchen (fridge, 5-burner gas stove, oven, dishwasher) with doors opening onto the garden as wel as our specious living room( tv, dvd) and an extra toilet. The apartment is kept absolutely clean. Clean sheets, pillows, blankets and towels are provided."," Our house is situated in one of the most beautiful parts of Amsterdam, close to city center , next to the famous Vondelpark. Museums, shopping, city life within walking distance. The apartment is cosy, spacious, light, clean and has a garden.  We have a beautiful, spacious and cosy two-level apartment (130 square meters). It has three  bedrooms, one on the ground level and two upstairs. Two bedrooms are disposed of a double bed and one has a single bed,  which wil accommodate 4. On the ground level is fully equipped kitchen (fridge, 5-burner gas stove, oven, dishwasher) with doors opening onto the garden as wel as our specious living room( tv, dvd) and an extra toilet. The apartment is kept absolutely clean. Clean sheets, pillows, blankets and towels are provided. You have access to everything Our apartment is located in the Oud-West  city centre area. Opposite of our house lays the Vondelpark, the most famous park in Amsterdam with it's terraces, cafes and playgrounds. This park is a","Our apartment is located in the Oud-West  city centre area. Opposite of our house lays the Vondelpark, the most famous park in Amsterdam with it's terraces, cafes and playgrounds. This park is a perfect place to relax, stroll, ride a bike or enjoy a free concert. A 10 minute walk through this park will bring you to the renovated Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum and modern art Stedelijk Museum. The historical city centre with it's canals, shopping streets and nightlife is in the same distance.  Besides the Vondelpark our neighbourhood also offers a lot of nice local shops, small boutiques, cafes and restaurants. Your staying will be also made easy by several supermarkets which are very close to our house as well as the tram stop just across the street. This tram will take you through the city centre and directly to the Central Station. ",,
