"Just renovated! | Modern interior | Two bedrooms |  WIFI | Perfect location | Private entrance | Privacy | Perfect for (2) couples, small groups or families | Close to Nieuwmarkt and other hotspots | Quiet street | Send inquiry for fast reply","Perfect for one or two couples, small groups or families: elegant, modern, spacious, newly renovated, light, clean, quiet and safe TWO BEDROOM apartment. - Located on the ground floor of a monumental building near the popular Nieuwmarkt. The apartment has been thoroughly renovated from top to bottom in 2012. The interior is 100% new and of the highest quality. - Size: 85m2 (880 sq. ft.) - Modern, fully equipped kitchen with Dishwasher. Wasmachine and Dryer included.  - 2 identical Bedrooms: 2 twin beds, can be used separately.  - More than enough closet space to hang your clothing and store personal belongings in both bedrooms. - High speed (60MB) Wi-Fi internet connection. Brand new HD Smart TV (cable - HD digital). - Small garden in the back.","Just renovated! | Modern interior | Two bedrooms |  WIFI | Perfect location | Private entrance | Privacy | Perfect for (2) couples, small groups or families | Close to Nieuwmarkt and other hotspots | Quiet street | Send inquiry for fast reply Perfect for one or two couples, small groups or families: elegant, modern, spacious, newly renovated, light, clean, quiet and safe TWO BEDROOM apartment. - Located on the ground floor of a monumental building near the popular Nieuwmarkt. The apartment has been thoroughly renovated from top to bottom in 2012. The interior is 100% new and of the highest quality. - Size: 85m2 (880 sq. ft.) - Modern, fully equipped kitchen with Dishwasher. Wasmachine and Dryer included.  - 2 identical Bedrooms: 2 twin beds, can be used separately.  - More than enough closet space to hang your clothing and store personal belongings in both bedrooms. - High speed (60MB) Wi-Fi internet connection. Brand new HD Smart TV (cable - HD digital). - Small garden in the back. Yo","- Unique location. The neighbourhood is amazingly quiet, yet everything you'll ever want to see in Amsterdam is at walking distance. The nearest attraction is the Nieuwmarkt at a mere 5 minute walk. The square is surrounded by many nice bars and restaurants. - Across, there is a supermarket (Spar) and plenty of specialty shops for food and groceries.  - Within a ten minute radius, there are numerous good places to have breakfast or lunch, bars, restaurants, coffee shops, nightclubs and (movie) theaters.",- 15 minutes walk from Central Station Amsterdam. Or one Metro stop from Central Station.  - By train/taxi from Schiphol Amsterdam airport about 25 minutes.,Smoking is only allowed in the (private) back garden.
