"There is a bus and tram around the corner that will take you to the city centre or any direction you would like to go. I will have a list with how to get around the city from my apartment, printed out in my apartment.","Old South lovely garden apartment with a nice interior and modern style. Located in the heart of the beautiful Old South area, close to the Museum Square, the Vondelpark (the largest city park in Amsterdam) and the Concertgebouw. The City centre is within walking distance; the Amsterdam rai Exhibition and Convention Centre and Zuid-as are easy to reach by tram. Tram 2 stop is around the corner.  Apartment  The apartment (65m2) has high ceilings.The lay-out is as following: living room with lounge sofa couch, screen TV, wifi and a nice view on the garden. The kitchen is located at the back with entrance to the garden. At the back there is also the master bedroom with a double bed. The bathroom features a small clean shower. This apartment is ideal for neat tourists and business travellers visiting the Zuid-as or the RAI centre. The place is very warm and personal, and perfectly suited for a single traveler or couple to retreat as well as to discover Amsterdam. Bathroom with shower, wash","There is a bus and tram around the corner that will take you to the city centre or any direction you would like to go. I will have a list with how to get around the city from my apartment, printed out in my apartment. Old South lovely garden apartment with a nice interior and modern style. Located in the heart of the beautiful Old South area, close to the Museum Square, the Vondelpark (the largest city park in Amsterdam) and the Concertgebouw. The City centre is within walking distance; the Amsterdam rai Exhibition and Convention Centre and Zuid-as are easy to reach by tram. Tram 2 stop is around the corner.  Apartment  The apartment (65m2) has high ceilings.The lay-out is as following: living room with lounge sofa couch, screen TV, wifi and a nice view on the garden. The kitchen is located at the back with entrance to the garden. At the back there is also the master bedroom with a double bed. The bathroom features a small clean shower. This apartment is ideal for neat tourists and bus",,,
