"A quiet residential area that is very close to all commodities where tourists love to enjoy. My place is part of the famous monumental apartments of the country. Are you tourist or an Amsterdam lover, then rent my apartment.","My listing is the closest Aibnb place to the funniest commodities in the central of Amsterdam. Like the biggest city central Leidseplein, with the most popular bars, dancing, clubs, theater, cinema, disco, restaurants, Apple shop, museum, night clubs,.. The guest may use all the household furniture, machinery, garden, bed linen ... Friendly The street himself is quiet and the streets around are full of shops, supermarkets, cafes and restaurants,  bars,... . One supermarket is just down the flat. The streets around are main streets for trams, taxi, bus... it is 15 minutes to the central station for every minutes. The big Europarking is at 2 minutes walking time from my apartment. Nevo, the biggest Chinese restaurant, the ship are to visit at about 30 minutes away. it is very easy to get there and nice to see the water the city... The guest may use all the household furniture, machinery, garden, bed linen ... Friendly The street himself is quiet and the streets around are full of shops, ","A quiet residential area that is very close to all commodities where tourists love to enjoy. My place is part of the famous monumental apartments of the country. Are you tourist or an Amsterdam lover, then rent my apartment. My listing is the closest Aibnb place to the funniest commodities in the central of Amsterdam. Like the biggest city central Leidseplein, with the most popular bars, dancing, clubs, theater, cinema, disco, restaurants, Apple shop, museum, night clubs,.. The guest may use all the household furniture, machinery, garden, bed linen ... Friendly The street himself is quiet and the streets around are full of shops, supermarkets, cafes and restaurants,  bars,... . One supermarket is just down the flat. The streets around are main streets for trams, taxi, bus... it is 15 minutes to the central station for every minutes. The big Europarking is at 2 minutes walking time from my apartment. Nevo, the biggest Chinese restaurant, the ship are to visit at about 30 minutes away. i","The street himself is quiet and the streets around are full of shops, supermarkets, cafes and restaurants,  bars,... There is a sauna house at about 2 minutes walking from the apartment. One supermarket is just down the flat.","The streets around are main streets for trams, taxi, bus... it is 15 minutes to the central station for every minutes. The big Europarking is at 2 minutes walking time from my apartment. Nevo, the biggest Chinese restaurant, the ship are to visit at about 30 minutes away. it is very easy to get there and nice to see the water the city...",
