"A modern renovated 55m2 2-room apartment with a large rooftop terrace, including canal view. Living room with open kitchen, 1 bedroom and a bright bathroom! This lovely apartment is perfectly located within walking distance to the famous Jordaan and the 9 streets. Suitable for up to 2 persons","Our modern 2-room apartment has recently been renovated and will make your stay a comfortable one. We have broadband wireless internet, washing machine, dryer and a flat screen television in the living room, as well as in the bedroom. The open kitchen provides direct access to the large rooftop terrace with canal view. This will make your stay an unforgettable one, especially on a sunny day! ","A modern renovated 55m2 2-room apartment with a large rooftop terrace, including canal view. Living room with open kitchen, 1 bedroom and a bright bathroom! This lovely apartment is perfectly located within walking distance to the famous Jordaan and the 9 streets. Suitable for up to 2 persons Our modern 2-room apartment has recently been renovated and will make your stay a comfortable one. We have broadband wireless internet, washing machine, dryer and a flat screen television in the living room, as well as in the bedroom. The open kitchen provides direct access to the large rooftop terrace with canal view. This will make your stay an unforgettable one, especially on a sunny day!  Guests could use the broadband wireless internet, as well as both flat screen televisions in the living room and the bedroom. Furthermore, we have a fully equipped open kitchen with a fridge-freezer (combination), microwave, oven and a gas stove for all kinds of cookeries! From the kitchen there is a direct a","You are ideally situated in Amsterdam Oud West (Old West), in the city center of Amsterdam, making it very easy for you to explore the city by foot. It is a friendly district, which has coffee shops, trendy bars/ restaurants and cozy lunchrooms on every corner.  You will find yourself right in the middle of many well worth visiting sites, such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks museum, Stedelijk museum and the Van Gogh museum. Here you can also find the P.C. - Hoofdstraat, where all the luxurious brands such as Hugo Boss, Ralph Lauren and Mulberry are located. And if you love shopping, you can’t miss the Jordaan, with the '9 straatjes'. In this authentic neighbourhood you will find lots of lovely small boutiques, bars and restaurants. But also the famous “Anne Frank” museum is situated here.  Whether you love the arts, shopping or spending your time exploring Dutch pubs/ restaurants and the nightlife, this part of the city offers you the possibility to enjoy most of these activities","There are many trams and a lot of busses that come and go within close proximity to the apartment. The many trams will bring you all across the city such as Central station, Dam square, de Pijp and Jordaan (Westertoren). Also getting to Schiphol airport is easy with the bus/ train or taxi.","- No smoking is allowed inside the apartment. Our lovely rooftop terrace is a perfect spot if you do want to smoke!  - When you get into the appartment, it will be entirely cleaned for your comfort. Please treat it with the love and respect it deserves.  - We do not have any pets and these are not allowed in our appartment either. - Amsterdam is a big city with many neighbors. Our neighbors are very nice and quiet, we just hope that you will take them into account when you go around the place. - No drugs allowed at any time!  Check-out rules:  - Please make sure that all of the dishes have been cleaned and the dishwasher is emptied when leaving the appartment.  - Can you make sure you empty your bought items from the fridge and throw away all of the garbage. Garbage collection points will be found in front of the appartment, where you can drop your garbage anytime.  - switch down the central heater to a maximum of 16 degrees when you leave. Basically, just leave the appartment tidy and"
