"I am living on Steigereiland-Noord, which is an artificial island close to the Amsterdam city center. The home is situated at a quiet place with an amazing panorama view over the sea. Especially in summer time, it is a perfect place to have a drink in the sun on the balcony with the afternoon sun. The home has a lot of windows, so it benefits from a lot of daylight, which gives a person energy to enjoy life to the fullest.","This appartment is build in 2009, the district IJburg excist just for a few years now. The apartment is located on Steigereiland-Noord, a small scale island with innovative architecture and an inner harbor with floating houses. It is a wide, light apartment with windows on three sides! The apartment has 2 bedrooms. 1 bedroom is available for Airbnb guests. Besides the bedroom you can use the batroom, kitchen and wide livingroom. Although you have to share it with me when I am home. :) There is a balcony on the northwest what brings you a nice sunset. There is a nice view on the Amsterdam IJ lake.  This apartment is unique because of it's location. The neigbourhood is quiet and is surrounded with water but lies just 15 minutes away from the city centre.  The centre of Amsterdam is accessible by tram or bike. It takes you 15 minutes by tram 26 and 25 minutes by bike. Besides visiting Amsterdam, there are loads of other sides in the area. On the other side of the Amsterdam IJ lake is the ","I am living on Steigereiland-Noord, which is an artificial island close to the Amsterdam city center. The home is situated at a quiet place with an amazing panorama view over the sea. Especially in summer time, it is a perfect place to have a drink in the sun on the balcony with the afternoon sun. The home has a lot of windows, so it benefits from a lot of daylight, which gives a person energy to enjoy life to the fullest. This appartment is build in 2009, the district IJburg excist just for a few years now. The apartment is located on Steigereiland-Noord, a small scale island with innovative architecture and an inner harbor with floating houses. It is a wide, light apartment with windows on three sides! The apartment has 2 bedrooms. 1 bedroom is available for Airbnb guests. Besides the bedroom you can use the batroom, kitchen and wide livingroom. Although you have to share it with me when I am home. :) There is a balcony on the northwest what brings you a nice sunset. There is a nice ",,"Tram 26 rides every 7 minutes, which goes straight to the central station in approximately 12 minutes. The tram station is a 10 minute walk, so you can get to the city center pretty fast.  Parking lots are unfortunately all paid parking. It is around 13 euro's a day. As an alternative, I would like to recommend to park at Park & Ride Zeeburg, which is closely and allows cheap parking in combination with a tram ticket (which is obviously needed when you want to go to the city center).  Bike rentals are everywhere and especially in summer time I would recommend to take the bike. In Amsterdam you are on top of the food chains when you are on the bike. ;)","*First of all: enjoy the apartment, have a wonderful stay!  *Minimum stay: 1 night *Maximum number of persons allowed: 2 *Bed linen: available *Towels: available *Smoking only allowed on the balcony *No pets allowed *End cleaning: €,10- *A deposit of €200  *No drugs or excessive alcohol allowed, no parties inside the house allowed. *Guests are required to provide a copy of their passports upon arrival"
