"Charming 2-floor apartment in a nice residential street with private entrance, balcony, terrace and a lovely garden! Comfortable bathroom, rustic kitchen, cosy living, library at open floor. A green oasis amongst everything Amsterdam has to offer!","This very charming and cosy apartment does easily make you feel at home. The combination of a tasteful and authentic atmosphere together with all the comfort you need, including an astonishing garden and pleasant bathroom, offers you a perfect oasis in the middle of De Pijp, a famous and trendy neighbourhoud in the great city of Amsterdam!","Charming 2-floor apartment in a nice residential street with private entrance, balcony, terrace and a lovely garden! Comfortable bathroom, rustic kitchen, cosy living, library at open floor. A green oasis amongst everything Amsterdam has to offer! This very charming and cosy apartment does easily make you feel at home. The combination of a tasteful and authentic atmosphere together with all the comfort you need, including an astonishing garden and pleasant bathroom, offers you a perfect oasis in the middle of De Pijp, a famous and trendy neighbourhoud in the great city of Amsterdam! You will have the whole apartment at your disposal. Museum Square (Rijks, Stedelijk, Van Gogh, Concert Hall) and beautiful Canal Quarter (World Heritage) at just 10 minutes walking distance! Hermitage, Jewish Historical Museum and Rembrandt House some 3 minutes more. Anne Frank House at 12 minutes by bicycle. The lovely Sarphatipark right at the end of the street!  Fresh food and flowers from the Albert Cuy","Museum Square (Rijks, Stedelijk, Van Gogh, Concert Hall) and beautiful Canal Quarter (World Heritage) at just 10 minutes walking distance! Hermitage, Jewish Historical Museum and Rembrandt House some 3 minutes more. Anne Frank House at 12 minutes by bicycle. The lovely Sarphatipark right at the end of the street!  Fresh food and flowers from the Albert Cuypmarket and many coffee corners and lunch rooms just around the corner, as well as a variety of fashionable small shops, galleries, supermarkets, a wide range of Amsterdams finest and most trendy restaurants and bars.","Trams 3, 4, 12, 16 and 24 stop just around the corner and will take you anywhere in the city. Amstel and RAI Station at only 10 minutes, Central Station just 15 minutes by tram. Airport Schiphol 10 minutes bij taxi or train. Various bike rentals nearby.",No smoking inside.  No extra guests. No parties or other loud noise: we take our neighbours into account. No drinks or food upstairs that could stain the floor covering.
