"Modern, comfy and well equipped apartment in Amsterdam.  Right outside is the Erasmus Park. Trams and buses stop just behind my place. A tram will take you to the city centre (Leidseplein) in ten minutes. Balcony is on the sunny side.  You can rent bikes here in the street, and we have a great pizza place and other bars and restaurants around the corner.","Private, modern, comfy and well equipped apartment in Amsterdam.  Right outside is the Erasmus Park. Trams and buses stop just behind my place. A tram will take you to the city centre (Leidseplein) in ten minutes. Balcony on the sunny side. It's a 60 square meter comfortable apartment. The living room has a dining table and comfortable couch. The kitchen is well equipped to make a home dinner. All is working and well maintained. The hallway is shared so has less upkeep than the apartment. - free wifi - nespresso coffee maker (cups on the house) - flatscreen TV - playstation - oven / microwave Apart from welcoming you the apartment is all yours. If you need anything just call. Supermarkets are within walking distance and opened 7 days a week. Trams and busses to center or Schiphol leave right behind my house.","Modern, comfy and well equipped apartment in Amsterdam.  Right outside is the Erasmus Park. Trams and buses stop just behind my place. A tram will take you to the city centre (Leidseplein) in ten minutes. Balcony is on the sunny side.  You can rent bikes here in the street, and we have a great pizza place and other bars and restaurants around the corner. Private, modern, comfy and well equipped apartment in Amsterdam.  Right outside is the Erasmus Park. Trams and buses stop just behind my place. A tram will take you to the city centre (Leidseplein) in ten minutes. Balcony on the sunny side. It's a 60 square meter comfortable apartment. The living room has a dining table and comfortable couch. The kitchen is well equipped to make a home dinner. All is working and well maintained. The hallway is shared so has less upkeep than the apartment. - free wifi - nespresso coffee maker (cups on the house) - flatscreen TV - playstation - oven / microwave Apart from welcoming you the apartment is a",Bos en Lommer is a neighbourhood just outside of the touristy city center.  You can get a taste of living like a local in Amsterdam here. There are many good restaurants and bars around here. We also have two big parks to enjoy in summer.,"Trams and busses to center or Schiphol leave right behind my house. Parking in front of the door is € 2.40 an hour or € 21.60 a day. In a parking facility (P+R) nearby (5 min. walking), it's €8 a day + € 1 for following days.  Below is a link about the P+R rules:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)","I will leave you a tidy and clean apartment, please give it back as you found it. Smoking and pets are not allowed."
