"In the Harbour of Amsterdam near the city center, you will find a nice classic sailing ship called Voorwaarts.  In the summer we make long sailing trips. During the winter we rent out the ship for groups. You will sleep on a special place! The ship will be docked during your stay at the NDSM-pier in Amsterdam North","You can rent this ship for your group in private for a total group of 16 persons.  On Board are 1 x 2 persons cabins and 4 x 4 persons cabins, 1 Shower, 1 x toilet. On board of every Ship is a fully equipped kitchen, with dishes, cutlery, cooking gear etc. if you like; You can do your own cooking on board.","In the Harbour of Amsterdam near the city center, you will find a nice classic sailing ship called Voorwaarts.  In the summer we make long sailing trips. During the winter we rent out the ship for groups. You will sleep on a special place! The ship will be docked during your stay at the NDSM-pier in Amsterdam North You can rent this ship for your group in private for a total group of 16 persons.  On Board are 1 x 2 persons cabins and 4 x 4 persons cabins, 1 Shower, 1 x toilet. On board of every Ship is a fully equipped kitchen, with dishes, cutlery, cooking gear etc. if you like; You can do your own cooking on board. You have acces to the living room, kitchen, bathroom and all the sleeping rooms. You will have you're one place to stay and cook when you want. There is a little private place on the back of the boat. There will be always somebody there during you're stay. When you have any questions, feel free to ask. In our Neighborhood;  + Stunning architectural neighborhood.  + Public ","In our Neighborhood;  + Stunning architectural neighborhood.  + Public transport nearby.  + Nice bars and restaurants with sun terrace on the docks round the corner.  + Enclosed parking space available for free.  + nearby renting Bicycles possible for €10 per day for one bike. extra possible  * Canal tour with classic boat also available.  * Breakfast possible.  * a Boat tour with the Voorwaarts is also possible, the extra cost will be € 100,-- per hour with a minimum of 4 passengers.",You can reach the city very easily with tram and bus. It takes only 8 minutes to get in the middle of the centre.  We hope to see you soon. Best regards Joost and Anna.,
