,"A bright 2-bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor with a living room, a typical ""Amsterdam"" kitchen, a bathroom with shower and toilet and a nice balcony where you can enjoy your breakfast in the morning. The kitchen is fully equipped and has an oven. The bedroom has a comfortable bed with mattress (1.60 x 2.00) and doors to the balcony where the sun will rise. The sun shines on the balcony all day.  The apartment itself is in a quiet one-way street close to many toko's for your food shopping as well as the bigger supermarkets such as DIRK and Albert Heijn.","A bright 2-bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor with a living room, a typical ""Amsterdam"" kitchen, a bathroom with shower and toilet and a nice balcony where you can enjoy your breakfast in the morning. The kitchen is fully equipped and has an oven. The bedroom has a comfortable bed with mattress (1.60 x 2.00) and doors to the balcony where the sun will rise. The sun shines on the balcony all day.  The apartment itself is in a quiet one-way street close to many toko's for your food shopping as well as the bigger supermarkets such as DIRK and Albert Heijn. I'll be available for questions however will respect the privacy of my guests, meaning I will not stay in the apartment during their stay. The apartment is in a multicultural, lively and vibrant area with many choices on cafe's, restaurants & bars.  Tram 13 to Westermarkt (Anne Frank House, Nine Little Streets, Central Station) is on an 8-minute walk from the apartment. Furthermore tram 7 stops at the same tram stop and that runs to the","The apartment is in a multicultural, lively and vibrant area with many choices on cafe's, restaurants & bars.  Tram 13 to Westermarkt (Anne Frank House, Nine Little Streets, Central Station) is on an 8-minute walk from the apartment. Furthermore tram 7 stops at the same tram stop and that runs to the Leidseplein where the shops and night life is to be found. Trams run until shortly after midnight.  The emerging Rembrandtpark is around the corner where the Dutch like to enjoy a picnic, have a barbecue, jog, walk their dog or play outdoor games. The famous Vondelpark is on half an hour walking distance too. The newly opened Rijksmuseum as well as the Stedelijk Museum and the Van Gogh Musuem are next to the Vondelpark.","Tram 13, tram 7 and bus 15 all stop on a 5-8 minute walking distance from the apartment.  They run until just after midnight and bring you respectively to and from Central Station, to and from the city centre (Leidseplein), to and from station Sloterdijk or Amsterdam Zuid. You can reach Schiphol airport within 45 minutes by getting tram 17 and then a train from station Amsterdam Lelylaan. Parking space is available in front of the house, depending on availability. Parking cost is €2.40 per hour (Mon-Sat, 9am - midnight) and is free on Sundays.","Most of all I want you to feel home away from home! Although I have a couple of kind requests though. Only smoke on the balcony and please take your shoes off once inside in order to keep it clean (I usually walk barefoot myself) and to prevent disturbance for the neighbor living on the 1st floor. Besides that please keep the noise down on the staircase which I share with my neighbors. Parties and excessive use of alcohol and drugs are strictly forbidden.  I kindly ask you to remove the linen from the bed after your last night.  I expect my guests to leave my apartment in the same state as it was when they arrived.  Then a couple more bullets which seem common sense but hey you can never be clear enough: SAFETY: No open flames are permitted anywhere in the house. That means no smoking or candle burning. Also, do not make a copy of the house key! PRIVACY: I will show you which room is to be kept private (which means no guests access) and trust that my guests will honor my request. Also "
