Our lovely apartment is located in high end shopping area in the museum district. The tram takes you in a couple of minutes to all the highlights of Amsterdam and the airport is only 1 train stop away. You will love the rooftop terrace of 30 square m,"Our lovely apartment is located in high end shopping area in the museum district. The tram takes you in only 4 to 10 minutes to all the highlights of Amsterdam. Also the airport is only 1 train stops away (8 minutes), which makes the location great for visitors. The apartment has a spacious living room, separate kitchen and a beautiful and big roof top terrace. The cosy bed room is located at the top floor. You will have a private living room, kitchen, bath room and bedroom all for yourself.","Our lovely apartment is located in high end shopping area in the museum district. The tram takes you in a couple of minutes to all the highlights of Amsterdam and the airport is only 1 train stop away. You will love the rooftop terrace of 30 square m Our lovely apartment is located in high end shopping area in the museum district. The tram takes you in only 4 to 10 minutes to all the highlights of Amsterdam. Also the airport is only 1 train stops away (8 minutes), which makes the location great for visitors. The apartment has a spacious living room, separate kitchen and a beautiful and big roof top terrace. The cosy bed room is located at the top floor. You will have a private living room, kitchen, bath room and bedroom all for yourself. You will have a private living room, kitchen, bath room and bedroom all for yourself. A small separate room will be locked, it's not showed on the pictures, so what you see is what you get and can enjoy. We will be out of town these days, probably maki","High end shopping area in the museum district. The tram takes you in only 4 to 10 minutes to all the highlights of Amsterdam. Also the airport is only 1 train stops away (8 minutes), which makes the location great for visitors.",,Smoking is only allowed outside on the roof top terrace. Please do not invite guests other than booked for to our apartment.
