Large and light with all modern comforts only a short walk away from all Amsterdam has to offer canals sights food drinks fun,"Make yourself at home in this lovely, light and very spacious apartment (100m2). You will love being in the midst of it all in the beautiful neighbourhood “Westerpark"". Right in the center of Amsterdam, a stone's throw away from the canals, Anne Frank house and the famous Jordaan area, offering great restaurants, cafes and bars literally only 5 minutes walk away. Move away from the busy center and walk (5 minutes) straight into Westerpark which borders the cultural center “Westergas"" terrain. Whether you're in Amsterdam to hang out like a real tourist or to enjoy it like a local, this apartment is the ideal place to stay! The apartment is large and fully furnished and it's all yours when you are there! Upstairs you'll find one bedroom with a kingsize bed and a second room, which we have recently turned into a baby/kids (Website hidden by Airbnb) second room does have a Bert comfortabel Airbed that sleept 2. The second room looks out on the fantastic roof terrace with great lounge seats","Large and light with all modern comforts only a short walk away from all Amsterdam has to offer canals sights food drinks fun Make yourself at home in this lovely, light and very spacious apartment (100m2). You will love being in the midst of it all in the beautiful neighbourhood “Westerpark"". Right in the center of Amsterdam, a stone's throw away from the canals, Anne Frank house and the famous Jordaan area, offering great restaurants, cafes and bars literally only 5 minutes walk away. Move away from the busy center and walk (5 minutes) straight into Westerpark which borders the cultural center “Westergas"" terrain. Whether you're in Amsterdam to hang out like a real tourist or to enjoy it like a local, this apartment is the ideal place to stay! The apartment is large and fully furnished and it's all yours when you are there! Upstairs you'll find one bedroom with a kingsize bed and a second room, which we have recently turned into a baby/kids (Website hidden by Airbnb) second room does",,"Bus 21 and tram are just around the corner (1-3 minute walk) to take you directly to Central Station, Museum Square and 'De Pijp' neighborhood. Parking available but check with is if you want advice about coming with your own car.","There aren't many real rules in the house. Rule number 1 is to enjoy Amsterdam and have a great time here. Rule number 2 is: Please remember this is a private house since I/we personally live there. You can use anything you want or need but also please respect our privacy. We put a lot of stuff away for your convenience but of course there are personal belongings in all drawers and closets. Anything in the fridge is at your disposal; there are cold drinks, coffee, tea, eggs, etc to consume if you wish. Sure, drink a glass of whiskey if you'd like. Just replace the bottle if you want to have more than a few nips :). Feel free to put anything in the dishwasher BUT anything wooden or plastic (such as the cutting knifes on the wall and the food processor) as they will break. For the rest, just common sense and please remember to read rule number 1. Enjoy!!"
