Spacious apartment in the peaceful residential area 'Rivierenbuurt' in Amsterdam South. Superfast connection to the city by metro: station is just opposite the apartment.  Excellent restaurants and supermarkets around the corner. With a large living and 2 bedrooms with double beds it's the perfect place for families & business travellers (conference center RAI is across the street).,"* Private entrance on the first floor,  easily accessible by wide outside stairs:  no narrow Amsterdam steps. * Two bedrooms with double beds (1.60x2.00 and 1.40x2.00) and dark / blackout curtains. * Large living with bright Scandinavian design * Fully equipped kitchen, including Nespresso, toaster and Magimix blender for your smoothies.  I highly value a clean and tidy place, so you can make sure I'll do my utmost best to have everything as spic-and-span as possible for your arrival!","Spacious apartment in the peaceful residential area 'Rivierenbuurt' in Amsterdam South. Superfast connection to the city by metro: station is just opposite the apartment.  Excellent restaurants and supermarkets around the corner. With a large living and 2 bedrooms with double beds it's the perfect place for families & business travellers (conference center RAI is across the street). * Private entrance on the first floor,  easily accessible by wide outside stairs:  no narrow Amsterdam steps. * Two bedrooms with double beds (1.60x2.00 and 1.40x2.00) and dark / blackout curtains. * Large living with bright Scandinavian design * Fully equipped kitchen, including Nespresso, toaster and Magimix blender for your smoothies.  I highly value a clean and tidy place, so you can make sure I'll do my utmost best to have everything as spic-and-span as possible for your arrival! You will have access to the entire apartment. One small home office will be locked, since I will store my personal things in","The apartment is located in Amsterdam South, in the ""Rivierenbuurt"". A very popular & peaceful residential area. Build in the 30's in a unique and renowed architectural style, which makes the buildings a protected landmark in the city of Amsterdam.  Around the corner:  * Several supermarkets * Plenty excellent restaurants  * Beatrixpark and Amstelpark * Bike rentals","* 10 minutes to Schiphol by train (Amsterdam RAI station) * Metro 52 - superfast & easy: within 5 minutes downtown!   * Tram 4 - Utrechtsestraat, Rembrandt Square, Dam and Central Station.  * Tram 12 - Museum Quarter & Leidse Square","• Please treat my beloved home as if it were your own. • I highly value a good relationship with my neighbors. Therefore, I would appreciate if you avoid making noise, especially late in the evening. please, no parties in the apartment.  •My home is a non-smoking environment. If you need to smoke, please do so at the balcony and dispose of your cigarettes afterwards. An ashtray is provided on the table on the balcony."
