"A romantic, luxurious loft of 60m2 in the heart of de Pijp. Lovely authentic stained glass sliding doors, fire place and modern comfy furniture. Trendy bars, restaurants and museums all in walking distance. A guaranteed nice stay! ","Atmosphere and luxery, character and comfort, old and new. My appartment offers all you need for a great Amsterdam experience. I've tried to keep my place spacious but homy so it's easy to relax and unwind. You'll need it because Amsterdam will wear you out! ;-)  Check out the pictures to see the design and the typical Dutch features. ","A romantic, luxurious loft of 60m2 in the heart of de Pijp. Lovely authentic stained glass sliding doors, fire place and modern comfy furniture. Trendy bars, restaurants and museums all in walking distance. A guaranteed nice stay!  Atmosphere and luxery, character and comfort, old and new. My appartment offers all you need for a great Amsterdam experience. I've tried to keep my place spacious but homy so it's easy to relax and unwind. You'll need it because Amsterdam will wear you out! ;-)  Check out the pictures to see the design and the typical Dutch features.  There is free WIFI, TV and washing machine plus dryer. The fully equipped kitchen is completely at your disposal.  If you have any questions or if you want tips about Amsterdam, you can let me know. I'm more than happy to sit down with you so I can show you all the hotspots, do's and don'ts to have a perfect stay and see all the nice places in Amsterdam.  If you want to go where the locals go, you go to 'De Pijp' (the pipe). T","If you want to go where the locals go, you go to 'De Pijp' (the pipe). This area of the city is built just outside the canal rings as one of the first city expansions at the end of the 19th century. Most tourists go to see the historic city center, not knowing that there's a whole world more to discover. For years De Pijp is the most trendy spot for the locals. You can tell by the abundance of bars, restaurants and private shops. The big marketstreet running through it, makes De Pijp a perfect mix of 'daily life' and hip'n'happening. Add to that the typical architecture and intimate street pattern, and you have your perfect urban holiday spot. ","In walking distance:   • Museums: Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, Van Gogh museum (10 min). All at Museum square.   • Nightlife: Gerard Douplein (5 min), Heinekenplein (5 min), Leidseplein (10 min), Rembrandtplein (15 min), Reguliersdwarsstraat (20 min)  • Shopping: De Pijp (1 min), Utrechtsestraat (10 min), Kalverstraat (20 min) PC. Hooftstraat (20 min)  • Market: The Albert Cuyp market (1min) • Parcs: Sarphati Parc (5 min) Vondelpark (15 min) • Tram stops for lines 3,4,12 and 25 to city centre (5 min) ",Pets and indoor smoking is not allowed. Thanks for your understanding.
