"It doesn't get much more central than this! Spacious, cozy two-bedroom apartment (one adult bedroom and one child's bedroom) in a central Amsterdam neighbourhood (the hip Oud-West district on the border of the Jordaan), near all sites, lots of restaurants and cafes and shops, with easy access to public transportation. Pleasant, modern interior design, beautiful view from balcony. The master bedroom has a queen bed. The second bedroom has a high sleeper for a kid  and lots of toys to play with.","Fully-furnished, comfy two-bedroom apartment in the center of Amsterdam, close to all attractions, and nearby very useful public transport. With a large master bedroom and a second bedroom with a high-sleeper single bed, it's perfect for a family traveling with a child who is 4 years old or older (who can climb a few steps on a ladder). An adult could also use the second bed in the second bedroom, but it's definitely a child's room.  Two bedrooms: Spacious master bedroom with 14-foot high ceilings and bay windows looking out onto a quiet courtyard. Queen-sized bed. Second, smaller room room with a high sleeper. If you have a baby and you'd like them to sleep in the master bedroom with you, I have a porto-crib you can borrow for that. Large living/dining/kitchen: recently-renovated modern kitchen, large, open-plan living room and dining area. 14 ft ceilings with contemporary and mid-century modern furniture. Final room is small office with desk and bookshelves. View/environs: Located on","It doesn't get much more central than this! Spacious, cozy two-bedroom apartment (one adult bedroom and one child's bedroom) in a central Amsterdam neighbourhood (the hip Oud-West district on the border of the Jordaan), near all sites, lots of restaurants and cafes and shops, with easy access to public transportation. Pleasant, modern interior design, beautiful view from balcony. The master bedroom has a queen bed. The second bedroom has a high sleeper for a kid  and lots of toys to play with. Fully-furnished, comfy two-bedroom apartment in the center of Amsterdam, close to all attractions, and nearby very useful public transport. With a large master bedroom and a second bedroom with a high-sleeper single bed, it's perfect for a family traveling with a child who is 4 years old or older (who can climb a few steps on a ladder). An adult could also use the second bed in the second bedroom, but it's definitely a child's room.  Two bedrooms: Spacious master bedroom with 14-foot high ceiling","The neighborhood is in Oud West, just across a bridge from the Jordaan district. Walking outside the apartment to the left, you're headed towards the city's best shopping area, the Nine Streets, and to the right is a cozy, up-and-coming neighborhood full of cafes, organic bakeries, two great rotisserie restaurants, funky boutiquey shops. They're calling it ""the new Brooklyn."" Walking, you're 10 minutes away from Leidseplein, Vondelpark, the Museum District, the Anne Frank Huis, Westerkerk, Dam Square.","Within two blocks of trams (phone number hidden), and 17. Buses (phone number hidden) and the 197 express bus to Schiphol airport is about 5 minutes walking from here.","We ask that you don't smoke anywhere in the house. We also ask that you respect the other people in the building and not make loud noises after eleven at night (there's a small baby that lives upstairs). This is not a party house; we live here most of the time, and we expect you to treat our home with respect. We also ask that you leave the house tidy before you go."
