"Beautiful apartment in the middle of the city center, easy to walk to all of the great sights and activities Amsterdam has to offer! Although the apartment is very central, it's located in a quiet street with an unique feature: a rooftop terrace in the sun to enjoy your breakfast or enjoy some drinks. Besides the terrace the apartment itself has everything you need for a lovely stay in the Dutch capital, such as a fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bed (2) and separate bathroom and toilet.","If you are looking for a nice apartment in the absolute center of Amsterdam (2 minutes walk from Leidseplein / Leidse Square), please contact me. The apartment has two rooms, one bedroom, one separate toilet, a separate bathroom and a very nice and sunny roof terrace.  Very fast WIFI internet is provided. Since I am modeling a lot, I am traveling to different places so this is the reason I would like to rent out my apartment every now and then. I have a modern style and there`s new furniture in the apartment and even a silent Yamaha piano so you can practice the piano if you would like to ;). The sleeping room is very quiet because it's located on the backside of the apartment.  You can stay over at my place with 4 people, since I do have a sleeping coach which folds out and which is located in the living room. The neighborhood is absolutely the best Amsterdam has to offer, it's near the famous museums (e.g. Rijksmuseum Stedelijk Museum), Anne Frank House, cinema`s, concert halls, shop","Beautiful apartment in the middle of the city center, easy to walk to all of the great sights and activities Amsterdam has to offer! Although the apartment is very central, it's located in a quiet street with an unique feature: a rooftop terrace in the sun to enjoy your breakfast or enjoy some drinks. Besides the terrace the apartment itself has everything you need for a lovely stay in the Dutch capital, such as a fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bed (2) and separate bathroom and toilet. If you are looking for a nice apartment in the absolute center of Amsterdam (2 minutes walk from Leidseplein / Leidse Square), please contact me. The apartment has two rooms, one bedroom, one separate toilet, a separate bathroom and a very nice and sunny roof terrace.  Very fast WIFI internet is provided. Since I am modeling a lot, I am traveling to different places so this is the reason I would like to rent out my apartment every now and then. I have a modern style and there`s new furniture in the ","The apartment is located at the corner one of the most picturesque spots of Amsterdam, near the Spiegelgracht. The Spiegelgracht is known for all of the beautiful antique furniture and art stores. Furthermore a lot of nice breakfast and coffee spots are around the corner to enjoy the Amsterdam vibe. The Rijksmuseum is around the corner on one side of the street and The Leidse Square around the other corner to enjoy the best bars and restaurants Amsterdam has to offer.","Option 1: From Schiphol Airport you take Bus 197 to Amsterdam Leidseplein. From Leidseplein it is only a 1 minute walk. Option 2: From Amsterdam Central Station you take one of the many trams (trams 1, 2 and 5) that go to Leidseplein. From Leidseplein it is only a 1 minute walk.","No smoking, no pets allowed"
