"In a dead-end street in Amsterdam North, we own a beautiful house with lovely garden on a small canal. No city noises and exhaust fumes, but singing birds and the smell of flowers. And the city center is only 20 minutes away (via the free ferry).","The location in Amsterdam North, close to the city and even closer to the beautiful countryside, together with the ambiance in and around our house, make this spot quite unique. The layout of the house, with extra stairs from the garage, ensures  sufficient privacy for our guests. The room is on the first floor, the shower and toilet are on the ground floor.  You enter via the garage and your own stairs to the first floor. The space above the garage features a spacious library room, which gives access to your bedroom. On cold or rainy days, the library is also where you will have your breakfast. We want to make sure that our guests are comfortable and enjoy their stay, not just in our house and garden, but in our city as well. We are usually home when we have guests. We like meeting people but we respect your need to be left to yourselves.  Our neighbourhood (and especially our dead-end street) have an exceptional village feel to them. The canal that connects to the countryside to the ","In a dead-end street in Amsterdam North, we own a beautiful house with lovely garden on a small canal. No city noises and exhaust fumes, but singing birds and the smell of flowers. And the city center is only 20 minutes away (via the free ferry). The location in Amsterdam North, close to the city and even closer to the beautiful countryside, together with the ambiance in and around our house, make this spot quite unique. The layout of the house, with extra stairs from the garage, ensures  sufficient privacy for our guests. The room is on the first floor, the shower and toilet are on the ground floor.  You enter via the garage and your own stairs to the first floor. The space above the garage features a spacious library room, which gives access to your bedroom. On cold or rainy days, the library is also where you will have your breakfast. We want to make sure that our guests are comfortable and enjoy their stay, not just in our house and garden, but in our city as well. We are usually h","Our neighbourhood (and especially our dead-end street) have an exceptional village feel to them. The canal that connects to the countryside to the North add to the typical North-Holland ambiance. Nature reserves Twiske and Ilperveld, as well as Waterland and world-famous Zaanse Schans, are just around the corner. On the other hand, you can reach the center of Amsterdam in under 20 minutes, either by bus or on your rental bicycle (riding the free ferry over the IJ just adds to the joy of living in North).","From the Central Station, you take the free ferry to NDSM. Then take bus 38, 37 of 35 to Molenwijk. If you have a bicycle, you follow the signs to Twiske. From Central Station you can also take bus 35 to Molenwijk.  If you are travelling by car, you take exit S118 towards Oostzanerwerf.","We happily invite guests to enjoy all the good things in our house and garden. We will do our utmost to make your stay a happy one. We expect you to respect our house, garden and cats. We kindly ask you to refrain from smoking in the house and to not bring any pets to the house. Musical instruments are more than welcome."
