Our second floor apartment with balcony surrounded by trees in friendly neighboorhood close to city centre of Amsterdam is available for a family with 1 or 2 little kids.,"Pleasant apartment second floor that is build in (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) with a living room, living kitchen, two bedrooms of which one is a master bedroom with a double bed and the other has a bed for a child till 2-11 years.  The apartment can be rented by families with 1 or 2 children.  Furniture is mainly 70's design, some self made furniture, old and new, nice and comfortable.  Facilities:  Wi-Fi, stove, fridge, washing machine, dish washer, oven, microwave, DVD-player. All herbs, pots and pans are available to make yourself a nice meal in the living kitchen and eat outside at the balcony.  Truly a great apartment after a day strolling through the city.","Our second floor apartment with balcony surrounded by trees in friendly neighboorhood close to city centre of Amsterdam is available for a family with 1 or 2 little kids. Pleasant apartment second floor that is build in (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) with a living room, living kitchen, two bedrooms of which one is a master bedroom with a double bed and the other has a bed for a child till 2-11 years.  The apartment can be rented by families with 1 or 2 children.  Furniture is mainly 70's design, some self made furniture, old and new, nice and comfortable.  Facilities:  Wi-Fi, stove, fridge, washing machine, dish washer, oven, microwave, DVD-player. All herbs, pots and pans are available to make yourself a nice meal in the living kitchen and eat outside at the balcony.  Truly a great apartment after a day strolling through the city. 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. I will go for vacation myself. My neighbour will be there at your arrival an","The apartment is located at the crossing of the neighbourhood Baarsjes / Oud West at 20 minutes walk from city centre. The neighbourhood is child friendly, quiet, with friendly neighbours lots of play grounds for children and a small city farm. Nice and hip restaurants and shops in a neighbourhood that is upcoming and transforming from multi-culti into hip and happening. Daily market at 10 minutes walking.","Trams in all directions in two minutes walking from the house.   Easy to get from Central Station (tram 13) or from, Schiphol  by train to Sloterdijk Station and tram 12 to my house. And if you like a direct bus connection to the beach and dunes in 10 minutes walking from the house.",Take good care of the appartment and be friendly to my neighboors
