Our lovely corner-apartment is located in one of the most vivid areas of Amsterdam. Are you visiting Amsterdam for business or pleasure? Both perfect! Very close to public transfers and the RAI. Please contact us trough (Hidden by Airbnb) for quick responding.,A lovely view thanks to the corner shaped living room. ,"Our lovely corner-apartment is located in one of the most vivid areas of Amsterdam. Are you visiting Amsterdam for business or pleasure? Both perfect! Very close to public transfers and the RAI. Please contact us trough (Hidden by Airbnb) for quick responding. A lovely view thanks to the corner shaped living room.  You can watch a movie or make a cappuccino, check your e-mail or make a nice meal.   A warm welcome, a lovely goodbye and I will be there to the answer any of your questions. If you would like, I could also give you some nice recommendations considering restaurants, bars, things to do/see, or what else you would like to know. When you are staying in de Pijp you should enjoy the high quality of time people are spending in every way. There are bars and good restaurants at any corner, Love life, love de Pijp. To get to the more touristic parts of town, like museumsquare, de Dam and de Wallen, you could tram 16 or 24 and to get to West or East you could take tram 12 or 3. There ","When you are staying in de Pijp you should enjoy the high quality of time people are spending in every way. There are bars and good restaurants at any corner, Love life, love de Pijp.","To get to the more touristic parts of town, like museumsquare, de Dam and de Wallen, you could tram 16 or 24 and to get to West or East you could take tram 12 or 3. There is always a train station nearby, which could bring you to Schiphol. If you are coming by car, you could park your car in the streets for €24 a day, or you could park your car a little more out of town and take the tram for the last part. Places where you can still park for free: - Spinnerij - Bouwerij 7 - 1185 XW Amstelveen (A9, afsl.Amstelveen; metro 51 naar centrum) - Diemen-Zuid - A10, afsl. S112; metro 53 naar centrum  ","I would expect guests to treat this apartment as I would do if I were a guest. With care. I'm not a superbig fan of pets, but if you contact me, I'm sure we can work it out. Smoking is not allowed."
