"Our spacious and light house is located in the Pijp, Amsterdam Soho. You will enjoy the recently refurbished interior and great and fully equipped kitchen. Great for 1 or 2 couples with or without children. Please check our reviews! Warm regards, Wim","Family house at the Amstel – lively ‘Pijp’ area close to the citycenter.  It is a highly spacious and light house. If Amsterdam is sunny, our house is as well. The apartment was refurnished and renovated in 2011. It is located on the 2nd and 3th floor. With exceptionally good stairs for Amsterdam! It is suitable for 4 persons. (1 kingsize, 1 double, 1 single) It has a comfortable living, a study, a bathroom with separate bath and shower and 2 bedrooms. The washing machine is located on the first floor. The sunny terrace on the roof has a small vegetable garden. It is the best place for a sundowner! The kitchen is excellent and very spacious. With the shops and markets for fresh food around; perfect for foodlovers!  As our oldest sun (21) lives on the first floor in a separate apartment, the entrance can be considered private. Our son is available for assistance during your stay and for the best insider nightlife tips :-)","Our spacious and light house is located in the Pijp, Amsterdam Soho. You will enjoy the recently refurbished interior and great and fully equipped kitchen. Great for 1 or 2 couples with or without children. Please check our reviews! Warm regards, Wim Family house at the Amstel – lively ‘Pijp’ area close to the citycenter.  It is a highly spacious and light house. If Amsterdam is sunny, our house is as well. The apartment was refurnished and renovated in 2011. It is located on the 2nd and 3th floor. With exceptionally good stairs for Amsterdam! It is suitable for 4 persons. (1 kingsize, 1 double, 1 single) It has a comfortable living, a study, a bathroom with separate bath and shower and 2 bedrooms. The washing machine is located on the first floor. The sunny terrace on the roof has a small vegetable garden. It is the best place for a sundowner! The kitchen is excellent and very spacious. With the shops and markets for fresh food around; perfect for foodlovers!  As our oldest sun (21) l","The house is located in the Pijp. It is a lively and trendy area: 20 meters from the Amstel river and 500 m from the Albert Cuyp market. The Albert Cuyp is the best-known market in the Netherlands. From Monday to Saturday it is the place for fresh vegetables, fish and all kinds of other items.  Other aspects of the area are restaurants, bars, parks, Amstel for swimming (floating pool) and boating, running, biking.  All popular attractions. such as the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Vondelpark, Sarphatipark, Leidseplein etc. are at close range.","Public transport is widely available. The closest stop is at 300m. Car, scooter and bike rental are available at close distance.  F.e.: Schiphol at 20 minutes by taxi /30 minutes by public transport, Museumplein with all major museums such as the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh and the Stedelijk museum at 10 minutes. Central Station and Filmmuseum Eye at 25 minutes.",It is a great house. We ask our guests to take care.
