,"Cosy modern studio flat, light and bright situated on the third floor of the Prinsengracht, one of the most beautiful canals in Amsterdam. Located in the Jordaan area, which is the oldest area and known for its vibrant scene with lots of nice bars, shops, cinemas and close to public transport (Note A direct tram to Central Station 5 minutes walking distance). The property features modern fixtures and fittings. The property comprises: * Good sized studio room with wooden floors * Built in large wardrobes * Open-plan nicely fitted kitchen with plenty of cupboards * Modern shower room and WC * Internet connection * Studio is currently furnished A five-minutes walk to Leidseplein (Leidse square). All local amenities and a sports grounds are within short proximity. Minimum stay: 2 nights. Smoking, pets and kids not allowed.","Cosy modern studio flat, light and bright situated on the third floor of the Prinsengracht, one of the most beautiful canals in Amsterdam. Located in the Jordaan area, which is the oldest area and known for its vibrant scene with lots of nice bars, shops, cinemas and close to public transport (Note A direct tram to Central Station 5 minutes walking distance). The property features modern fixtures and fittings. The property comprises: * Good sized studio room with wooden floors * Built in large wardrobes * Open-plan nicely fitted kitchen with plenty of cupboards * Modern shower room and WC * Internet connection * Studio is currently furnished A five-minutes walk to Leidseplein (Leidse square). All local amenities and a sports grounds are within short proximity. Minimum stay: 2 nights. Smoking, pets and kids not allowed. entire space. Always on.. The area is the very heart of town, the old city which has its particular charm and good vibes. All public transport is closeby (tram, train, b","The area is the very heart of town, the old city which has its particular charm and good vibes.","All public transport is closeby (tram, train, bus).","Smoking, pets and kids are not allowed. Max. 2 persons and please be aware of the neighbours. Guests are not allowed to bring any other persons to stay at night or to visit them. Sneaking in extra people is theft - only the number of and the actual people booked are permitted to stay overnight on the property. The house is monitored.  Note We charge an extra fee of E 25 for late check-ins, ie. later than 8pm!"
