"Brand new private studio with private entrance, private bathroom, queen bed and basic kitchenette. Contains everything you need for a short stay. Ideal for couples, business travelers (10 mins away from RAI convention center), leisure travelers or 2 good friends (please note it is not possible to add extra beds. Maximum number of guests is 2). Easy access from the street. Enjoy Amsterdam fully!","This accommodation unit is a little private studio/room inside of our apartment. It has a private entrance, private fully equipped bathroom with shower, queen sized real bed and a kitchenette with coffee and tea facilities. It offers easy entrance from the street. The room contains also comfortable table and chairs. There is high speed Wi-Fi access and it is ideal for working on a lap-top.  It is possible to park in front of the apartment for certain amount of hours for discounted prices. Amstel river, Museum quarter, Heineken Experience, beautiful Amsterdam parks and RAI convention center within 10 to 25 min by foot. City Center is 12 mins by tram, or less then 30 mins by foot. The unit is in the De Pijp district, which is a beautiful mixture of urban and residential Amsterdam. You will be 1,5 km away from the city center canals, with an easy access to the tram which takes you directly to the city center. Famous Albert Cuyp street market (open daily, except on Sundays) is reachable in","Brand new private studio with private entrance, private bathroom, queen bed and basic kitchenette. Contains everything you need for a short stay. Ideal for couples, business travelers (10 mins away from RAI convention center), leisure travelers or 2 good friends (please note it is not possible to add extra beds. Maximum number of guests is 2). Easy access from the street. Enjoy Amsterdam fully! This accommodation unit is a little private studio/room inside of our apartment. It has a private entrance, private fully equipped bathroom with shower, queen sized real bed and a kitchenette with coffee and tea facilities. It offers easy entrance from the street. The room contains also comfortable table and chairs. There is high speed Wi-Fi access and it is ideal for working on a lap-top.  It is possible to park in front of the apartment for certain amount of hours for discounted prices. Amstel river, Museum quarter, Heineken Experience, beautiful Amsterdam parks and RAI convention center withi","De Pijp district is one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. Formerly a working class quarter built to ease the overpopulated Jordaan in the 19th century and to house laborers, de Pijp as we Amsterdammers know it today is without doubt a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. You can indulge yourself for hours in Amsterdam’s lively Latin Quarter, with its colorful mix of cuisines, terraces and convivial cafés. From the beautiful landscaped gardens of Sarphatipark to the famous Albert Cuypmarkt street market, De Pijp oozes beatnik flair from every angle. Our apartment is on a quiet residential street in the New Pijp, around the corner from Van Woustraat, where you will find cafes, restaurants, supermarkets, local shops and great tram connections. The heart of the city and RAI convention centre are both reachable in less than 15 minutes by tram.","Tram 4 is around the corner and within 10-15 minutes connects to city center (Dam / Flower Market / Spui / Kalverstraat), Amsterdam Central Station and the RAI convention center and train station. Tram 3 is 7 minutes away by foot and connects to the Museum district and Leidseplein within 5-10 minutes. From Schiphol airport, take a train to Amsterdam RAI and then tram 4 to Amstelkade, or take a train to Amsterdam Central Station and tram 4 to Amstelkade. Tip: the train ride to Central Station is longer because it goes around the city. Via RAI Station travel time is usually 25 - 35 minutes from the airport. If you want to take taxi you can call (Phone number hidden by Airbnb)","Please respect our neighbors, no parties and no loud noise after 9 pm. Smoking is allowed in the kitchen (with closed door and open window) and in the garden. The rest of the house must be kept smoke-free."
