"We offer this private bedroom with queen size bed in a modern home. With possible free car park, on a first come, first serve basis so not 100% guaranteed. Clean sheets, towels and WIFI access are included. The city center and airport are both easily reached within 15 min with public transport. See you soon!","Dear Guest, In case of unavailability of your desired dates for this listing please check if my other listings are available! Comfortable and bright, the modern room features a queen-size bed, large windows.  The communal bathroom contains a bathtub and shower.  We also offer other private guest rooms with queen sized beds in our home. In fact, the rooms are offered separately, but 2 can be requested together.","We offer this private bedroom with queen size bed in a modern home. With possible free car park, on a first come, first serve basis so not 100% guaranteed. Clean sheets, towels and WIFI access are included. The city center and airport are both easily reached within 15 min with public transport. See you soon! Dear Guest, In case of unavailability of your desired dates for this listing please check if my other listings are available! Comfortable and bright, the modern room features a queen-size bed, large windows.  The communal bathroom contains a bathtub and shower.  We also offer other private guest rooms with queen sized beds in our home. In fact, the rooms are offered separately, but 2 can be requested together. The communal bathroom contains a bathtub, and shower. The WC is separate, and smoking on the balcony only. Guests can enjoy free Wi-Fi and free parking facilities are available on request only. In case another guest has taken the parking spot: The Amsterdam arena stadium next","Alternatively, guests can find a breakfast cafe nearby. The local area also features several delicious restaurants, a bakery, cafes, a cinema, a shopping center with many convenience stores including 4 well-stocked supermarkets, clothing stores and many more (all starting within 2 min walk). Also you find the Ajax football stadium , the Ziggo dome and AFAS Live music hall, where artists like Beyonce or Sting have performed.","The Metro Station is a short walk away, and provides access to the heart of the city: Central Amsterdam is just a 12-minute subway ride away. The international Airport Amsterdam Schiphol is also just 15 min from our home by a straight train and the motorway A2 is very close-by.","The key to this room CANNOT be inside the room, nor outside the apartment (similar to the apartment key, CANNOT be inside the apartment since you'll lock yourself out when you shut the door behind you). The bedroom lock CAN be closed but isn't 100% at the moment.  Absolutely no smoking inside the house, except for outside on the balcony. The washing room and washing machine are off limits. A confirmed smart phone number is part of our requirements. The hosts might not be there, but they will be electronically available though : ) There might be other people at the apartment, especially during peak times."
