,"Spacious ground floor apartment with private entrance and garden in quiet street in lively, popular and friendly Old West neighborhood. Ten minutes walking distance from Leidseplein, Rijks and Van Gogh Museum and Ten Kate market. Next to Vondelpark and lots of nice restaurants, small shops and cafes close by. From farmhouse cheese & dairy store, Italian coffee corner, chocolaterie and good luch room to trendy bar with excellent cocktails, tipical 'brown Amsterdam cafe', best pizza restaurant, bike shop and exclusive clothing boutiques... all just around the corner!  Apartment is recently renovated with central heating, oak wooden floor, floor heated bath room with big bathtub and separate toilet.   It contains 2 rooms: one large living space with open kitchen and one small, cosy bedroom with double Queensize bed (brand new mattress). One extra mattress for a third person is present. The sunny garden is a sheltered place to drink your coffee in the morning sun or for a private dinner at","Spacious ground floor apartment with private entrance and garden in quiet street in lively, popular and friendly Old West neighborhood. Ten minutes walking distance from Leidseplein, Rijks and Van Gogh Museum and Ten Kate market. Next to Vondelpark and lots of nice restaurants, small shops and cafes close by. From farmhouse cheese & dairy store, Italian coffee corner, chocolaterie and good luch room to trendy bar with excellent cocktails, tipical 'brown Amsterdam cafe', best pizza restaurant, bike shop and exclusive clothing boutiques... all just around the corner!  Apartment is recently renovated with central heating, oak wooden floor, floor heated bath room with big bathtub and separate toilet.   It contains 2 rooms: one large living space with open kitchen and one small, cosy bedroom with double Queensize bed (brand new mattress). One extra mattress for a third person is present. The sunny garden is a sheltered place to drink your coffee in the morning sun or for a private dinner at",,,
