"When you open the gate to enter our mooring, you get the feeling you've found paradise in  Amsterdam .....and its true! Private studio on board with your own kitchen, bathroom, Entrance and  sundeck with the view of the windmill, green surroundings.. If you leave the room clean;  We do not charge extra cleaning cost like most AirBNB rentals!!!","The studio is build in the cargohull of the 100 year old ship with its own modern entrance, bathroom, kitchen . Views of the windmill and city skyline from the private sundeck. Very green surroundings in the quiet centre part of Amsterdam, walking distance of the Dappermarket, Artis Zoo, IJ beer brewery, lots of bars and restaurants etc etc. For the entrance you have your own private gangway.","When you open the gate to enter our mooring, you get the feeling you've found paradise in  Amsterdam .....and its true! Private studio on board with your own kitchen, bathroom, Entrance and  sundeck with the view of the windmill, green surroundings.. If you leave the room clean;  We do not charge extra cleaning cost like most AirBNB rentals!!! The studio is build in the cargohull of the 100 year old ship with its own modern entrance, bathroom, kitchen . Views of the windmill and city skyline from the private sundeck. Very green surroundings in the quiet centre part of Amsterdam, walking distance of the Dappermarket, Artis Zoo, IJ beer brewery, lots of bars and restaurants etc etc. For the entrance you have your own private gangway. You have you're own private space on our boat with private entry and gangway The studio has a bathroom with heavenly shower, sink and toilet. Soft towels big and small. A basic kitchenette with fridge, water boiler and coffee machine. We provide some basic n","Quiet part of town. Wide water, close to city center. The view of Hollands largest wooden windmill  and amongst our neighbors is Amsterdam's most popular brewery ""het IJ""  A daily market (Dappermarkt)  Artis Zoo There are also many ethnic shops and ' hip' restaurants& gin & tonic bars nearby.  ""Indische Buurt"" which is known for it's turkish and maroccan markets and shops.  Tropenmuseum , Verzetsmuseum & Scheepvaart museum, Botanic garden The nights are quiet here and when you are having your morning coffee/breakfast, you might get unexpected visits from a local swan family or a flock of ducks looking for some hand-outs.","busses and trams 2 mins away From central station;  take bus no 22  towards ""Indische buurt"" and get out at Oostenburgergracht  (5 minutes) and across the canal you see the boat already... Parking: there is a parking garage nearby   €10,- for 24 hrs. Parking in the street nearby the boat is also possible, 24hrs ticket costs €27",Smoking outside.
