"Private one bedroom apartment (with bathroom, kitchen and living room) on a 'shared' houseboat (2 sides) which can sleep up to 4 guests. One half of the boat I live and then the other half is private for guests.  We have a shared front main door and hall, then guests have keys to a second internal front door to the private apartment.   Great location right in the centre so you are in walking distance to all major tourist spots.  Check out what others have said about our boat.","The Axo Houseboat is a self-catering apartment with the comfort of home. You have your own kitchen, bathroom, double bedroom and living room. It's has a light and roomy living area with 2 sofas beds, in case the kids don't want to sleep together, and a large dinning table. There's a speaker connection for your ipod, ipad or mp3 player and a flat screen TV with premium tv channels. But you might find watching the boats go by more interesting.  The bed in the bedroom can also be made up as 2 single and with 2 single or double sofa beds in the living room it's perfect for friends as well as a family. The Axo Houseboat has solid oak floors, new kitchen, bathroom and furnished tastefully with attention to detail and lighting to create the right mood. The boat is as beautiful inside as the view is outside. Situated on the Amstel canal next to Rembrandt Square, the Axo is bang in the centre of town. Every August is Gay Pride with the famous canal parade on the 2nd which goes right past our bo","Private one bedroom apartment (with bathroom, kitchen and living room) on a 'shared' houseboat (2 sides) which can sleep up to 4 guests. One half of the boat I live and then the other half is private for guests.  We have a shared front main door and hall, then guests have keys to a second internal front door to the private apartment.   Great location right in the centre so you are in walking distance to all major tourist spots.  Check out what others have said about our boat. The Axo Houseboat is a self-catering apartment with the comfort of home. You have your own kitchen, bathroom, double bedroom and living room. It's has a light and roomy living area with 2 sofas beds, in case the kids don't want to sleep together, and a large dinning table. There's a speaker connection for your ipod, ipad or mp3 player and a flat screen TV with premium tv channels. But you might find watching the boats go by more interesting.  The bed in the bedroom can also be made up as 2 single and with 2 single","Being right in the centre, you really do have everything on your door step. Just round the corner you will find the famous floating Flower Market, the Opera house and music hall (Stopera), the Zoo (Artis), Hermitage Museum and canal tour boats. In fact almost everything is walkable and there is so much to see. And with every type of restaurant on your doorstep, you might not want to cook.","To get around,  your legs are the best option but you have a tram stop and Metro station a minute away so if you do want to venture out further it's not a problem.  You can also hire bikes just down the road. A great way to see the city.","We are looking for respectful guests and although we want you to have a great time during your stay it is not meant as a place to host a party. That's not to say you can't celebrate some special event we just ask it doesn't get out of hand. Also only the guest booked are allowed on the property without further permission.   Just clean up, do you dishes and put rubbish in the bins. We have a new rule regarding smoking (which is not allowed inside). On check-in you will need to provide a credit card for a pre-authorisation of 150 Euros and if when you check out there is the obvious smell of smoking we have a 50 euros penalty.  The other is for extreme damages.   If you do not agree then please do not book.  Sorry but this is due to many guests not following the rules and Airbnb's security deposit will not cover us for smoking penalty.  If you are respectful then this will not be a problem and no charges will be made."
