Close to the Vondelpark and public transport to City Center: Spacious and light apartment with a sunny garden in a quiet & friendly area in Amsterdam South.  The house is renovated in 2017 and has a retro interior and a huge design kitchen with a bar. A perfect place to relax during your visit to beautiful Amsterdam! The neighborhood offers nice restaurants and bars. Public transport to the City Center and the main Train stations is on 5 min. walking distance.,"Our beautiful ground floor apartment is situated in the south of Amsterdam, nearby the Vondelpark. It has a spacious living room with acces to the garden. You can enjoy the sun in the afternoon there. The stylish black kitchen is equipped with a huge stove and oven, an espresso machine, water boiler, a dishwasher, a lot of cooking tools and spices.  The apartment has a comfortable bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a nice rain shower and a separate toilet.","Close to the Vondelpark and public transport to City Center: Spacious and light apartment with a sunny garden in a quiet & friendly area in Amsterdam South.  The house is renovated in 2017 and has a retro interior and a huge design kitchen with a bar. A perfect place to relax during your visit to beautiful Amsterdam! The neighborhood offers nice restaurants and bars. Public transport to the City Center and the main Train stations is on 5 min. walking distance. Our beautiful ground floor apartment is situated in the south of Amsterdam, nearby the Vondelpark. It has a spacious living room with acces to the garden. You can enjoy the sun in the afternoon there. The stylish black kitchen is equipped with a huge stove and oven, an espresso machine, water boiler, a dishwasher, a lot of cooking tools and spices.  The apartment has a comfortable bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a nice rain shower and a separate toilet. Our guests will have access to the living room with open kitchen a","The Hoofddorppleinbuurt is a part of Amsterdam Zuid, it was built in the thirties. It is very close to the Vondelpark (10 minutes walking distance).   The neighborhood is quiet and friendly but has a lot to offer. There are very nice shops, cafes, bars and restaurants close by. A few suggestions: >> Caffenation, Warmondstraat 120: Great coffee and a relaxed atmosphere. >> Lokaal van de Stad, Heemstedestraat 68: Just opened and already a favourite! Only a 2 minutes walk and the perfect place for a drink in the evening sun.   >> Gent aan de Schinkel, Theophile de Bockstraat 1: Wonderful terrace, nice beers and tasty food.  >> Drovers Dog, Heemstedestraat 25: Nice spot for breakfast and lunch >> Vondeltuin, Vondelpark 7: A very relaxed place for a drink and a snack just after entering the Vondelpark from the Amstelveenseweg >> Helder, Aalsmeerweg 96h: Nice restaurant with outside seats, great place for a relaxed dinner >> Foodbar 63 graden, Woestduinstraat 6: Amazing food and a very frien","Public transport is only a 5 minutes walk from the house. Tram 2 brings you to Museum square, the city center and the central train station, bus 15 drives between Amsterdam Zuid train station and Amsterdam Sloterdijk train station.","GENERAL HOUSE RULES Thanks for booking our place. We hope that you will have a great time here. Below you’ll find some general house rules and instructions. Please read them carefully and enjoy your stay. Not allowed: - Extra guests - Smoking anywhere inside the building (outside in the garden is okay) - House parties, drugs and/or loud music Garbage: - Please take the garbage out and dump it in a container outside (across the street). More information can be found in the information book in the house. Keys: - Please be careful with the keys. If you lose a set, we have to charge you the costs for replacing the locks. - Never leave the key inside the lock on the inside of the door when you leave the house. If that happens, the door can’t be opened from the outside and we have to call a locksmith. - If you lock yourself out, any potential costs for the locksmith will be charged to you. --------------------------------------------------------- ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE Check-in: - The check-i"
