"Welcome to my cozy apartment, just ten minutes from the city centre, with great public transport connections. The living room is very big and light, with floor to ceiling windows, comfortable furniture.  What's in store? Well,everything a house should have. I live in it, and I love it! The area is up and coming, with nice shops, restaurants and bars. 4 parks are all within a 10 minute walk or bike ride. Come stay at my place, and I'll make sure it's a pleasant one!","Hi! You are very welcome to stay at my cozy apartment, close to the city centre (just 10 minutes from the centre by bike). Great public transport and road connections to all the hotspots and the airport.  The living room is very big and light, with floor to ceiling windows, comfortable furniture and big screen tv.  The bedroom has a comfy double bed with all furrniture to make your stay a pleasant one. What's in store? Well,everything a house should have. I live in it, and I love it! The area is up and coming. A lot of young people are coming into the neighborhood, and a lot of nice shops are following suit. 4 parks are all within a 10 minute walk or bike ride. Come stay at my place, and I'll make sure you have a pleasant stay! Cheers, Elmar","Welcome to my cozy apartment, just ten minutes from the city centre, with great public transport connections. The living room is very big and light, with floor to ceiling windows, comfortable furniture.  What's in store? Well,everything a house should have. I live in it, and I love it! The area is up and coming, with nice shops, restaurants and bars. 4 parks are all within a 10 minute walk or bike ride. Come stay at my place, and I'll make sure it's a pleasant one! Hi! You are very welcome to stay at my cozy apartment, close to the city centre (just 10 minutes from the centre by bike). Great public transport and road connections to all the hotspots and the airport.  The living room is very big and light, with floor to ceiling windows, comfortable furniture and big screen tv.  The bedroom has a comfy double bed with all furrniture to make your stay a pleasant one. What's in store? Well,everything a house should have. I live in it, and I love it! The area is up and coming. A lot of young",,Very close to tram and bus connections to the centre and the airport. Bike rental next to my place.,
