,"Trendy B&B just off the Amstel River and on the edge of the center of town. The B&B is located in the popular Weesperzijde area, just steps away from the Amstel Hotel and Royal Theatre Carré. In the immediate vicinity you will find a variety of cafes & restaurants including the hip and happening Café Restaurant De Ysbreker, Café Loetje and Bagels & Beans. There are several new and old museums to choose from in walking distance such as the just re-opened Contemporary Museum of Art (Stedelijk museum), the Hermitage Museum (2009) and Artis Zoo. Tram and metro are just around the corner and will get you to the hart of the city within minutes, such as the lovely Jordaan (Soho of Amsterdam) and also very convenient for Schiphol Airport and the Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre. The B&B is in a traditional eighteenth century Amsterdam brownstone, it has a private entrance and features a luxurious private bathroom. In addition, the room has a luxurious king size box spring, a buil","Trendy B&B just off the Amstel River and on the edge of the center of town. The B&B is located in the popular Weesperzijde area, just steps away from the Amstel Hotel and Royal Theatre Carré. In the immediate vicinity you will find a variety of cafes & restaurants including the hip and happening Café Restaurant De Ysbreker, Café Loetje and Bagels & Beans. There are several new and old museums to choose from in walking distance such as the just re-opened Contemporary Museum of Art (Stedelijk museum), the Hermitage Museum (2009) and Artis Zoo. Tram and metro are just around the corner and will get you to the hart of the city within minutes, such as the lovely Jordaan (Soho of Amsterdam) and also very convenient for Schiphol Airport and the Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre. The B&B is in a traditional eighteenth century Amsterdam brownstone, it has a private entrance and features a luxurious private bathroom. In addition, the room has a luxurious king size box spring, a buil",,,
