"We host guests in one of our 2 rooms real home. We live in the other one. It has a very comfy double bed and closet space. The apartment is very well located, walking distance from most attractions, and it has very good public transport reach (50mts, metro and bus). We are a couple, very friendly and relaxed. World travelers ourselves, with a lot of experience in home staying bot as guests and hosts. We are always glad to help, share and respect your time and space.","In the spirit of shared economy, we share our real home. It has our positive, loving vibes. It is also in the centre but in a quiet area. Our apartment is in the second floor of a stylish old-Amsterdam building. It is located in a very cool neighborhood full with restaurants, cafes, and very close to parks, street markets, museums, university, botanical garden, local brewery, Amstel river... where you can enjoy the daily routine of the city (which has much more to offer than the typical highlights) and feel as a real Amsterdammer (inhabitant of Amsterdam).","We host guests in one of our 2 rooms real home. We live in the other one. It has a very comfy double bed and closet space. The apartment is very well located, walking distance from most attractions, and it has very good public transport reach (50mts, metro and bus). We are a couple, very friendly and relaxed. World travelers ourselves, with a lot of experience in home staying bot as guests and hosts. We are always glad to help, share and respect your time and space. In the spirit of shared economy, we share our real home. It has our positive, loving vibes. It is also in the centre but in a quiet area. Our apartment is in the second floor of a stylish old-Amsterdam building. It is located in a very cool neighborhood full with restaurants, cafes, and very close to parks, street markets, museums, university, botanical garden, local brewery, Amstel river... where you can enjoy the daily routine of the city (which has much more to offer than the typical highlights) and feel as a real Amster","It is located in a very cool neighborhood full with restaurants, cafes, and very close to parks, street markets, museums, university, botanical garden, local brewery, Amstel river... where you can enjoy the daily routine of the city (which has much more to offer than the typical highlights) and feel as a real Amsterdammer (inhabitant of Amsterdam).","It is a few meters from Weesperplein station (Metro 51, 53, 54 and Tram 7 and 10). But you can also walk or bike everywhere, since the apartment is in the center Amsterdam.  The best way to get to the apartment from the airport is by train to Central Station. There are trains every 20 minutes. At the Central Station take de metro departing from there (any metro departing will do it) to metro station Weesperplein, that is 3 stations from Central. In Weesperplein walk along the Sarphatistraat towards the East and there you go!  Check the address in (Hidden by Airbnb) maps for a better idea.",
