"Fully equipped private room with a spacious terrace, situated in green Amsterdam north district + Free parking. This apartment is only 10 minutes away from the center with the bus station right around the corner.    ","Spacious private modern room. Big sunny terrace. Bathroom with a tub + guest toilet.  Comfortable double bed for 2 + Sofa that can be turned into a bed. The Apartment itself is 125 m2, i live here together with my mother. Most of the time we are out of the house and you are more than welcome to use the rest of the place. We love hosting, respect the privacy of our guests and enjoy helping you get around Amsterdam.  This private room is perfect for 1-2 people. Whether it is business or pleasure that brings you to Amsterdam, this room is superb for either.","Fully equipped private room with a spacious terrace, situated in green Amsterdam north district + Free parking. This apartment is only 10 minutes away from the center with the bus station right around the corner.     Spacious private modern room. Big sunny terrace. Bathroom with a tub + guest toilet.  Comfortable double bed for 2 + Sofa that can be turned into a bed. The Apartment itself is 125 m2, i live here together with my mother. Most of the time we are out of the house and you are more than welcome to use the rest of the place. We love hosting, respect the privacy of our guests and enjoy helping you get around Amsterdam.  This private room is perfect for 1-2 people. Whether it is business or pleasure that brings you to Amsterdam, this room is superb for either. Fast free internet (100 mb/s) Sheets, bedlinen, towels & toileteries Small fridge Samsung lcd tv Nespresso Machine + Water cooker Laundry upon request Netflix & Multimedia TV (for laptop) My mother or I will be here to wel","Green Amsterdam North district. Shopping centre 5 minutes walking distance with multiple supermarkets, shops, bakeries & more. Highway ring very near & free parking is available. Multiple parks in the area. ","Bus station is right around the corner of the apartment, day / night connections, will take you to central station & city centre in 10 minutes. Free parking is available. From central station: Dam square - Jordaan District -  9 streets - Canal Ring - Red Light District and more are all walking distance.",
