"Studio53Amsterdam, just near  the Anne Frank House. Take a seat on our bench and see life happen in the Jordaan. The studio with private entrance is fully equipped to ensure a relaxed and carefree stay in Amsterdam. We live upstairs,so we shared the hallway ( our mixed zone :) )","Located in the very popular Jordaan neighbourhood, NL 53  is a comfortable studio on the ground floor. All things you may possibly need are there for you. The kitchenette is fully equipped for a lunch or a quick dinner and the en-suite bathroom is solely for your own use.  Although the apartment is intended for two people, we can arrange a small bed for a baby from 0 - 1 year (free) or a bed for a child from 1-12 years (at an extra charge of 30 euros).","Studio53Amsterdam, just near  the Anne Frank House. Take a seat on our bench and see life happen in the Jordaan. The studio with private entrance is fully equipped to ensure a relaxed and carefree stay in Amsterdam. We live upstairs,so we shared the hallway ( our mixed zone :) ) Located in the very popular Jordaan neighbourhood, NL 53  is a comfortable studio on the ground floor. All things you may possibly need are there for you. The kitchenette is fully equipped for a lunch or a quick dinner and the en-suite bathroom is solely for your own use.  Although the apartment is intended for two people, we can arrange a small bed for a baby from 0 - 1 year (free) or a bed for a child from 1-12 years (at an extra charge of 30 euros). The guest have access through the hallway, completely separated from the host. You can go in and out, undisturbed, whenever you want. You will receive a set of keys to the ground floor area and to the studio. We like to welcome every guest. We would like to infor","The Nieuwe Leliestraat is a cosy street surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, stores and markets. The area is in the center of Amsterdam, a UNESCO protected area with many canals and picturesque buildings. It is famous for its small and authentic shops, lovely restaurants, the inner courts called ‘hofjes’ and of course the Anne Frank House.","From the studio NL 53 are all the highlights of Amsterdam easy accessible, on foot, by bike or public transportation. And even by boat; the Hop-on, Hop-off canal cruise has a stop right around the corner. If you want to walk, which you really should do, here are some distances. Trams and busses are a 2 minute walk from the studio. The Anne Frank house and the Westerkerk are also only 2 minutes. ‘9 straatjes’ 5 minutes. The noordermarkt, antiques/flea and fabric market on Mondays and a organic and local food market on Saturday, 10 minutes. Dam Square, 10 minutes. Central Station, 15 minutes. Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, van Gogh museum, 20 minutes.","Please,don`t smoke in the studio but , incase you want to smoke, use the bench in front of the house.  Threat the studio like your own home.  Reservations need to be made for a minimum of 3 nights, unless a shorter stay of 2 nights fits in between other bookings. Even though we try to keep the calendar as up-to-date as possible to provide you with accurate on-line information."
