Welcome in our typical Amsterdam house in the best Amsterdam neighborhood: the Plantage. A green residential area with easy excess to all Amsterdam Hotspots. The famous Historical Zoo is literally around the corner.,"Welcome to our cozy house! We are Caspar and Jetta, proud parents of two children ( and 11 years). We live in a double-floored house with south facing garden. Our house is centrally located in a residential area in close proximity of some interesting sigths: Amsterdam Zoo is just around the corner! As well as several interesting Museums. Tropical Museum, Maritime Museum, Nemo, Resistance Museum, Hortus Botanicus and The Hermitage are all within 15 minutes by foot. We also recommend visiting the green Oosterpark & the Dappermarkt (a colourfull multi ethnic marketplace just around the corner).    Recently we have a new friend in our house, we have a cat! She is very sweet and not a lot of work. This is very important to know, if you have allergies for cats or don't like cats. We will ask you to give the cat food, its very easy and she will not bother you while being in the house.. Are   you into practising Yoga? We can recommend several yogaschools nearby offering walk in classes. You wi","Welcome in our typical Amsterdam house in the best Amsterdam neighborhood: the Plantage. A green residential area with easy excess to all Amsterdam Hotspots. The famous Historical Zoo is literally around the corner. Welcome to our cozy house! We are Caspar and Jetta, proud parents of two children ( and 11 years). We live in a double-floored house with south facing garden. Our house is centrally located in a residential area in close proximity of some interesting sigths: Amsterdam Zoo is just around the corner! As well as several interesting Museums. Tropical Museum, Maritime Museum, Nemo, Resistance Museum, Hortus Botanicus and The Hermitage are all within 15 minutes by foot. We also recommend visiting the green Oosterpark & the Dappermarkt (a colourfull multi ethnic marketplace just around the corner).    Recently we have a new friend in our house, we have a cat! She is very sweet and not a lot of work. This is very important to know, if you have allergies for cats or don't like cats.",,"The historical center with al its shops, restaurants and nightlife is just 10 minutes by bike. Public transport (tram, bus, subway) stops can by found around the corner, so is the whole city is at your disposal.","Sorry, no pets allowed ;-(  And please keep in mind that we have a non smoking policy. But you can have your smoke of course in our great garden! And also... please note this is a quiet resedential area."
