"Nice, spacious apartment, with two bedrooms (super comfortable beds!), fully equipped kitchen and bright living room with nice couch. Situated in vibrant neighbourhood with lots of trendy bars and restaurants close by!","Nice, spacious apartment, with two bedrooms, one with comfortable Queen bed, one with bunk bed (ideal for family with kids!), fully equipped kitchen, bright living room with nice couch and big screen. Situated in vibrant neighbourhood with trendy bars and restaurants close by!","Nice, spacious apartment, with two bedrooms (super comfortable beds!), fully equipped kitchen and bright living room with nice couch. Situated in vibrant neighbourhood with lots of trendy bars and restaurants close by! Nice, spacious apartment, with two bedrooms, one with comfortable Queen bed, one with bunk bed (ideal for family with kids!), fully equipped kitchen, bright living room with nice couch and big screen. Situated in vibrant neighbourhood with trendy bars and restaurants close by! Kitchen, bathroom, shower, living room, bedrooms, balcony incl. Weber BBQ. I respect people's privacy and won't be in the apartment. If you would like to meet, please let me know, because I would love to interact and show you my favourite spots. Amsterdam Oost (East) is a multicultural neighbourhood, up and coming with lots of trendy shops, bars (coffee/craft beer/cocktails), amazing restaurants and two big parks to chill or work out. I love to live here, because people are friendly, down to earth,","Amsterdam Oost (East) is a multicultural neighbourhood, up and coming with lots of trendy shops, bars (coffee/craft beer/cocktails), amazing restaurants and two big parks to chill or work out. I love to live here, because people are friendly, down to earth, it’s not so busy and it has easy gateways to other parts of town. The centre of the city is about ten minutes by tram or bike. Places you might like: Biertuin, brewery ‘t IJ, StudioK, Volkshotel, bar Bukowski. Artis Zoo is close by.","From Schiphol airport you can take a taxi to the apartment (about 60 euro), or take a train to Amsterdam Central Station. From Central Station: bus 22 (to Indische buurt), exit at Veelaan, then a 1 min. walk, or tram 26 (to IJburg) exit at Rietlandpark, which is 8 min. walk.  Easy option from the apartment to the centre is tram 14 leaving at Javaplein, which will drop you off at Rembrandtsquare. If you like to see more options, please check (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Bike rental is near by. By car: Unfortunately there's no free parking near by. There's a big parking lot next to my apartment, fees are 3 euro per hour Monday-Saturday 09:00 - 21:00, free on Sunday. There is a so-called Park ride sport near by (check: (Website hidden by Airbnb) called Zeeburg. Fee is 1 euro per 24 hours in the weekend and then you will need a bus ticket, which is 2.60 euro per person. If you take this option, from the parking lot you will need to take bus 37 (that goes towards Amstelstation) and exit at s",No smoking inside and please respect my neighbours.
