"Amsterdam Centre (Jordaan) clean, private bedroom & balcony on 4th floor (NO ELEVATOR) and amazing roofterrace. Very central and quite located, close to all trams, busses, Anne Frank House, Westerchurch and famous 9 Streets, restaurants and shops.","Light, quiet but small private bedroom with your own balcony on South with French bistroset. Big Wardrobe and bed (80x200cm) for 1 person which can be extended (150x200cm) for 2 persons. If you love you partner (straight or gay) you dont need much space. The balcony is ideal to have breakfast, coffee or a drink to relax after a day site seeing. Apartment is on 4th floor and there is no elevator, which is good for the legs muscles. I am willing to carry your lugguage upstairs as long as it is not to heavy.","Amsterdam Centre (Jordaan) clean, private bedroom & balcony on 4th floor (NO ELEVATOR) and amazing roofterrace. Very central and quite located, close to all trams, busses, Anne Frank House, Westerchurch and famous 9 Streets, restaurants and shops. Light, quiet but small private bedroom with your own balcony on South with French bistroset. Big Wardrobe and bed (80x200cm) for 1 person which can be extended (150x200cm) for 2 persons. If you love you partner (straight or gay) you dont need much space. The balcony is ideal to have breakfast, coffee or a drink to relax after a day site seeing. Apartment is on 4th floor and there is no elevator, which is good for the legs muscles. I am willing to carry your lugguage upstairs as long as it is not to heavy. Access to toilet, bathroom with shower and bath, free use of towels (big or small), shampoo, shower gel, free wireless internet. Use of livingroom with cable TV, big sofa, dining table and open kitchen. Also access to private roofterrace (ta","The Jordaan is an area with nice restaurants, shops. Breakfast can be taken at Broodje Mokum which is on the corner and open from 07:00 am. Albert Hein (grocerie store) open from 08:00 till 22:00 every day.",All trams and busses are 2 minutes walking distance.,I like my apartment clean and no pets are allowed. Smoking on the balcony and roofterrace. No guests can taken home in principle. No loud music or noise after 22:00 pm.
