"It concerns a private bedroom in my apartment where I live. Towels  are provided, a black travel hairdryer is present. Fridge can be used for your groceries and the pinball is on free play. In the bedroom is a 40 inch flatscreen. You can smoke tobacco or weed in the kitchen. Pinball high score is 657 mln by PHI  from Germany. Pinball is on free play. Show your skills, beat the high score.","A private bedroom with a shared bathroom, living room and kitchen in an 17th century canal storehouse. The loft bedroom is in a very cool and safe neighbourhood.","It concerns a private bedroom in my apartment where I live. Towels  are provided, a black travel hairdryer is present. Fridge can be used for your groceries and the pinball is on free play. In the bedroom is a 40 inch flatscreen. You can smoke tobacco or weed in the kitchen. Pinball high score is 657 mln by PHI  from Germany. Pinball is on free play. Show your skills, beat the high score. A private bedroom with a shared bathroom, living room and kitchen in an 17th century canal storehouse. The loft bedroom is in a very cool and safe neighbourhood. Kitchen and living room are shared with me, you can be there to your liking. Please respect my loft and treat it gentle and with care otherwise I kick you out. You can smoke in kitchen. Weed, hash or tobacco. I have grinders and bongs if needed. I have a private bedroom which is off limits.  Don't smoke in your bedroom do it in the living room or kitchen. While you are staying I'm available for you and want to help you have a wonderful time i","The loft room is in the northern part of the Jordaan. A quiet village in the centre of Amsterdam. Best shopping street of Amsterdam only 20 meters away. Dam square the centre of Amsterdam is also really close, only 15 minutes walk. Amsterdam central station is a 10 minutes walk. Anna Frank house is one street away.","The apartment is very central to everything you want in Amsterdam. No need to rent a bike or call a cab, walk it. The building has an elevator for easy access.",You can smoke tobacco or weed in the kitchen.  You get a key for building and loft entrance. Enter and leave when you want. Leave bathroom door open when done.
