"Neat room with 1 double bed in toplocation in Amsterdam, with a shared bathroom. Just three minutes walk to the tramstop. By tram within 12 minutes in the center (central station Amsterdam) or take one of the night buses. Simple, clean, quiet, new, modern and beautiful area. Easy check in and check out. Only 1 stairs to reach the room, in a very new house. We respect your privacy.","Neat private room. Luxury bathroom, shared with some other guests, not shared with the owner. The room has four places to sleep. The lovely shared bathroom is new, big and clean and even has a bath. On toplocation with architectural houses. Just three minutes walk to the tramstop. By tram within 12 minutes in the center (central station Amsterdam). Public transportation runs 24 hours from the center to the house, including the nightbus (during the day the tram runs every 6 minutes).  High speed wireless internet, clean sheets and towels are all included. Late check-in is no problem, early check-in can be arranged most of the time. Before 1pm bags and suitcases can be left behind (just drop off) if check-in is not yet possible. City beaches (Blijburg and Diemerpark) within 10 min. by bike, Schiphol (Amsterdam Airport) is 20 min. by car. No young kids due to neighbors in the other room. You wil be hosted by my wife or me, just let us know the time you expect to arrive at our place, so we","Neat room with 1 double bed in toplocation in Amsterdam, with a shared bathroom. Just three minutes walk to the tramstop. By tram within 12 minutes in the center (central station Amsterdam) or take one of the night buses. Simple, clean, quiet, new, modern and beautiful area. Easy check in and check out. Only 1 stairs to reach the room, in a very new house. We respect your privacy. Neat private room. Luxury bathroom, shared with some other guests, not shared with the owner. The room has four places to sleep. The lovely shared bathroom is new, big and clean and even has a bath. On toplocation with architectural houses. Just three minutes walk to the tramstop. By tram within 12 minutes in the center (central station Amsterdam). Public transportation runs 24 hours from the center to the house, including the nightbus (during the day the tram runs every 6 minutes).  High speed wireless internet, clean sheets and towels are all included. Late check-in is no problem, early check-in can be arra",,"Take the TRAIN from Amsterdam Airport (Schiphol) to amsterdam central station (about 20 min.) then change to TRAM 26 in the direction of IJburg, after 12 min. is our tramstop named ""Steigereiland"". From that tramstop walk back a little on IJBURGLAAN, then within 100 meter is our street on your left. Pedro de Medinalaan. Number 112 is almost at the end of the street on your left. In total it is less than five minutes walk. Please, PRINT OUT this description OR SAFE it in your smartphone, then it will be very easy to find! By car: drive to the circle highway around Amsterdam (A10), take exit S114. At the traffic light follow direction IJburg. After the huge white bridge, turn right at the traffic light and right again immediately. Then first left.","1. No drugs, no smoking nor excessive alcohol allowed, no parties inside the room allowed. Only guests with a positive attitude in life. 2. 24hr entrance 3. Towels are provided. 4. No gathering in the hallway, or on the stairs, to not to disturb other guests in the house. 5. Before arrival, check in time but must be communicated by Airbnb message or phone to the owner to make arrangements. Check out time later than 11am only when approved by owner. 6. Wireless internet available. 10. No shoes wearing in the house to reduce noise and to keep it clean ;-). 11. To reduce noise for other guests, no loud talking and please keep the doors of the sleeping rooms closed."
