"Fully equiped, spacious apartment in quiet neighborhood. Apartment is on the ground level, so no need to lift heavy suitcases on steep stairs. Enjoy lots of privacy, your mini-kitchen and your own private bathroom and washingmachine. The Arena is nearbye. It's also close to the businesscente, AMC and university's. Very comfortable and cosy for those who travel to A'dam for business or college.","E-mail (EMAIL HIDDEN) Chico Mendesstraat 35, 1102 JG, Amsterdam Completely furnished apartement. Near the Bijlmer Boulevard entertainment area (10 minutes walk): Heineken Music Hall, the Arena, Ziggo Dome, Pathe Arena Cinema’s. Don’t miss a show. Apartment is on the ground floor in a quiet neighborhood in Amsterdam Zuidoost. (10 minutes to CS by metro 54). This is a very special area with exotic markets, the famous Kwakoefestival, Surinam toko's, African Music..  Private Bathroom and toilet, washer and dryer, frontgarden, minikitchen, refridgerator, microwave, coffeemachine, heater. flatscreen tv, wifi. Two times single bed; (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN).  I own a small dog. Het name is Ella. She is a bordercollie and very friendly. Pets of guest are welcome. So don’t hesitate visiting Amsterdam and bring you’re dog or cat along. You want to go out without your dog? No problem. I’ll be happy to take care of her/him. So you can enjoy a visit to a museum, concert or movie and your dog will also ","Fully equiped, spacious apartment in quiet neighborhood. Apartment is on the ground level, so no need to lift heavy suitcases on steep stairs. Enjoy lots of privacy, your mini-kitchen and your own private bathroom and washingmachine. The Arena is nearbye. It's also close to the businesscente, AMC and university's. Very comfortable and cosy for those who travel to A'dam for business or college. E-mail (EMAIL HIDDEN) Chico Mendesstraat 35, 1102 JG, Amsterdam Completely furnished apartement. Near the Bijlmer Boulevard entertainment area (10 minutes walk): Heineken Music Hall, the Arena, Ziggo Dome, Pathe Arena Cinema’s. Don’t miss a show. Apartment is on the ground floor in a quiet neighborhood in Amsterdam Zuidoost. (10 minutes to CS by metro 54). This is a very special area with exotic markets, the famous Kwakoefestival, Surinam toko's, African Music..  Private Bathroom and toilet, washer and dryer, frontgarden, minikitchen, refridgerator, microwave, coffeemachine, heater. flatscreen tv","The Bijlmer is a unique area with a predominantly African / Surinamese population. In my neighbourhood, you can find exotic markets, Asian shops and restaurants. It's a real melting pot of cultures. This neighborhood also  has plenty of greenery and nature closeby. You'll also find the headquarters of major companies. So if you're here for business, my apartment may be just what you're looking for.",The apartment is 10 a minutes walk away from the metro and the shoppin (Hidden by Airbnb) .,"No more than 2 guests.  Pets allowed.  No other guests beside those who checked-in to the studio.   Linen, toilet paper, soap and towels are included.  Laundry service is available (for an additional 10 euro fee). During your stay you will receive the key of the front door. The key is unique and hard (expensive) to replace. Please do not lose the key. The fridge will be filled with milk, yoghurt, butter and cheese and ham. Ofcourse there is gelly, coffe and tea. Please, let me know if you are a vegetarian. For internet connection, Networkname and Password is ...  You'll get that once you're here!. Please respect my neighbours;  Don't talk to them. Funny rule, I know. But they appreciate their privacy very much. Enter and leave the studio quietly. No loud music. Check in; Let me know in advance what is the best time for you. I can even pick you up at the airport.    Check out; Flexible * No smoking inside. * No drugs allowed. Should the studio suffer any loss or damage as a result of an"
