"Beautiful cosy and spacious apartament completely reformed on the old center by the Amsterdam Museum. 1 min walking from Dam Square, 2 min to Flower Market, 5 min to Red Light District, Rembrandt Square or Anna Frank's house.","It's a historic building from XVIII on 2 floors full equipment. Unique, beautiful, cosy and spacious house completely restored on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Beautiful cosy and spacious historical house, on 2 floors completely reformed on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Short walk to all the main place on the city.1 min walking from Dam Square, 2 min to Flower Market, 5 min to Red Light District, Rembrandt Square or Anna Frank's house, on the best location historical center. It's a shared bathroom, kitchen and living room. I use to give preference for my guest used the shared areas.  Amsterdam is a great city,the location is perfect for short or long stay. Very central whit plenty of shop, museums, bars, clubs, coffee shops and restaurant around the area. I have a female friendly cat call Shanti","Beautiful cosy and spacious apartament completely reformed on the old center by the Amsterdam Museum. 1 min walking from Dam Square, 2 min to Flower Market, 5 min to Red Light District, Rembrandt Square or Anna Frank's house. It's a historic building from XVIII on 2 floors full equipment. Unique, beautiful, cosy and spacious house completely restored on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Beautiful cosy and spacious historical house, on 2 floors completely reformed on the old center by the Amsterdam History Museum. Short walk to all the main place on the city.1 min walking from Dam Square, 2 min to Flower Market, 5 min to Red Light District, Rembrandt Square or Anna Frank's house, on the best location historical center. It's a shared bathroom, kitchen and living room. I use to give preference for my guest used the shared areas.  Amsterdam is a great city,the location is perfect for short or long stay. Very central whit plenty of shop, museums, bars, clubs, coffee shops and ","The best location in town.Fully of shop, restaurant,terrace,coffee shop,museum,transport,etc. Just 1 min walk you are in Dam Square full a tram stop and 3 stop away to central station.1 min walk to Flower Market 2 min walk to Rembrandt Square, Red light District. 10 min walk to Leidse Square or Hard Rock Cafe.","From the airport you can take a train to Amsterdam Central Station(every 15min at day time and 30 min after midnight). From Central Station you can walk ( about 1 km ) or you can take a tram. The public transport stop's name is "" Spui "" or "" Flower Market "" Trams number 1, 2, 5. at Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal Street. It's only 2 or 3 stops away from Central Station.","All the people are welcome and have to be respectful .You have to know how to live in the house  , good ambient , friendly . You  can smoke (  be careful under your responsibility ) and be happy. No house parties, respect the neighbor and the neighborhood. Welcome to Amsterdam."
