Hi! My apartment has 3 rooms and a kitchen where you can enjoy diner/breakfast while enjoying the sunlight. The bed is huge and soft. Available for 2 friends or a couple. The place is 10 min. to the city center by tram and a 30 minutes walk.,"My apartment has been renovated in 2006. I think the USP of my house would be my bed: it's huge and very soft, good for your back :).  I redecorated the place a little bit in 2015 so the interior is slightly different than as shown on the pics. It's a bit more cosy now. It has 3 rooms: a living room with flat-screen TV (no cable TV, but if there are 2 HDMI cables to plug in your laptop), a large dining room and a cozy, spacious and very bright kitchen where you can have breakfast or dinner while the sun comes up or goes down. It also has a balcony where you can relax and have a drink. The total surface is 75m2. There is free and fast wifi in the app. Public transport is around the corner and brings you to the city centre in 10 minutes.","Hi! My apartment has 3 rooms and a kitchen where you can enjoy diner/breakfast while enjoying the sunlight. The bed is huge and soft. Available for 2 friends or a couple. The place is 10 min. to the city center by tram and a 30 minutes walk. My apartment has been renovated in 2006. I think the USP of my house would be my bed: it's huge and very soft, good for your back :).  I redecorated the place a little bit in 2015 so the interior is slightly different than as shown on the pics. It's a bit more cosy now. It has 3 rooms: a living room with flat-screen TV (no cable TV, but if there are 2 HDMI cables to plug in your laptop), a large dining room and a cozy, spacious and very bright kitchen where you can have breakfast or dinner while the sun comes up or goes down. It also has a balcony where you can relax and have a drink. The total surface is 75m2. There is free and fast wifi in the app. Public transport is around the corner and brings you to the city centre in 10 minutes. Only you wil",As mentioned the neighborhood is called De Baarsjes and it is situated in the western part of Amsterdam. This area is really upcoming with lots of nice shops and bars and restaurants.,The public transport trams stop is just around the corner. The three trams that stop there bring you everywhere you need to go.,"No smoking. Be friendly to my neighbors. Don't walk inside with high heels or other hard shoes, it's pretty noisy."
