"A nice, sunny and quiet apartment close to all the famous musea of Amsterdam. With lovely foodmarkets (De Hallen) and shops around the corner and nice, populair bars and restaurants close by. Easy to reach by public transport.","A beautiful apartment close to the centre of Amsterdam. Located on the fourth floor (no elevator) of a characteristic Amsterdam house build around 1900. But nicely renovated 3 years ago. Spacious living, fully equipped modern open kitchen with 6 burner gas cooker and lots of utilities. 3 small bedrooms; one with a double bed, one with two singles and one with a small double (or a big single ;-). Nice old wooden floor. And a very sunny balcony. Also with wireless internet. However very close to all the tourists attractions, the apartment itself is very quiet, sunny and idyllic. It is possible to park your car in front of the apartment, but it is paid parking. But there is a carparking close by where you can park and get Public transport ticket at the same time. Park + ride at the Olympiaplein.","A nice, sunny and quiet apartment close to all the famous musea of Amsterdam. With lovely foodmarkets (De Hallen) and shops around the corner and nice, populair bars and restaurants close by. Easy to reach by public transport. A beautiful apartment close to the centre of Amsterdam. Located on the fourth floor (no elevator) of a characteristic Amsterdam house build around 1900. But nicely renovated 3 years ago. Spacious living, fully equipped modern open kitchen with 6 burner gas cooker and lots of utilities. 3 small bedrooms; one with a double bed, one with two singles and one with a small double (or a big single ;-). Nice old wooden floor. And a very sunny balcony. Also with wireless internet. However very close to all the tourists attractions, the apartment itself is very quiet, sunny and idyllic. It is possible to park your car in front of the apartment, but it is paid parking. But there is a carparking close by where you can park and get Public transport ticket at the same time. Pa","Jacob van Lennepkade is a street in the old part of West Amsterdam, close to the Overtoom, De Hallen and Vondelpark. There are lots of nice bars and restaurants around. Very close to the Leidseplein, the 9-Streets in the Jordaan area and the Vondelpark. Also close to the P.C. Hooftstraat were the classy shops are. The local market is around the corner and so is the Stedelijk, Rijks and Van Gogh-museum.",It's very easy to reach by public Transport.,please respect my neighbours ;-) it is possible to smoke on the balcony
