"This trendy and comfortable apartment is close to the city centre, Jordaan and Vondelpark. It comfortably fits 3 persons and is within a short distance of the many highlights, restaurants and cafes! Very quiet apartment! It's your home away from home!","The neighbourhood De Baarsjes, is according to CNN 'the most upcoming neighbourhood of Amsterdam'. It is a 5 minute walk to the new and very trendy Foodhallen. It's only 10-minutes towards the old city centre of Amsterdam. It's a non-smoking apartment. No pets are allowed. A tram stop where 2 tram lines stop is a 3-minute walk away. These trams take you all over town. The living room has a big couch and a dining area overlooking Amsterdam street life. At the back of the apartment you will find a comfortable double bedroom with an en-suite bathroom, overlooking the breath-taking inner garden. There is a 2nd bedroom with a double sofa bed which can accomodate 2 persons. There is free Wi-Fi available and digital TV with lots of international channels. Netflix is available. The apartment features a fully equipped kitchen including utensils, dishwasher, oven/microwave and a Nespresso machine (coffee/tea is provided). The master bedroom has a big comfortable queen size bed and access to the ","This trendy and comfortable apartment is close to the city centre, Jordaan and Vondelpark. It comfortably fits 3 persons and is within a short distance of the many highlights, restaurants and cafes! Very quiet apartment! It's your home away from home! The neighbourhood De Baarsjes, is according to CNN 'the most upcoming neighbourhood of Amsterdam'. It is a 5 minute walk to the new and very trendy Foodhallen. It's only 10-minutes towards the old city centre of Amsterdam. It's a non-smoking apartment. No pets are allowed. A tram stop where 2 tram lines stop is a 3-minute walk away. These trams take you all over town. The living room has a big couch and a dining area overlooking Amsterdam street life. At the back of the apartment you will find a comfortable double bedroom with an en-suite bathroom, overlooking the breath-taking inner garden. There is a 2nd bedroom with a double sofa bed which can accomodate 2 persons. There is free Wi-Fi available and digital TV with lots of international","'De Baarsjes' is a trendy neighbourhood at the edge of the city centre. It has a lot of young and trendy inhabitants. There are many nice restaurants and cafes, the choice is very divers. The very popular 'De Hallen'  is nearby with it's amazing 'Foodhallen'.","A tramstop where 2 tram lines stop is a 3-minute walk away. These trams take you all over town. If you enjoy walking, it's a 15-minute walk to the city centre. Parking space is available on the street outside the building. It's paid parking from Monday thru Saturday from 09-24h. Some closely destinations: - Jordaan & Anne Frank House; 20 mins walk,  7 mins cycling - Dam Square; 30 mins walk, 13 mins cycling - Leidseplein & Vondelpark; 30 mins walk, 11 mins cycling - Museumplein, Rijksmuseum & Van Gogh Museum; 35 mins walk, 15 mins cycling - Foodhallen; 10 mins walk, 5 mins cycling - Closest Supermarket; 3 mins walk","HOUSE RULES (sorry, there have to be rules:)) Tranquillity:  - Please respect each other’s well deserved sleep and try to be quiet should you come in at a late hour. No loud noises from 10pm – 10am.  Keys:  - The front door key is very expensive to replace. This will cost us € 50,- so needless to say, please do not lose the key. This will be deducted from your deposit. Pets:  - Sorry, no pets allowed. Strangers:  - Strangers are not allowed into the apartment without our permission. Smoking:  - Smoking is not allowed inside the apartment. You can smoke on the balcony. Alcohol, (soft)drugs:  - The trade or use of (soft)drugs and alcohol abuse is not permitted. Breaking of stuff:  - Things can break. That’s life. I would appreciate it if you just tell me so I can replace it. If it’s expensive to fix/replace the costs will be deducted from your deposit. Moving of furniture:  - Guests have to respect the decoration of the room. We don't allow for furniture to be moved from the room or to b"
