"Spacious, clean and quiet appartment in the 'Oud West'-area, around the corner from Vondelpark and Overtoom (lots of restaurants and cafés), a 5 minutes' walk from Vondelpark.  Lots of quiet, privacy and space to relax. Tram number one stops near the house and will take you trough the city center,leidseplein,Damsquare to the Central station.  The Kinkerstraat is the closest large shopping street.","Sunny private apartment around the corner from Vondelpark and Overtoom. High speed wifi, dishwashing machine,waschingmachine, open kitchen with everything you need and a comfy double bed - everything you need for a comfortable stay in Amsterdam.  Clean, overlooking the 'Kostverlorenvaart'-canal - this apartment offers the perfect place to explore the city from.  Fast and easy public transport connections to: Schiphol Airport, Station Amsterdam Zuid, and Amsterdam Lelylaan.","Spacious, clean and quiet appartment in the 'Oud West'-area, around the corner from Vondelpark and Overtoom (lots of restaurants and cafés), a 5 minutes' walk from Vondelpark.  Lots of quiet, privacy and space to relax. Tram number one stops near the house and will take you trough the city center,leidseplein,Damsquare to the Central station.  The Kinkerstraat is the closest large shopping street. Sunny private apartment around the corner from Vondelpark and Overtoom. High speed wifi, dishwashing machine,waschingmachine, open kitchen with everything you need and a comfy double bed - everything you need for a comfortable stay in Amsterdam.  Clean, overlooking the 'Kostverlorenvaart'-canal - this apartment offers the perfect place to explore the city from.  Fast and easy public transport connections to: Schiphol Airport, Station Amsterdam Zuid, and Amsterdam Lelylaan. You alone will have access to the full apartment. Bedroom for two, bathroom, living room and large open kitchen/dining are","Walking distance from many restaurants and cafes, easy access to trams that take you into the heart of Amsterdam within minutes. The neighborhood is a residential area close to Amsterdam centre (Leidseplein is 15 mins walking distance), with loads of restaurants and small cafes frequented by locals rather than tourists. Lively Kinkerstraat with the Ten Cate-market are within walking distance.",Trams 1 and 17 are around the corner. Easily reachable from Train Stations Amsterdam Zuid and Amsterdam Lelylaan for easy access to Schiphol Airport (20 mins).,"My apartment is no smoking , and shoes off.  No illegal activities in any form. Atfer ten o clock be silent. It's a quiet neighborhood and the last thing i want i trouble with my neighbors . My place and neighborhood are not fitted to party. No other people in the house."
