"[Update (Dec 26) We've just decided for a short vacation in the first week of the new year. This could be your luck!]   Lush home in a green and quiet area, on walking distance (3') from the Concertgebouw, the 3 big museums and the Vondelpark. Great for those wanting to enjoy the cultural side of Amsterdam. We prefer to rent out to people whom we first have a nice conversation with.","Bright and spacious 100 m2 apartment + 40 m2 roof terrace in a quiet street in walking distance from Amsterdam's major concert hall The Concertgebouw (3 mins) and the big museums (5 mins), including the newly opened Van Gogh Museum and Rijks Museum. This three bedroom apartment can host 4, max 5 guests. We prefer two guests but if you are a 'tight' group (family or close friends) and the connection feels good we could accept up to five. The apartment has a large living room, connected to a cosy kitchen. One bedroom with a big double bed, a second bedroom with somewhat smaller double bed and optionally the third with our daughter's bed which also fits an adult. Spacious bathroom w bathtub and shower. 40 m2 roof terrace, with easy access. Music lovers get priority — experienced pianists may use our grand piano ;-). And yes, free wifi of course. And espresso machine + coffee grinder. Warning: there is no TV and no dishwasher! We are two musicians who travel a lot. If we're out, we're happ","[Update (Dec 26) We've just decided for a short vacation in the first week of the new year. This could be your luck!]   Lush home in a green and quiet area, on walking distance (3') from the Concertgebouw, the 3 big museums and the Vondelpark. Great for those wanting to enjoy the cultural side of Amsterdam. We prefer to rent out to people whom we first have a nice conversation with. Bright and spacious 100 m2 apartment + 40 m2 roof terrace in a quiet street in walking distance from Amsterdam's major concert hall The Concertgebouw (3 mins) and the big museums (5 mins), including the newly opened Van Gogh Museum and Rijks Museum. This three bedroom apartment can host 4, max 5 guests. We prefer two guests but if you are a 'tight' group (family or close friends) and the connection feels good we could accept up to five. The apartment has a large living room, connected to a cosy kitchen. One bedroom with a big double bed, a second bedroom with somewhat smaller double bed and optionally the t","Amsterdam 'Oud Zuid' is a lovely neighborhood, built mostly around 1900. Although this is a tranquil street, you'll be surprised how close you are to many major Amsterdam attractions, lively areas and even the city center. We can help you find a bike rental, but most of our guests prefer to explore Amsterdam walking.","Trams 3, 5, 12, and 24 stop around the corner. Bike rental: 5' minutes walk (URL HIDDEN)","We'll probably only take you as a guest after exchanging some e-mails. That implies we trust you and believe your common sense does not need house rules whatsoever. In order to make this text the required 50 words long I can just add: we don't expect you to _clean_ the place, but to leave it as tidy as you found it. {That makes 61 words!}"
