"My apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 17th century monument in a very quiet street in the heart of historical Amsterdam Center, on walking distance from Central Station.  Please be aware that you have to climb two typically 'Amsterdam ' stairs! So pretty steep if you are not used to it, or you have mobility problems. Of course I will help you with your luggage.","The guestroom  is on the 2nd floor of a 17th century monument in a very quiet street in the heart of Amsterdam Center, on walking distance from Central Station.  From Central Station, you can also take the Metro (subway)  line 51, 53 or 54. Just one stop after Central Station, get off at Nieuwmarkt, take exit Nieuwmarkt. My address is 100 m away from this Metro exit. The guest room  that I rent out to you is on the backside of the building and therefore very quiet. Therefore, be aware that every sound will be heard by our neighbours,  so please no loud music  or loud conversations. Also: it is highly appreciated when you take off your shoes in the appartement. Clean house shoes will be provided to you.  The entrance of my apartment leads to a hallway.  Shower and toilet are also on that hallway, so you don’t have to go through my livingroom. You will share the shower and  toilet only with me.  There are no other guests. I take out my private things from the bathroom when I have guests.","My apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 17th century monument in a very quiet street in the heart of historical Amsterdam Center, on walking distance from Central Station.  Please be aware that you have to climb two typically 'Amsterdam ' stairs! So pretty steep if you are not used to it, or you have mobility problems. Of course I will help you with your luggage. The guestroom  is on the 2nd floor of a 17th century monument in a very quiet street in the heart of Amsterdam Center, on walking distance from Central Station.  From Central Station, you can also take the Metro (subway)  line 51, 53 or 54. Just one stop after Central Station, get off at Nieuwmarkt, take exit Nieuwmarkt. My address is 100 m away from this Metro exit. The guest room  that I rent out to you is on the backside of the building and therefore very quiet. Therefore, be aware that every sound will be heard by our neighbours,  so please no loud music  or loud conversations. Also: it is highly appreciated when you take of","Nieuwmarkt is around the corner, with cozy pubs, nice restaurants and shops. You are in the very heart of historical Amsterdam. Everything is on walking distance.","No need to come by car, my appartement is ten minutes walking  from  Amsterdam Centaal Station. Everything is on walking distance. If you are tired: Amsterdam has a very comfortable public transport system with trams and Metro. If  you insist to come by car: there is a parking garage close to  Amsterdam Centraal station at Oosterdok for €13 per 24 hours  or use one of the  P+R parkings around the city with a fast public transport to the city,  for €1  per 24 hours if  you can  show a public transport card  from  Amsterdam center  back to the P+R.","The house is divided in four apartments accessible with a communal staircase.  • guests  must realize that they have to climb two stairs. • We expect you to be quiet on the stairs and in the guest room.  • It is highly appreciated by the downstair neighbors when you take off your shoes in the apartment. Fresh washed slippers are provided.  • The NO's: No smoking, no pets. Smoking is only allowed downstairs on the street. Also: no drugs, no loud music or conversation."
