Quiet Garden View Room & Super Fast WiFi (up to 500 Mbit/s download & 500 Mbit/s upload),"I'm renting a bedroom (room overlooking the garden) in my apartment in Amsterdam,  The room is located to the east of the city centre in a quiet, typical Amsterdam neighbourhood the ""Indische Buurt"". Amsterdam’s historic centre is less than 15 minutes away by bike or tram. The features of the room are: - Twin beds (80 x 200 cm, down quilts and pillows)  - 2 pure cotton towels for each guest  - reading lamps - bedside table - wardrobe - table with chairs - tea and coffee making facilities - mini bar - alarm clock - Hi-Fi system with radio, cd player, connection for mp3 player / phone - map of Amsterdam and public transport - Wi-Fi Internet connection  Extra services: - Continental breakfast - Bike rental - Tickets for concerts, theatres and other events - Guided city tour","Quiet Garden View Room & Super Fast WiFi (up to 500 Mbit/s download & 500 Mbit/s upload) I'm renting a bedroom (room overlooking the garden) in my apartment in Amsterdam,  The room is located to the east of the city centre in a quiet, typical Amsterdam neighbourhood the ""Indische Buurt"". Amsterdam’s historic centre is less than 15 minutes away by bike or tram. The features of the room are: - Twin beds (80 x 200 cm, down quilts and pillows)  - 2 pure cotton towels for each guest  - reading lamps - bedside table - wardrobe - table with chairs - tea and coffee making facilities - mini bar - alarm clock - Hi-Fi system with radio, cd player, connection for mp3 player / phone - map of Amsterdam and public transport - Wi-Fi Internet connection  Extra services: - Continental breakfast - Bike rental - Tickets for concerts, theatres and other events - Guided city tour Indische Buurt (""Indies Neighborhood"") is a neighbourhood in the eastern portion of the city of Amsterdam, in the Dutch province ","Indische Buurt (""Indies Neighborhood"") is a neighbourhood in the eastern portion of the city of Amsterdam, in the Dutch province of Noord-Holland. The name dates from the early 20th century and is derived from the fact that the neighbourhood's streets are named after islands and other geographical concepts in the former Dutch colony of the Dutch East Indies. The first street was named in 1902. In 2003, there were around 23,357 inhabitants. The neighbourhood is bounded on the west by the railroad Amsterdam - Hilversum (with the Muiderpoort Station), on the east side by Flevopark, on the north side by Zeeburgerdijk and on the south side by the Ringvaart Watergraafsmeer. Indische Buurt is the oldest part of the Zeeburg district and is very ethnically diverse, and a high percentage of the population is of immigrant origin (for Zeeburg this is already high at 55%, but higher in the Indische Buurt) and there are an estimated 100 languages spoken.","The neighbourhood is well served by 24 hours public transport (2 trams and 4 buses).  Amsterdam is made for cycling. With special traffic lights and bicycle lanes, it is the fastest and cheapest way to travel in and around the city. Bicycle riding is also convenient, safe and lots of fun. Whatever your age, you will see more by bike!",Please: - Leave your shoes in the entrance  - Do not smoke in the apartment or in the common parts of the building - Feel free to leave your valuables in the room but at your own risk (in case of     lost I will not be responsible) - Keep a low volume between 22:00 and 8:00 - Do not open the door to strangers - Turn off electrical appliances and unplug devices & chargers when not in    the room - Before exiting make sure that the window of the room and the entrance door    are well locked and the alarm on.
