"Your bedroom has a queen size bed with comfortable mattress and a small balcony to sit outside, smoke and enjoy the garden view. Our sunny apartment has many windows with a view at the canal with boats and chestnut trees. You share living, kitchen and bathroom with us, you can cook. We give you as much as we can privacy, we do sleep at another floor. We are situated in a quiet and green neighborhood near Jordaan district. Our place is well-known because of its quietness and because it is clean.","Queen size bed in sunny renovated apartment near the Jordaan district. You can cook and use our living!!!! Coffee and tea are for free, breakfast is not incuded. Your bedroom is very quiet with a balcony, a queen size bed for 2 persons and a cupboard for your clothes. Spare bed linen and towels are available.  The living room has six large windows with a beautiful view on the canal (gracht) right in front of the house, with many chestnut trees standing alongside the canal. The apartment is at the second floor (two stairs to climb). The house is furnished with modern, comfortable and new furniture and the open kitchen contains a refrigerator, a microwave and all other modern kitchen utensils. You can use the DVD player, digital television, fast internet, audio system and the washing machine (on request). The apartment has a wooden floor. The bathroom is clean and spacious (for Amsterdam standards). Bathroom, toilet, living and kitchen are shared with us. In our apartment we have a lot o","Your bedroom has a queen size bed with comfortable mattress and a small balcony to sit outside, smoke and enjoy the garden view. Our sunny apartment has many windows with a view at the canal with boats and chestnut trees. You share living, kitchen and bathroom with us, you can cook. We give you as much as we can privacy, we do sleep at another floor. We are situated in a quiet and green neighborhood near Jordaan district. Our place is well-known because of its quietness and because it is clean. Queen size bed in sunny renovated apartment near the Jordaan district. You can cook and use our living!!!! Coffee and tea are for free, breakfast is not incuded. Your bedroom is very quiet with a balcony, a queen size bed for 2 persons and a cupboard for your clothes. Spare bed linen and towels are available.  The living room has six large windows with a beautiful view on the canal (gracht) right in front of the house, with many chestnut trees standing alongside the canal. The apartment is at th","It is a very quiet neighborhood, close to the center (Jordan area, Anne Frank house) and we have a restaurant very nearby (restaurant Van de Buurt). Many small restaurants and a supermarket are at 200 - 300 meters, a park (Erasmuspark) is situated at the end of our street. You can enjoy the canal in front of our house by sitting on the bench at the canal side.","The apartment is only 20 to 30 minutes by public transport (train and tram) from Schiphol international airport. By car the apartment is easily reached from the highway (e.g. from the airport). There is plenty parking place in front of our door but parking is rather expensive in Amsterdam. You can leave your car for 1€ a day (max 4 days) in the P&R if you combine it with  public transport tickets. There is one bus to central station (18) and two trams to the museums (nr 12), dam square (nr 14) and Station Sloterdijk (also nr 12). In Amsterdam it is easy to rent bycicles, walking is also easy because the city is small.","No drugs and smoking is allowed. You can smoke on the balcony but please do leave your cigarettes in the empty flower pot at the balcony (our neighbours do not like cigarettes in their garden). We like it very much when guests take off there shoes and use slippers in our apartment. Please do not close the door downstairs with too much noice, the neighbours downstairs can hear this very well."
