"A beautiful apartment in (68 square meters) in a renovated 19th century building: luxury kitchen, fireplace, washer/dryer and many extra amenities including outdoor space in the green, lovely Plantage neighborhood minutes from the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam-Centre.  Perfect for two, this multilevel space is amazing and guests have written great reports on the comfortable sofa bed. Our lovely cat Raskatova loves to stay home! Enjoy our neighborhood park on the canal just across the street!","A fully renovated apartment in a 19th century historic building.  Amenities include luxury kitchen, washer/dryer and flat screen TV.","A beautiful apartment in (68 square meters) in a renovated 19th century building: luxury kitchen, fireplace, washer/dryer and many extra amenities including outdoor space in the green, lovely Plantage neighborhood minutes from the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam-Centre.  Perfect for two, this multilevel space is amazing and guests have written great reports on the comfortable sofa bed. Our lovely cat Raskatova loves to stay home! Enjoy our neighborhood park on the canal just across the street! A fully renovated apartment in a 19th century historic building.  Amenities include luxury kitchen, washer/dryer and flat screen TV. Your own apartment home away from home! We live upstairs (separate entry)! Our neighbors (see welcome) have keys as well. Green, quiet and central the Plantage is an oasis of peace just minutes from 'downtown' Amsterdam. Conveniently located with public transportation, museums and a canal just across the street! 4 trams, metro and easy access to the airport. Bicycle ","Green, quiet and central the Plantage is an oasis of peace just minutes from 'downtown' Amsterdam. Conveniently located with public transportation, museums and a canal just across the street!","4 trams, metro and easy access to the airport. Bicycle rental within 10 minutes (Waterlooplein)  Parking in Amsterdam-Center is expensive, those who arrive by car are encouraged to use the Park & Ride option, easily accessible by tram!","No smoking, please, we are seriously allergic!!"
