"Our apartment is in a typical Dutch 1930's style residential area inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright. A great spot to have the real Amsterdam-experience! The renovated, bright apartment offers quick access to the main Amsterdam sights: Historic centre with the famous canals at 15-20 minutes walk. Trams to both the historic centre and to the museumdistrict at 3 minutes walk.","The apartment is in the area known as ""Stadsdeel West"", the first borough directly west of the historic centre with the famous ring of canals (Unesco Worldheritage) and the Jordaan quarter. Distance to the main attractions: Ring of Canals, Jordaan quarter, Anne Frank House, Dam Square & Royal Palace: 5 minute by bicycle & tram, 15-25 minutes walking Rijksmuseum, Vincent van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw, Red Light District: 10 minutes by bicycle & tram Tramstop, supermarket and several trendy restaurants & cafés around the corner, 3 minutes walking The apartment is in easy reach from Central Station by tram nr. 13; 10-15 minutes. Central Station has direct train connections to Schiphol Airport every 15 minutes.  By taxi from Schiphol Airport it will take approx 20-35 minutes","Our apartment is in a typical Dutch 1930's style residential area inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright. A great spot to have the real Amsterdam-experience! The renovated, bright apartment offers quick access to the main Amsterdam sights: Historic centre with the famous canals at 15-20 minutes walk. Trams to both the historic centre and to the museumdistrict at 3 minutes walk. The apartment is in the area known as ""Stadsdeel West"", the first borough directly west of the historic centre with the famous ring of canals (Unesco Worldheritage) and the Jordaan quarter. Distance to the main attractions: Ring of Canals, Jordaan quarter, Anne Frank House, Dam Square & Royal Palace: 5 minute by bicycle & tram, 15-25 minutes walking Rijksmuseum, Vincent van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw, Red Light District: 10 minutes by bicycle & tram Tramstop, supermarket and several trendy restaurants & cafés around the corner, 3 minutes walking The apartment is in easy reach from Central Station by tr",,,"My apartment is strictly for non-smokers only. The apartment is strictly for max 2 persons.  The apartment is not suitable for babies and young children. No pets, no loud music. The apartment is in a quiet residential area, with lots of neighbours. The apartment is an apartmentblock with 5 other apartments; my apartment on the 3rd floor will be privately yours during your stay."
