"Want to enjoy the vibrant city of Amsterdam and get some proper rest at night? Then this is your ideal place! Our colourful apartment is at a large,  quiet park. Conveniently near public transport it's a short distance to the heart of Amsterdam. >> We have a brand new floor and fresh paint on the walls. Pictures are available on request! >>","Want to stay in a huge apartment in the largest park of Amsterdam? Many people mistake the Vondelpark to be the largest park we have. Although it's far from New York's Central Park, our apartment has its ground on the border of the Rembrandtpark. It's not only slightly larger but also really peaceful as most locals and tourists don't bother visiting it. That means you will we able to enjoy the view without the noise! Location: Our apartment is located on the West border of the lovely Amsterdam Zuid district. Closed off by the city's speedway on one side and the park on the other (with a balcony) everything you would want is close. If you take a 7 minute train ride from Schiphol Airport that departs 6 times an hour, then walk another 10 minutes, you will have found our apartment. Within a 15 minute bike or tram ride the Leidseplein entertainment area is at your fingertips. The best museums our city offers (Museumplein: Van Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum) are easily accessible with ","Want to enjoy the vibrant city of Amsterdam and get some proper rest at night? Then this is your ideal place! Our colourful apartment is at a large,  quiet park. Conveniently near public transport it's a short distance to the heart of Amsterdam. >> We have a brand new floor and fresh paint on the walls. Pictures are available on request! >> Want to stay in a huge apartment in the largest park of Amsterdam? Many people mistake the Vondelpark to be the largest park we have. Although it's far from New York's Central Park, our apartment has its ground on the border of the Rembrandtpark. It's not only slightly larger but also really peaceful as most locals and tourists don't bother visiting it. That means you will we able to enjoy the view without the noise! Location: Our apartment is located on the West border of the lovely Amsterdam Zuid district. Closed off by the city's speedway on one side and the park on the other (with a balcony) everything you would want is close. If you take a 7 mi",,From Schiphol Amsterdam Airport it's only one train stop to Amsterdam Lelylaan Station. From there it's hardly a 10 minute walk to our apartment. We can also arrange a parking space in the building's adjacent underground garage.,"We're all adults, so just stick by the 3 rules of thumb: - Don't be stupid - What would your mom say about your behaviour? - Be friendly :)"
