"Studio Apartment, Sleeps 4 this is a Private apartment no shared facilities. Recentely renovated studio for 4  well designed with great attention to detail. 4 singel boxspring beds .  private bathroom and private open plan kitchen. Ideal for a family of group of friends  canal view Central area.",You could compare this large studio apartment with a hotel suite  with more space and privacy . strictly NON Smoking  this a very comfortable large studio apartment  has canal view . the apartment has a fully equipped kitchen  please note that you can only cooked light meals see house rules. a newly renovated bathroom with shower  4 new comfortable single beds a round table with four design Chairs. the apartment is very good decorated and offers comfort and privacy  Ideally for friend or a couple with children.,"Studio Apartment, Sleeps 4 this is a Private apartment no shared facilities. Recentely renovated studio for 4  well designed with great attention to detail. 4 singel boxspring beds .  private bathroom and private open plan kitchen. Ideal for a family of group of friends  canal view Central area. You could compare this large studio apartment with a hotel suite  with more space and privacy . strictly NON Smoking  this a very comfortable large studio apartment  has canal view . the apartment has a fully equipped kitchen  please note that you can only cooked light meals see house rules. a newly renovated bathroom with shower  4 new comfortable single beds a round table with four design Chairs. the apartment is very good decorated and offers comfort and privacy  Ideally for friend or a couple with children. second floor without lift great area  15 minutes walk to central Station & Dam  5 minutes walk to Flea market waterlooplein  surrounded by a local pub and unique restaurants bus 22 or 48",great area  15 minutes walk to central Station & Dam  5 minutes walk to Flea market waterlooplein  surrounded by a local pub and unique restaurants,bus 22 or 48  only 2 stops from Central Station,"Due to new council regulations for safety to tourists  we have installed a new alarm system in the whole building  this alarm system is connected to the fire department . this apartment is Strictly Non Smoking  no deep frying, no grilling, no toasting are permitted as these activities can activate the alarm system  only boiling light cooking and microwave meals are allowed."
