"A sunny, relaxed and clean 57m2 two-room apartment with everything you need for a nice stay in one of the cool hipster area's of Amsterdam. By tram and bike 10 mins from center. 200 meters from supermarket, bike rental and two big parks. City beach Sloterplas is 10 minutes by bike or tram. The apartment is renovated and refurnitured in november 2017.","The front of the building is a monument and it is built in 1925 by Architect Wijdeveld. 57m2 meter, wooden floor, big comfortable couch, a large kingsize bed and a bath & shower. The style of interior is a fusion between hipster, hippie and classic. In the morning you can have a coffee on the sunny balcony in the hammock-chair","A sunny, relaxed and clean 57m2 two-room apartment with everything you need for a nice stay in one of the cool hipster area's of Amsterdam. By tram and bike 10 mins from center. 200 meters from supermarket, bike rental and two big parks. City beach Sloterplas is 10 minutes by bike or tram. The apartment is renovated and refurnitured in november 2017. The front of the building is a monument and it is built in 1925 by Architect Wijdeveld. 57m2 meter, wooden floor, big comfortable couch, a large kingsize bed and a bath & shower. The style of interior is a fusion between hipster, hippie and classic. In the morning you can have a coffee on the sunny balcony in the hammock-chair The whole apartment. Wifi, Sonos, 55-inch tv, radio, dishwasher, microwave/ oven, shampoo, showergel, cooking gear and cookingstuff. Before and after rent I am available but I dont stay in the building so full privacy The neighbourhood is a multicultural hipster area, two big parks, ipa bars, burger bars, great coffe","The neighbourhood is a multicultural hipster area, two big parks, ipa bars, burger bars, great coffee, vintage shops and many terraces.",100 meters away: tram and bus. From Central Station it is 15 minutes by bus and tram. From Schiphol to this apartment: 30 minutes. Train to sloterdijk 20 minutes and bus 10 minutes. Bus stops before the door.,I hope you will respect the house and if you break anything please replace it. Smoking only allowed on balcony.
