"A perfectly located light 4th floor apartment. With a nice size living room, dining room and cozy bed room that's quiet at night so perfect for a good night sleep. The balcony  has the morning sun, if you are in for breakfast on the balcony (recommended in the summer).  It's close to the central station and has various public transport options. Walking distance to city center, jordaan and 9 streets. Also various great restaurants nearby!","My place has a lot of sun light. It's on the 4th floor and in the morning the living room fills with light. It also has a very spacious feel which I love. Unfortunately not suitable for children.  As a guest you will be able to use the living room, kitchen for preparing simple breakfasts and lunches. WiFi and TV  and Netflix are available in the apartment  It's a great neighbourhood, very close to the center of the city and especially close to the Jordaan. One of my favourite areas. With an authentic Amsterdam feel, with small streets and lots of artisanal shops.  There are lots of public transport options in the area. Both tram 3 (at the roundabout) or tram 10 (across the street) are options to get around town. But walking is probably what you will be doing most as lots of places are walking distance from the apartment. E.g. the Anna Frank House is just a 7 min walk.","A perfectly located light 4th floor apartment. With a nice size living room, dining room and cozy bed room that's quiet at night so perfect for a good night sleep. The balcony  has the morning sun, if you are in for breakfast on the balcony (recommended in the summer).  It's close to the central station and has various public transport options. Walking distance to city center, jordaan and 9 streets. Also various great restaurants nearby! My place has a lot of sun light. It's on the 4th floor and in the morning the living room fills with light. It also has a very spacious feel which I love. Unfortunately not suitable for children.  As a guest you will be able to use the living room, kitchen for preparing simple breakfasts and lunches. WiFi and TV  and Netflix are available in the apartment  It's a great neighbourhood, very close to the center of the city and especially close to the Jordaan. One of my favourite areas. With an authentic Amsterdam feel, with small streets and lots of artis","It's a great neighbourhood, very close to the center of the city and especially close to the Jordaan. One of my favourite areas. With an authentic Amsterdam feel, with small streets and lots of artisanal shops.",There are lots of public transport options in the area. Both tram 3 (at the roundabout) or tram 10 (across the street) are options to get around town. But walking is probably what you will be doing most as lots of places are walking distance from the apartment. E.g. the Anna Frank House is just a 7 min walk (make an online reservation in advance).,"No smoking in the house. And no loud music, as I have my neighbours to consider.  :-)"
