"*2 sunny balconies *Modern kitchen and bathroom *View on the famous 'Dapper market' *Lively neighboorhood with nice bars and restaurants *Artis Zoo, Tropical museum and Oosterpark around the corner *Public transport and city centre closeby *Dish washer, audio system and fast wifi *second floor","This chill-out appartment is situated on the second floor. The bedroom is located at the back of our house and has a nice small balcony with morning sun. It's very quiet here (no market sounds). At the front there's a bigger balcony with sun after 14:00 pm and a great view at the market (6 days per week). In between there's a small hallway with entrance to the new bathroom (shower and washing machine) and the living room. In the living room you'll find the recently installed half open kitchen with all the basic stuff plus oven, espresso machine and dishwasher. The appt is very light. We moved here april 2013 and bought a new wooden floor. In short: 2 sunny balconies, new kitchen and bathroom, lively neighboorhood, wifi, dish washer and audio system.","*2 sunny balconies *Modern kitchen and bathroom *View on the famous 'Dapper market' *Lively neighboorhood with nice bars and restaurants *Artis Zoo, Tropical museum and Oosterpark around the corner *Public transport and city centre closeby *Dish washer, audio system and fast wifi *second floor This chill-out appartment is situated on the second floor. The bedroom is located at the back of our house and has a nice small balcony with morning sun. It's very quiet here (no market sounds). At the front there's a bigger balcony with sun after 14:00 pm and a great view at the market (6 days per week). In between there's a small hallway with entrance to the new bathroom (shower and washing machine) and the living room. In the living room you'll find the recently installed half open kitchen with all the basic stuff plus oven, espresso machine and dishwasher. The appt is very light. We moved here april 2013 and bought a new wooden floor. In short: 2 sunny balconies, new kitchen and bathroom, liv","Our appt is in an old lively neighborhood close to the centre. 6 days per week you can buy fresh fruit, vegetables, fish, flowers, nuts, cookies and meat at the market =) A lot of nice bars and restaurants are around the corner. The neighbourhood is a mixture of all kinds of people, a lot of small shops, restaurants, bars and some actual highlights. Around the corner are for example the Oosterpark, Tropen (tropics) museum, Artis zoo and very popular local brewery called Brouwerij 't IJ. We'll give you some more advice about nice places to see in our neighborhood and  Amsterdam.",A lot of trams and buses stop nearby and Muiderpoort trainstation is 7 min walking. Centre of Amsterdam and central station can be reached within max 10 min bij public transport.,Threat our home as your own home =) You can use all the facilities. We expect you to be cautious with our stuff. We're more than happy to supply you with everything you need during your stay. In your room you will find linen and towels.
