,"Beautiful apartment located in Amsterdam West, 2 min walk from Leidseplein, Vondelpark and ""Stedelijk museum"". This completely renovated, quiet apartment with canal view is surrounded by nice bars and restaurants! This cosy apartment offers you an excelent stay in Amsterdam. The apartment has been renovated completely and has a really nice bathroom and kitchen.  Includes: - Double bed - Private bathroom  - Clean linnen and towels  - Hair dryer  - Television, DvD-player  - Free Wifi  - Iron, ironing board - I-pod docking stations - Dishwasher A lot of nice reatuarants are located in the surrounding of the apartment. A few of my favourite ones: * De Italiaan (Italian) * Ciro Passami d'olio (Italian) * Sama Sebo (Indonesian) Take away: * Soytasty (Sushi) Sports * Vondelpark, perfect for a run (or a picknick!) * Healthcity fitness centre Beauty * Soap treatment store   Next to the apartment are tram stations in direction to the Dam, Central station, Negen straatjes and so on. ","Beautiful apartment located in Amsterdam West, 2 min walk from Leidseplein, Vondelpark and ""Stedelijk museum"". This completely renovated, quiet apartment with canal view is surrounded by nice bars and restaurants! This cosy apartment offers you an excelent stay in Amsterdam. The apartment has been renovated completely and has a really nice bathroom and kitchen.  Includes: - Double bed - Private bathroom  - Clean linnen and towels  - Hair dryer  - Television, DvD-player  - Free Wifi  - Iron, ironing board - I-pod docking stations - Dishwasher A lot of nice reatuarants are located in the surrounding of the apartment. A few of my favourite ones: * De Italiaan (Italian) * Ciro Passami d'olio (Italian) * Sama Sebo (Indonesian) Take away: * Soytasty (Sushi) Sports * Vondelpark, perfect for a run (or a picknick!) * Healthcity fitness centre Beauty * Soap treatment store   Next to the apartment are tram stations in direction to the Dam, Central station, Negen straatjes and so on. ",,,No smoking (only on the balcony) Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions!
