"Hello!  Renovated Studio, perfect for couple retreat. The interior is light, modern & cosy. Situated in a quiet neighborhood in biking distance of Leidse Square & the Jordaan. Direct public transport to & from Schiphol around the corner.","My full serviced apartment is a perfect couples retreat. The interior is light, modern & cosy. Situated in a quiet neighborhood in biking distance of Leidse Square & the Jordaan. There are several tram and bus stops within 5 min walking distance of the apartment which provide a direct connection to all major transport hubs in and around Amsterdam, such as Schiphol Airport, Amsterdam Central Station, Amsterdam Sloterdijk and the Eurolines busstation at Amsterdam Amstel Station. And also a direct busconnection to the beach at Zandvoort. As an extra option I rent bikes.  The apartment is 35 m2 - A living area annex kitchen area  - A Queensize bed   - A bathroom with a toilet and a shower with an glass door - L-shaped couch General facilities:  - Wifi  - TV (with HDMI connection for the laptop) - DVD Player  Kitchen facilities  - Dishwasher  - Stove  - Microwave/Oven combination  - Water cooker  - Refrigerator with separate freezer Bathroom facilities  - Separate shower  - Shampoo - Soap T","Hello!  Renovated Studio, perfect for couple retreat. The interior is light, modern & cosy. Situated in a quiet neighborhood in biking distance of Leidse Square & the Jordaan. Direct public transport to & from Schiphol around the corner. My full serviced apartment is a perfect couples retreat. The interior is light, modern & cosy. Situated in a quiet neighborhood in biking distance of Leidse Square & the Jordaan. There are several tram and bus stops within 5 min walking distance of the apartment which provide a direct connection to all major transport hubs in and around Amsterdam, such as Schiphol Airport, Amsterdam Central Station, Amsterdam Sloterdijk and the Eurolines busstation at Amsterdam Amstel Station. And also a direct busconnection to the beach at Zandvoort. As an extra option I rent bikes.  The apartment is 35 m2 - A living area annex kitchen area  - A Queensize bed   - A bathroom with a toilet and a shower with an glass door - L-shaped couch General facilities:  - Wifi  - T",The apartment is situated in a safe and quiet neighborhood. There are several nice cafes and restaurants within walking distance of the apartment. A few places we can recommend are:  - Blaffende bis: (website hidden)  - Cafe Loetje: (website hidden)  - Bar Baarsch: (website hidden)  - Fier: (website hidden)  - Pata Negra: (website hidden)  - Cafe Bosco: (website hidden)  - Cafe Zurich: (website hidden) For lunch and coffee we recommend these wonderfull places:  - Buongiorno: (website hidden)  - Bagels & Beans: (website hidden)  - Brood op de planken: (website hidden)  - Coffee Plaza: (website hidden) If you want to stock the refrigerator with food and beverages we can recommend the following supermarkets:  - Vomar (Bos en Lommerplein)  - Albert Heijn (Bos en Lommerplein)  - Dirk (Bos en Lommerweg),"There are several tram and bus stops within 5 min walking distance of the apartment which provide a direct connection to all major transport hubs in and around Amsterdam, such as Schiphol Airport, Amsterdam Central Station, Amsterdam Sloterdijk and the Eurolines busstation at Amsterdam Amstel Station. And also a direct busconnection to the beach at Zandvoort.","Please use my Studio like its your own (except when youre disrespectfull in your own place :-P) As you might see I left personal items, feel free to look at them but leave it at the place you have found it, thanks! No smoking allowed. No pets allowed"
