"This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There's a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with comfortable bed, a modern bathroom and a great garden! The apartment has recently been renovated. There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. I'm sure you will have a great time in this apartment during your stay in Amsterdam!","The apartment is very bright and has a lot of natural light. The living room is spacious and very comfortable with a great atmosphere. You can just sit down on the couch and relax while watching some television. The kitchen is modern, fully equipped and a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. The bedroom is big and accommodated with a comfortable double sized bed where you really get to rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. The bathroom is very modern and has a big shower and bathtub where you can relax and fresh yourself up. On top of all of this, there is also a great garden where you can enjoy a nice cup of coffee or tea! I hope you will enjoy this apartment as much as I do!","This is a great apartment for your stay in Amsterdam! It's located in a quiet street and has a great atmosphere. There's a big and bright living room with lots of natural light, a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with comfortable bed, a modern bathroom and a great garden! The apartment has recently been renovated. There is a lot to do in the surrounding area and it's located close to the city centre. I'm sure you will have a great time in this apartment during your stay in Amsterdam! The apartment is very bright and has a lot of natural light. The living room is spacious and very comfortable with a great atmosphere. You can just sit down on the couch and relax while watching some television. The kitchen is modern, fully equipped and a great place to cook and enjoy delicious meals. The bedroom is big and accommodated with a comfortable double sized bed where you really get to rest after a long day of sightseeing through Amsterdam. The bathroom is very modern and has a big sh","The Kinkerbuurt and the Overtoom district are a part of Oud West (Old West) Amsterdam. Oud West is in the middle of Amsterdam and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. This district is also very close to the City Centre. The Kinkerstraat is the commercial street of this district, with a lot of clothing shops, restaurants and more. The Ten Katestraat is also a commercial street with a daily market, like the other markets in Amsterdam","The easiest way to get around the city is by bike, but you can also use public transport. Close to the apartment you can find different trams and buses that can take you around the whole city.","House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times.  •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out •	Lost keys will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed to the home owner. Only the home owner is allowed to do so. •	Please help us to respect the environment and turn off the lights and heating when not in use or if you leave the house. •	Please only park"
