This apartment is your private castle in the city. Everything is freshly renovated and looks good. The modern interiour and the relaxed vibe of the house will make you feel right at home. Close to the Vondelpark and several nice restaurants and bars,"Our 3-room appartment is on the 1st floor, located ideally next to public transport, which takes you into the centre of Amsterdam in just 10 minutes (tram & bus). All types of shops are at a 1 minute walking distance at Postjesweg. Right next to our appartment there's a pizza place and an Afghan take-away. It's a lively, multicultural, safe area with a geat market nearby (Ten Cate markt). I bike here at all hours of night without feeling unsafe. Accross the road is a large park (Rembrand park) and at 10 minutes walking distance you find the famous Vondel park. We have a spacious bright living room with old wooden floors made of shelves on which cheese used to ripen. The open kitchen has a large oven & gas-burners. The house is double-glazed so limited noise can be heard from the street. There is a large bathroom adjacent to the livingroom. The bedroom has a huge brand-new box-spring bed (180cmx220cm). Linen is provided. Attached to the bedroom is a spacious shower with washingmachine. ","This apartment is your private castle in the city. Everything is freshly renovated and looks good. The modern interiour and the relaxed vibe of the house will make you feel right at home. Close to the Vondelpark and several nice restaurants and bars Our 3-room appartment is on the 1st floor, located ideally next to public transport, which takes you into the centre of Amsterdam in just 10 minutes (tram & bus). All types of shops are at a 1 minute walking distance at Postjesweg. Right next to our appartment there's a pizza place and an Afghan take-away. It's a lively, multicultural, safe area with a geat market nearby (Ten Cate markt). I bike here at all hours of night without feeling unsafe. Accross the road is a large park (Rembrand park) and at 10 minutes walking distance you find the famous Vondel park. We have a spacious bright living room with old wooden floors made of shelves on which cheese used to ripen. The open kitchen has a large oven & gas-burners. The house is double-glazed","There are many nice cafe's and restaurant in this upcoming part of Amsterdam. We like cafe Edel (5 minutes walk towards Kinkerstraat), which is on the waterfront, always has sunshine and has great food & people. Caffe Oslo is also a good one, good coffee there, as well as the trendy cafe Zola (corner of Kinkerstraat/Bilderdijk).",Tram 1 and 17,"House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
