"The private room on my houseboat is not big but comfortable for 2 people. It's central in the Jordaan but also has a feeling of freedom with  a great view over the canal with boats, ducks, geese and other waterbirds passing. Please no smoking and no drugs.","Romantic private room on a houseboat with , a lovely view and large windows. It has a double couchbed, kitchenette, microwave, toaster oven; bathroom with shower and toilet. Internet and airco. The airco cools and also heats, so you can make your own climate. Flat screen TV and DVD-player and some dvd-s. The studio comes with bathroom and kitchen towels and bedlinen. As you can see on the pictures it has a great view on the Canal Singelgracht which makes the location quite unique. Besides that it is very quite, double glasing. The location is in the historical citycenter called the Jordaan. Market, cafes, terrasses, restaurants. Central station, bus 18 or 21 at less than 10 minutes. Musea and other interesting places are easy reachable by bike, bus or tram.  We always say that everything you do by bike takes max. 20 minutes. The Marnixbad a public swimming pool/sport centre at less than 100m. On Saturdays there is a local market, fresh fish, vegetables, flowers etc. at the Lindengracht","The private room on my houseboat is not big but comfortable for 2 people. It's central in the Jordaan but also has a feeling of freedom with  a great view over the canal with boats, ducks, geese and other waterbirds passing. Please no smoking and no drugs. Romantic private room on a houseboat with , a lovely view and large windows. It has a double couchbed, kitchenette, microwave, toaster oven; bathroom with shower and toilet. Internet and airco. The airco cools and also heats, so you can make your own climate. Flat screen TV and DVD-player and some dvd-s. The studio comes with bathroom and kitchen towels and bedlinen. As you can see on the pictures it has a great view on the Canal Singelgracht which makes the location quite unique. Besides that it is very quite, double glasing. The location is in the historical citycenter called the Jordaan. Market, cafes, terrasses, restaurants. Central station, bus 18 or 21 at less than 10 minutes. Musea and other interesting places are easy reachab","It's a village in the city. Nice people, shops, cafe's, terasses, restaurants. And not far from everything else in Amsterdam.",Tram 3 and 10 to the museum district and several other places of interest like the Heineken experience. Bus 18 and 21 to Central station.,"€100 refundable damage fee. Quiet after midnight, please. Internet and airco. As it is a houseboat the connection to the public sewer system works with pumps. These can easily get clogged when anything else is thrown in the toilet besides your things and toilet paper. The last bill I got was €500, that was not amusing. So please pay attention. Smoking is absolutely not allowed. No tobacco or anything else!! I will put a claim on your damage deposit if I smell this request has been violated. Sorry. Please contact me if you miss anything or want to know something."
