"A spatious and chill appartement, close to the central Vondelpark and entertainment area. The living has all one could wish: a fully equiped open kitchen, a comfy couch, home-made furniture. All relaxed and down to earth, with a sunny garden. If you book for 2 persons only the double bed will be prepared. If you book for more people more beds will be prepared. Picture of the other sleepingrooms are missing, the are originally children rooms. Family bookings will get priority.","A 1930s house of 70 m2 near Vondelpark, Amsterdams central park with park theater, open-air cafes and restaurants. About 10 min. tram or bike to center and museumsquare with Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk museum and  entertainment area at Leidseplein. All kinds of shops around the corner.  The house is open and warm, with the garden on the southside of the house you can have pleasant apperatives before dinner. The garden is sunny and silent. An excellent kitchen is waiting for you, with microwave, heatoven, gas, dishwasher, refridgerator, enough pots and pans and possibilities to prepare a freshly made dinner. Even fresh herbs in the garden. And we have a cat that would love to have his dinner as well. The house has 2 adult bedrooms with double bed and 1 childrens bedroom where 2 can sleep. A bathroom with shower and seperate tub. The house has free internet. Linnen included. There is a paid parking possibility in front of the house. It is possibile to do laundry in the ","A 1930s house of 70 m2 near Vondelpark, Amsterdams central park with park theater, open-air cafes and restaurants. About 10 min. tram or bike to center and museumsquare with Van Goghmuseum, Rijksmuseum and the Stedelijk museum and  entertainment area at Leidseplein. All kinds of shops around the corner.  The house is open and warm, with the garden on the southside of the house you can have pleasant apperatives before dinner. The garden is sunny and silent. An excellent kitchen is waiting for you, with microwave, heatoven, gas, dishwasher, refridgerator, enough pots and pans and possibilities to prepare a freshly made dinner. Even fresh herbs in the garden. And we have a cat that would love to have his dinner as well. The house has 2 adult bedrooms with double bed and 1 childrens bedroom where 2 can sleep. A bathroom with shower and seperate tub. The house has free internet. Linnen included. There is a paid parking possibility in front of the house. It is possibile to do laundry in the ",The neighbourhood is quit and relaxed and still close to the citycenter and other must see's.,On both sides of the house there are squares from where tram and buses leave to all kind of location. The house is easy to reach from the airport by train and tram it takes maximum 30 minutes.,Open en relaxed. Feel free and leave no trace
