"The former cabin of the ship's captain (about 40 m2) has a private terrace with a fabulous water view.  Easy accessible by car and public transport services. Close to the city centre. Please note: we do not allow any drugs (including smoking/storing weed/cannabis/420) aboard our ship. If you plan to take drugs during your visit to Amsterdam, please book another apartment. Thanks!","Upstairs are a living room with a large couch, a pantry with a microwave and a fridge (no stove), a TV and DVD, and a safe. And a spacious, private terrace. Downstairs you find a King size bed (180x200cm / 71x79inch), airconditioning, showers ensuite, and a separate toilet. We will have some free welcome drinks ready for you, as well as some coffee (Nespresso), tea, and some snacks. In addition, we provide towels, bathrobes, slippers, and some Rituals amenities (e.g., soap, shampoo).","The former cabin of the ship's captain (about 40 m2) has a private terrace with a fabulous water view.  Easy accessible by car and public transport services. Close to the city centre. Please note: we do not allow any drugs (including smoking/storing weed/cannabis/420) aboard our ship. If you plan to take drugs during your visit to Amsterdam, please book another apartment. Thanks! Upstairs are a living room with a large couch, a pantry with a microwave and a fridge (no stove), a TV and DVD, and a safe. And a spacious, private terrace. Downstairs you find a King size bed (180x200cm / 71x79inch), airconditioning, showers ensuite, and a separate toilet. We will have some free welcome drinks ready for you, as well as some coffee (Nespresso), tea, and some snacks. In addition, we provide towels, bathrobes, slippers, and some Rituals amenities (e.g., soap, shampoo). During your stay, we will be happy to assist you, and will try to make your stay as comfortable as possible. It takes a three mi",,"It takes a three minute walk to the stop of Tram 10, and Bus 48 and 65, and the night bus. Travel with Tram 10 within 10 min. to Artis Zoo, Nemo Science Museum and the Maritime Museum, and within 15 min. to the Albert Cuyp Market, the Rijksmuseum and the Leidseplein.","- No smoking inside (only at your private terrace). - No drugs aboard our ship, including storing weed/420/cannabis inside your apartment. This is very important to us! If you plan to stay in Amsterdam because you will be able to easily buy and smoke weed, then we would like you to book a hostel or hotel in the city centre. We simply definitely do not want any kind of drugs aboard our ship!  - Only put toilet paper into the toilet, no other things, because of the ship's sewage pump. - A maximum of two guests only. Please do not invite friends or family, because of local regulations – and consequently large fines for us if these regulations are being violated...   Thank you!"
