"Completely renovated romantic rooftop apartment in one of the most cosy and romantic places in Amsterdam. Near to the heart of the c entre and Leidseplein filled with nice restaurant, bars, nightclubs etc. The museum area is also on a walk distance.",Fully renovated 1 bedroom apartment - Bright and cosy living room and open kitchen with a beautiful view overlooking the street. Comfortable bedroom. Also a high quality aerobed is available for additional guests. Bathroom - with bath and a separate shower. The kitchen is equipped with all possible desires. The spacious rooftop terrace has a spectacular view of Amsterdam. Hi speed wifi is available.  ,"Completely renovated romantic rooftop apartment in one of the most cosy and romantic places in Amsterdam. Near to the heart of the c entre and Leidseplein filled with nice restaurant, bars, nightclubs etc. The museum area is also on a walk distance. Fully renovated 1 bedroom apartment - Bright and cosy living room and open kitchen with a beautiful view overlooking the street. Comfortable bedroom. Also a high quality aerobed is available for additional guests. Bathroom - with bath and a separate shower. The kitchen is equipped with all possible desires. The spacious rooftop terrace has a spectacular view of Amsterdam. Hi speed wifi is available.   You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. Oud-West is one of the oldest and most beaut","Oud-West is one of the oldest and most beautiful neighbourhoods of Amsterdam with al lot of cafes and gourmet restaurants. Besides, it's very close to the inner-city (3min walk to the canals). Because of it's central location you will be near to all curiosities and important points of interest.  Damsquare: 1.8km Centraal Station: 2.6 km Museumsquare: 1.4km","LOCATION HIGHLIGHTS:  •Access to and from Schiphol in 20 minutes by bus, train or taxi •Amsterdam Central Train Station is 15 minutes by tram (tram 1, one stop after Leidseplein) and by bus or 30 minutes by feet. •Everywhere you want to go in walking distance! Walking distance to Vondelpark (5 minutes), to Leidsplein (5 minutes), to Jordaan (5 minutes), to Museum district (10 minutes), to the nicest shopping area 'the 9 streets' (2 minutes) and much much more!  •Nice markets, boutique shops, supermarkets and many nice bars and restaurants just around the corner","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
