"Stylish and romantic houseboat on fantastic historic location with breathtaking view. Your own entrance!  Wheelhouse, deckhouse and captains room. Central, quiet. Great breakfast, 2 vanMoof design bikes and a Canadian Canoe are included. Just read the reviews on tripadvisor for instance!","For a romantic couple: A beautifully restored traditional dutch barge, M.s. Luctor, with all modern comfords, your own entrance, three rooms,(sleeping room, deckhouse and wheelhouse) with two bikes and a canadian canoe to explore the city. Have your breakfast weather permitting on the large jetty. (You  might want to give a piece of your fresh fruit to our Greek turtle...) Organic products, a variety of cheese, fresh orange juice and croisants... We are member of green-hotels (ECEAT) and care for the enviroment. (We just installed solar pannels! A lot of questions can be answered on boat (Website hidden by Airbnb) there is a button with Frequently Asked Questions.)  The location is superb, fantastic view and everything that makes Amsterdam great,shops, restaurants, cafe's, red light district, musea, cinema's, theatre, is close by!  There is wifi available, but more important: we know the city and can help you to find whatever you're looking for. Central station is on foot aprox. ten mi","Stylish and romantic houseboat on fantastic historic location with breathtaking view. Your own entrance!  Wheelhouse, deckhouse and captains room. Central, quiet. Great breakfast, 2 vanMoof design bikes and a Canadian Canoe are included. Just read the reviews on tripadvisor for instance! For a romantic couple: A beautifully restored traditional dutch barge, M.s. Luctor, with all modern comfords, your own entrance, three rooms,(sleeping room, deckhouse and wheelhouse) with two bikes and a canadian canoe to explore the city. Have your breakfast weather permitting on the large jetty. (You  might want to give a piece of your fresh fruit to our Greek turtle...) Organic products, a variety of cheese, fresh orange juice and croisants... We are member of green-hotels (ECEAT) and care for the enviroment. (We just installed solar pannels! A lot of questions can be answered on boat (Website hidden by Airbnb) there is a button with Frequently Asked Questions.)  The location is superb, fantastic vi","Central, quiet, safe, clean and beautiful.","cental station aprox. 10 minutes on foot, busstop 80 meters away, and 2 bikes free of charge.","All the facilities  are included ( cleaning , towels , bed linen , heating , WIFI) ."
