"Do Amsterdam the authentic way; in a traditional houseboat! It's situated right at the Northern Market (famous for it's saturday food market) in the Jordaan area, where all the vintage boutiques and good restaurants are situated. You'll feel like 'th","DINING AT A SWORD The houseboat is a studio apartment which was very recently fully refurbished and equipped with a new killer kitchen. This boat is the perfect place to invite your guests to; and have them sit at the huge dining table made of an old boats sword. But you could also dine on top on the roof terrace off course:-0 TAKE A BIKE, STRANGER!  You'll a be 4 minute walk from Anne Frank's house and just 5 from Amsterdam Central Station. Amsterdam is not very big, so you'll get to about everywhere (like the van Gogh Museum and the Hermitage) within 15 minutes on your supercool rental bike. NUDITY  Please note there is some slightly explicit - but fairly cool - art on the walls, and people on boats coming by the big window on the canal will love you for it (please wave back!)... THE LOCAL THING Like any city, to enjoy Amsterdam the best way, you need a local connection. I like to be a good host - so if you want to i can get you all the info you need on what’s hot and what’s not.  Ju","Do Amsterdam the authentic way; in a traditional houseboat! It's situated right at the Northern Market (famous for it's saturday food market) in the Jordaan area, where all the vintage boutiques and good restaurants are situated. You'll feel like 'th DINING AT A SWORD The houseboat is a studio apartment which was very recently fully refurbished and equipped with a new killer kitchen. This boat is the perfect place to invite your guests to; and have them sit at the huge dining table made of an old boats sword. But you could also dine on top on the roof terrace off course:-0 TAKE A BIKE, STRANGER!  You'll a be 4 minute walk from Anne Frank's house and just 5 from Amsterdam Central Station. Amsterdam is not very big, so you'll get to about everywhere (like the van Gogh Museum and the Hermitage) within 15 minutes on your supercool rental bike. NUDITY  Please note there is some slightly explicit - but fairly cool - art on the walls, and people on boats coming by the big window on the canal ","Обнаженная натура.  Обратите внимание, что на стенах висят картины - красивые, но слегка откровенные. И это очень нравится людям на лодках, проходящих мимо большого окна. Пожалуйста, машите им в ответ! ","Приветствие в стране.  Как и любой другой город, Амстердам лучше исследовать вместе с кем-нибудь местным. Я радушный хозяин и поэтому с удовольствием расскажу все возможное о городе, модных местечках и пр. Вам нужно только сказать мне, как именно вы хотели бы провести время!","- smoking discouraged (it's bad for you!) but allowed out of the window - animals allowed, but be aware that a boat is on water and the quay is steep - please enjoy the retro hifi sound system (we do) but mind the neighbors after 11 - no more than 10 guests (fire regulations) on board at one time - throwing cottons in the toilet will sink the boat and it has a nasty siren system - you should be older than 21 to book this app. Passport required."
