All information about this beautiful apartment as below:,"This newly renovated apartment is a typical Amsterdam style house. Where you don't have an elevator but where you walk up the stairs. Three in total. There is a cozy living room with a lounge sofa, dining table and open kitchen. The bedroom has a 2 person so called box-spring bed, there is a new bathroom with bath tub and shower, washing machine and clean towels. Next to the bathroom is a separate toilet. The kitchen is equipped with combi micro-wave, nespresso coffee machine including cups, toaster and all appliances you need. There is a flat screen TV, DVD recorder and wireless internet. The apartment is centrally located in the so called ""hoofddorppleinbuurt' area. In between the Surinamerplein and the Hoofddorpplein. Only 2 minutes walking from the Vondelpark and nearby are several trendy cafes and restaurants where you may go for drinks, lunch or dinner. Also supermarket, a fresh bakery, butcher and nice little shops are within walking distance. Tram (number: 1,2,17) and bus lines","All information about this beautiful apartment as below: This newly renovated apartment is a typical Amsterdam style house. Where you don't have an elevator but where you walk up the stairs. Three in total. There is a cozy living room with a lounge sofa, dining table and open kitchen. The bedroom has a 2 person so called box-spring bed, there is a new bathroom with bath tub and shower, washing machine and clean towels. Next to the bathroom is a separate toilet. The kitchen is equipped with combi micro-wave, nespresso coffee machine including cups, toaster and all appliances you need. There is a flat screen TV, DVD recorder and wireless internet. The apartment is centrally located in the so called ""hoofddorppleinbuurt' area. In between the Surinamerplein and the Hoofddorpplein. Only 2 minutes walking from the Vondelpark and nearby are several trendy cafes and restaurants where you may go for drinks, lunch or dinner. Also supermarket, a fresh bakery, butcher and nice little shops are wit","This apartment is centrally located in de so called 'Hoofddorppleinbuurt' area. In between Surinamerplein and Hoofddorpplein. Only two minutes walking from the Vondelpark and nearby are several trendy cafes and restaurants were you can go for drinks, lunch and dinner. Also a supermarket, a fresh bakery, butcher and many more nice shops are within walking distance. The Van Gogh museum, Rijks Museum, the Concert Building and the entertainment area 'the Leidseplein' and ' the Rembrandplein' are in the neighborhood. A 15 minute walk through the Vondelpark brings you to the heart of the city centre. I would advice you to explore Amsterdam by bike. The best you can do! You can rent them in the neighborhood","The apartment is located in a safe and tranquil residential You can take tram number 1, 2 and 17 to the city. And there are also many bus lines to bring you wherever you need to go in Amsterdam. Taxi from airport to my place is in about 15 minutes and will cost you around 35 euro's. My advice to explore Amsterdam is rent a bike! You can rent them close to my apartment or via internet.","Age above 25 jaar, preference goes to couples.  Smoking only outside.  Close windows and doors properly when leaving the apartment.  Half an hour before arrival get in contact with me by phone so that I can be on time for your check inn."
