"A cozy and stylishly decorated apartment, spread over two floors right at the world famous market on the Albert Cuypstraat. In addition to an open kitchen, a large living/dining-area the apartment has a bedroom at the rear of the house. ","We’ve been very lucky having this apartment, because of its central location in Amsterdam, above the most famous street market in Holland. We furnished our home with love and care, and we have installed a lot of modern conveniences both for ourselves, and for our guests. ","A cozy and stylishly decorated apartment, spread over two floors right at the world famous market on the Albert Cuypstraat. In addition to an open kitchen, a large living/dining-area the apartment has a bedroom at the rear of the house.  We’ve been very lucky having this apartment, because of its central location in Amsterdam, above the most famous street market in Holland. We furnished our home with love and care, and we have installed a lot of modern conveniences both for ourselves, and for our guests.  Apart from our private working space, our guest can make use of the entire apartment.  This includes our: - Big living room - Dining-area with an open kitchen - Bathroom with toilet - Bedroom upstairs  - Big wardrobe  The amenities you can use: - A fully equipped kitchen with Coffee machine/Waterboiler/Juicer/Electric Oven - Washing machine  - Dishwasher - Allot of CD's, DVD's and books - 50Mb WiFi  - A Hifi-Soundsystem - A sizable flat-screen TV with Cable TV (and a Xbox360)  If we a","The neighborhood around the Albert Cuyp street market is one of the coolest and liveliest quarters of Amsterdam, at a stones throw distance from the: - City Center/Red Light District (10 min) - The Museum Square (5 min) - Leidse Square (5 min) - The Vondelpark  (10 min)  - Anne Frank House (15 min) As you walk straight into the Market when you leave the house, we recommend cooking your own meal from time to time with the amazing fresh ingredients that you can buy there.  However, should you prefer to eat out or take away there is an abundance of restaurants with cuisines from all over the world, like: - Asian Food: Thai, Indonesian, Chinese, Japanese, Korean  - Surinamese Food - European Food: Greek, Spanish, Italian - Amazing New York Burgers Even in the middle of the night you can still get delicious kebab-sandwiches and Turkish pizzas. In short, there is also a MacDonalds around the corner, but you would be mad to go there :)  Further more there are sidewalk cafés at every street co","Our apartment is very well-served by public transportation, because its so close to the city’s main through road.  Tramline 16 and 24 that you can take practically in front of our door will take you directly from the Central Station (15 minutes by train from Schiphol) to our house, and within 10 minutes to Dam Square and 5 minutes to the Museum Square.  A little further down you can take trams 3 and 12, which will take you to the Eastern and Western part of the city without having to transfer.","We want our guest to feel at home and enjoy the comforts of our house and the neighborhood, and treat it with the same love and care which we have put into the creation of our home.  Please follow the instructions we have supplied for our appliances.  As we are surrounded by neighbors, don’t create any disturbance.  We don’t have any pet, and they are not allowed. Smoking is only allowed in the living room and not at the second floor."
