"Light, spacious and beautiful apartment that has a sunny roof top terrace. Perfect for your morning coffee! This apartment has it all: beautiful, luxurious kitchen with all amenities, clean bathroom, a light bedroom with comfortable double bed and last but not least: rooftop terrace, which basically means: sun all day long! It's the perfect place for your city getaway, you can relax here after a long day of exploring and enjoying the city. Please make yourself at home and be welcome!","The property is located at the 3rd floor and is designed with your comfort in mind.  An elegant dining table and chairs enable you to make meal times comfortable and it's of course the perfect time to plan tomorrow's adventures in town together. The beautiful eye catcher is the big size blue SMEG refrigerator. Where you can store your food and beverages, which you have buy from the nearby convenience stores and supermarkets.  The apartment also features a private bathroom fitted with two sinks, a bathtub, shower and toilet. There are two toilets in this appartement, the other toilet is on the entrance floor.     There is a specious and light bedroom, where you can relax and sleep after a full day of impressions from this beautiful city of Amsterdam!  And lost but not least there is a sunny roof top terrace at your disposal. Her you can fully relax and make use of the lounge-beds and enjoy the sunset.","Light, spacious and beautiful apartment that has a sunny roof top terrace. Perfect for your morning coffee! This apartment has it all: beautiful, luxurious kitchen with all amenities, clean bathroom, a light bedroom with comfortable double bed and last but not least: rooftop terrace, which basically means: sun all day long! It's the perfect place for your city getaway, you can relax here after a long day of exploring and enjoying the city. Please make yourself at home and be welcome! The property is located at the 3rd floor and is designed with your comfort in mind.  An elegant dining table and chairs enable you to make meal times comfortable and it's of course the perfect time to plan tomorrow's adventures in town together. The beautiful eye catcher is the big size blue SMEG refrigerator. Where you can store your food and beverages, which you have buy from the nearby convenience stores and supermarkets.  The apartment also features a private bathroom fitted with two sinks, a bathtub, ","It is located in hip and happening Amsterdam West, a 5 minute ride from the city center. You find lunch and coffee places, restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. There are lots of stores and a daily market in a direct surrounding",-By bike you are within 10 minutes in the city  centre.  -Public transport is just around the corner.  -By car you are within 3 minutes on the highway.,
