"Spacious apartment w. sunny terrace. Parking available. Parks, shops, day market, public transport and a near exit to the high-way at your doorstep. Please be aware, the apartment is 15 minutes from city centre!!","Large spacey and modern (2008) apartment with a large sunny terrace (70m2). The apartment has its own private and secure underground parking space. The apartment is on the first floor and has an elevator. Attractive, safe and quiet neighbourhood. Apartment is located above a police station. There are lots of shops, restaurants, bars and cafe's around and even a day market. The apartment has one large living room with open kitchen. One master bedroom with comfortable double bed and a second bedroom with two bunk beds. The couch in the living room can also  be used as a daybed or extra double bed.  Washing machine, dish washer and oven/microwave. Kitchen fully equipped. 15 minutes from city centre and 15 minutes from Schiphol Airport. 5 minutes to railway station. 1 minute to tram and bus connections Many shops just across the road. Excellent connections both by car as well as public transport into downtown and outside of Amsterdam. Just 15 minutes to the main attractions, like Van Gogh ","Spacious apartment w. sunny terrace. Parking available. Parks, shops, day market, public transport and a near exit to the high-way at your doorstep. Please be aware, the apartment is 15 minutes from city centre!! Large spacey and modern (2008) apartment with a large sunny terrace (70m2). The apartment has its own private and secure underground parking space. The apartment is on the first floor and has an elevator. Attractive, safe and quiet neighbourhood. Apartment is located above a police station. There are lots of shops, restaurants, bars and cafe's around and even a day market. The apartment has one large living room with open kitchen. One master bedroom with comfortable double bed and a second bedroom with two bunk beds. The couch in the living room can also  be used as a daybed or extra double bed.  Washing machine, dish washer and oven/microwave. Kitchen fully equipped. 15 minutes from city centre and 15 minutes from Schiphol Airport. 5 minutes to railway station. 1 minute to tr","Residential and very quiet area in a trendy neighbourhood.  The apartment itself is very quiet. Perfect for families or small groups. A broad range of shops, supermarkets and restaurants are just around the corner. There's public transport right at the doorstep, that will take you in no time to the main attractions of the city.","Excellent connections to tram, bus and train. Literally at the doorstep of the apartment. A main train station is reachable just one stop with the bus. From there it is a few stops to Schiphol Airport.","The Roof Terrace Apartment is a non-smoking apartment, which is located in a lively neighborhood. It is a residential area and people love the tranquillity of the apartment building. We appreciate when you respect this, mainly by being quiet between 9pm and 7am. Especially, no group activity on the terrace and in the hallways. No smoking of weed on the terrace or in the house! The apartment has a wooden floor. It is therefore requested that you dry the floor when it gets wet."
