"DESIGN, CENTRAL, ZEN, QUIET, BRIGHT flat with the most amazing PRIVATE ROOFTERRACE 360' view of central Amsterdam skyline, in the best central canals area: Jordaan. Superb views. Better than anything else in this price range. Very rare find.","My home is a one bedroom 'design' flat  situated on the top floor of a fully renovated 1899 building,  with old wooden beams and wooden floors  - Private roofterrace with amazing 360' views on central Amsterdam skyline. This is a unique roofterrace without any higher buildings around. Very quiet yet very centrally located in the best central (canals) Amsterdam area: De Jordaan  - It is situated in front of a small park and in between two canals with views on canals, houseboats and on two (!) drawbridges (one modern, one old).  - It is a very bright flat, being on the 4th FLOOR  and having many small roofwindows. Note there is NO ELEVATOR and stairs are typical Amsterdam, quite steep.   - Elegant bathroom with a bathtub, which is rare in Amsterdam --and a very spacious shower. - Fully equipped modern open kitchen (incl. dishwasher and washing machine).  - The building was fully-renovated few years ago with double glazing, central heating etc. and won an architectural design price.  - Fr","DESIGN, CENTRAL, ZEN, QUIET, BRIGHT flat with the most amazing PRIVATE ROOFTERRACE 360' view of central Amsterdam skyline, in the best central canals area: Jordaan. Superb views. Better than anything else in this price range. Very rare find. My home is a one bedroom 'design' flat  situated on the top floor of a fully renovated 1899 building,  with old wooden beams and wooden floors  - Private roofterrace with amazing 360' views on central Amsterdam skyline. This is a unique roofterrace without any higher buildings around. Very quiet yet very centrally located in the best central (canals) Amsterdam area: De Jordaan  - It is situated in front of a small park and in between two canals with views on canals, houseboats and on two (!) drawbridges (one modern, one old).  - It is a very bright flat, being on the 4th FLOOR  and having many small roofwindows. Note there is NO ELEVATOR and stairs are typical Amsterdam, quite steep.   - Elegant bathroom with a bathtub, which is rare in Amsterdam -","Markets, restaurants and cafes at less than 3 minutes walk. You are also less than 10 min walk from Westerpark (which is so much nicer than Vondelpark).  Originally a working-class neighbourhood, the Jordaan has become one of the most expensive, upscale locations in the Netherlands.  It is home to many art galleries, particularly for modern art, and is also dotted with speciality shops and restaurants.  Markets are held regularly at Noordermarkt, the Westerstraat and Lindengracht.",- Transport: 4 buses and 2 trams stop literally at your frontdoor. You are just 4 bus stops from central station (and 20 min by taxi from Amsterdam airport).  - You can rent a bike from shops just few meters away.,"- No visitors / guests, no dinner parties / events,  no loud music.  - No drugs of course and no smoking here, this is essential - Ideal for one quiet person/couple looking to rest and rejunevate.  - Max guests = 2  (there is only one bed) - Copy of your passport is requested when you checkin"
