"18m2 room with private toilet, bathroom, fridge, sink and watercooker on 4th, top floor. Suitable for a couple (there is a smaller second room next door in the hallway for a third person: child or friend). From the bedroom: access to 30m2 roof terrace (ideal for smokers as it is no-smoking inside). Host lives on the 3rd floor. Entrance through her apartment. Near city centre. Very steep staircase! Don't bring super-big or heavy luggage.","18m2 room with private toilet bathroom, sink, fridge and watercooker on 4th, top floor, access to 30 m2 roofterrace is through a large window. There is a bit of climbing involved :-) There is a smaller room next door to the appartement for a third person: child or friend. Let me know if you are interested so we can talk about the price. I live on the 3d floor. Entrance 4th floor is through my appartement. I expect you to respect my privacy and of my neighbours (on the stairs & roofterrace). Steep stairs. Don't bring big or heavy luggage. Close to city centre, 10 minutes by bus or tram. You are in the middle of green and friendly Amsterdam West wih lots of small shops, bars and restaurants and a supermarket around the corner. My street is very quiet and peaceful. Food & drinks in bars & restaurants have friendly staff & friendly prices compared to the touristic city centre.","18m2 room with private toilet, bathroom, fridge, sink and watercooker on 4th, top floor. Suitable for a couple (there is a smaller second room next door in the hallway for a third person: child or friend). From the bedroom: access to 30m2 roof terrace (ideal for smokers as it is no-smoking inside). Host lives on the 3rd floor. Entrance through her apartment. Near city centre. Very steep staircase! Don't bring super-big or heavy luggage. 18m2 room with private toilet bathroom, sink, fridge and watercooker on 4th, top floor, access to 30 m2 roofterrace is through a large window. There is a bit of climbing involved :-) There is a smaller room next door to the appartement for a third person: child or friend. Let me know if you are interested so we can talk about the price. I live on the 3d floor. Entrance 4th floor is through my appartement. I expect you to respect my privacy and of my neighbours (on the stairs & roofterrace). Steep stairs. Don't bring big or heavy luggage. Close to city c","Mercatorplein is a lively square with shops, supermarket and cafe Zurich with big terrace. From there you walk into the Jan Evertsenstraat wich is a friendly shopping street. The Westerpark is a few stops away by bus. There you have bars and restaurants, a movie house, art galeries and the Hub. The city centre and central station are also a few tramstops away.","From Schiphol Airport Take a train to Station Sloterdijk. Take bus 15 from here and get off at Mercatorplein, it is only a few minutes walking from here to my appartement. The journey should take you no more then 30 minutes. From Central Station Take tram 13. Get off at Mercatorplein, it is only a few minutes walking from here to my appartement. The journey should take you no more then 20 minutes.",No smoking exept outside (roof terrace).  No shoes in the house - please take them off before you come in.  Guests are expected to behave like I do: friendly and with respect for people and the environment. If you loose the keys to the appartement you pay €100 so I can have the locks changed immediately ;-) Check out is before 10:00 check in is after 18:00 unless we have made a different arrangement.
