The house has an unique and very spacious living room. It also comes with a nice rooftop terrace. It is located in one of the oldest parts of Amsterdam (Jordaan) and is a 10 minutes walk from Central Station. Public transportation is also possible.,This place unique because it's a really big house in the centre of Amsterdam (the Jordaan). The Jordaan is known for it's small streets in the oldest part of Amsterdam. With the rooftop terrace you can see an amazing few of the whole old part of Amsterdam. ,"The house has an unique and very spacious living room. It also comes with a nice rooftop terrace. It is located in one of the oldest parts of Amsterdam (Jordaan) and is a 10 minutes walk from Central Station. Public transportation is also possible. This place unique because it's a really big house in the centre of Amsterdam (the Jordaan). The Jordaan is known for it's small streets in the oldest part of Amsterdam. With the rooftop terrace you can see an amazing few of the whole old part of Amsterdam. You will have access to all the rooms and that means you can use the TV, WIFI, all the kitchen equipment, board games, xbox, bathtub, shower, rooftop. You can call whenever you need me. If you call us before you reach the central station we can pick you up and bring you to the house. We also tell you what are the best places to visit in the night and during the day. This is the most beautiful part of Amsterdam. Several authentic bars, nice shops for clothes, sandwichshops and restaurants a","This is the most beautiful part of Amsterdam. Several authentic bars, nice shops for clothes, sandwichshops and restaurants are in a range of 50 meters. And on Saturday there is a market very near from the house.  Popular sites to visit like the Anne Frank House or Dam square are under a 10 minute walk.",In a 3 minute walk you can find a tram and busstation who can bring to other places in Amsterdam. Also the central station is only a 10 minutes walk and easy to get to with public transportation.,We will expect you will treat the house with respect and that it will be clean after you leave. It is also not allowed to have parties at the house or make loud noises after 01:00 AM. If these rules are violated the deposit will not be returned.
