"Fantastic loft apartment with stunning rooftop terrace in one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in the centre of Amsterdam, next to Vondelpark.","An entire loft apartment for up to 3 people, all to yourself in the most sought-after neighborhood in the centre of Amsterdam! You are going to love it here! It's an entire apartment, (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) , redecorated this year. The apartment is spacious, light and airy with a huge rooftop terrace! It has the best view over Amsterdam in all 4 directons!  New furniture on the rooftop terrace. The bedroom has a kingsize bed, and there is (room for) a 2nd bed in the living room or the bedroom.  The bathroom is very bright and large with an excellent shower with good water pressure. And it's super clean! The kitchen is ideal for making breakfast or dinner, but of course you also can enjoy some of the best take out food, or have something to eat at the many nearby lunchrooms or restaurants. About Amsterdam: Recently the canals celebrated their 400th birthday, with many celebrations all year round. Lonely Planet elected Amsterdam as the 2nd best City destination IN THE WORLD!  Jo","Fantastic loft apartment with stunning rooftop terrace in one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in the centre of Amsterdam, next to Vondelpark. An entire loft apartment for up to 3 people, all to yourself in the most sought-after neighborhood in the centre of Amsterdam! You are going to love it here! It's an entire apartment, (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) , redecorated this year. The apartment is spacious, light and airy with a huge rooftop terrace! It has the best view over Amsterdam in all 4 directons!  New furniture on the rooftop terrace. The bedroom has a kingsize bed, and there is (room for) a 2nd bed in the living room or the bedroom.  The bathroom is very bright and large with an excellent shower with good water pressure. And it's super clean! The kitchen is ideal for making breakfast or dinner, but of course you also can enjoy some of the best take out food, or have something to eat at the many nearby lunchrooms or restaurants. About Amsterdam: Recently the canals celeb","Amsterdam Oud West is part of the city centre. It is the most sought-after neighborhood in Amsterdam. In the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and van Gogh Museum. Do go and visit ""de 9 straatjes"" (9 little streets), a great shopping area, and the canals nearby.  At the end of my street you'll find great bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants.  Public transport stops right in front of your doorstep, so you never have to stay in one place. I love living here. The neighborhood is quiet but near everything! I love the appartment, It's the top floor so a lot of light and the best view over amsterdam in all 4 directions! It's light, clean and spacious. Come and see for youself, you're most welcome!","Public transport stops right in front of your doorstep, so you never have to stay in one place. Dam square and Central Station are just a few tramstops away. Amsterdam is a small city, most of the highlights are within a waking distance, but you might consider taking a bicycle as well. For a taxi, I prefer Uber Taxi, as they are much more reliable then regular taxis. Uber Taxi is also much cheaper then other taxis. If you have never used Uber before, I have a discount voucher you can use, so your first ride is for free. Download the Uber app in the appstore and enter the promocode ""uberjanto""","Security deposit: EUR 300,- No Pets No smoking inside Upon request and availability, check in and check out can be flexible. I ask my guests to leave the apartment as clean as the way you found it. You can choose if you want to clean the apartment yourself after your stay, then of course you don't pay anything extra. Or,  if you want me to clean the apartment for you, that is ok, then I ask a cleaning fee of EUR 50,- When you rent this apartment I will ask a key and security deposit of 300 euros, to make sure everything will be nice and clean after you leaving. It is not allowed to smoke inside, you can on the 40m2 rooftop terrace. I love cats and dogs, but the stairs aren't suitable for dogs. I'm not too keen on pets in my apartment but contact me if you want to bring your pet along. If you want to invite other people to my apartment, please ask me in advance for permission. And please mind my neighbors -don't make to much noise- they are really nice people!  And, don't forget to enjo"
