,"Luxuruous 3 rooms-apartment 85 m2  with rooftop terrace 30m2 This luxuruous 85m2 top floor apartment with 30m2 rooftop terrace is located in de Baarsjes right next to Oud-West. The apartment is located a stone throw away from the bustling shopping area on the Kinkerstraat. The centre and Vondelpark are accessible in 5 mins. by bike.  Public transport to the center, airport or out of town are nearby. Even though Chasséstraat is a quite street it is between to lively streets with lots of shops, nice bars and top quality restaurants. - Large oven  - 5 pit stove  - dishwashing machine  - washing machine  - dryer  - Big screen television  - Modern furniture  - Bathroom with 2 sinks, bath and shower  - Seperate toilet  - 30m2 rooftop terrace!!!!  - Large living room with kitchen and bar  - a private bedroom with lock - wide stairs to the apartment - wireless internet","Luxuruous 3 rooms-apartment 85 m2  with rooftop terrace 30m2 This luxuruous 85m2 top floor apartment with 30m2 rooftop terrace is located in de Baarsjes right next to Oud-West. The apartment is located a stone throw away from the bustling shopping area on the Kinkerstraat. The centre and Vondelpark are accessible in 5 mins. by bike.  Public transport to the center, airport or out of town are nearby. Even though Chasséstraat is a quite street it is between to lively streets with lots of shops, nice bars and top quality restaurants. - Large oven  - 5 pit stove  - dishwashing machine  - washing machine  - dryer  - Big screen television  - Modern furniture  - Bathroom with 2 sinks, bath and shower  - Seperate toilet  - 30m2 rooftop terrace!!!!  - Large living room with kitchen and bar  - a private bedroom with lock - wide stairs to the apartment - wireless internet Apart from the bedroom there's a terrace with a wonderful view of the city to enjoy. You are welcome to us the modern kitchen ","Walking through the old West area is enjoyable for many reasons; Kinkerstraat and Jan Pieter Heijestraat for your shoppings and coffeebars. Ten Katemarkt - outdoor market the de Clercqstraat for the better restaurants De Hallen with Foodhallen, indoor market and cinema Vondelpark is a 10 minute walk","There are connections to all parts of town;  - tram 12 stretches almost the whole city from north to south, Station Sloterdijk to Amstel Station. Passes many sights, Stedelijk Museum, van Gogh Museum, popular de Pijp area. - Tram 13 brings you to Central Station straight through the heart of Amsterdam - Tram 14 also goes through the center heading to the east of Amsterdam Many bike rental options are nearby",- no smoking in the house - after ten p.m. the noise has to go down to a level that neighbours can't bothered
