"We offer on the groundfloor a bedroom, a patio with palm tree where you can sit very private (also after the sauna), a study and a kitchenette. There is a garage for your car (12,50 p/d). The use of the sauna costs 10 euro, but the first time it's free of charge. The bed is, 2 mtr. long and 1.20 wide (small). The place is special because it's the most lively neighbourghood in the city, loved by locals. With many restaurants, shops and the longest market in the Netherlands around the corner.","Close to the centre, only 15 minutes walk to the Dam square, 5 minutes from the Heineken Brewery and 10 minutes walk from Rijksmuseum, you find this sunny bedroom with  kitchenette, study and patio on the ground floor of a totally renovated house, built in 1895. A heavenly tranquility in the middle of one of the most vibrant areas in the city. Optionally there is also a garage for rent for 12,50 euro a day. The house has bright colors and it offers a perfect combination of old details with modern comfort.  The large palm tree in the middle of the patio is beautiful. The room is fairly exclusive and very relaxing with a private sauna and boxspring of 1.20 mtr. wide and 2.10 mtr. long. From the bed you can watch televison. The room has a large skylight with an electrical operated curtain. In the room is a bathroom with toilet, sink and shower. The patio offers privacy  to cool off after the sauna, or to take a  sun bath. The study/office has to be shared, but is daily available and you c","We offer on the groundfloor a bedroom, a patio with palm tree where you can sit very private (also after the sauna), a study and a kitchenette. There is a garage for your car (12,50 p/d). The use of the sauna costs 10 euro, but the first time it's free of charge. The bed is, 2 mtr. long and 1.20 wide (small). The place is special because it's the most lively neighbourghood in the city, loved by locals. With many restaurants, shops and the longest market in the Netherlands around the corner. Close to the centre, only 15 minutes walk to the Dam square, 5 minutes from the Heineken Brewery and 10 minutes walk from Rijksmuseum, you find this sunny bedroom with  kitchenette, study and patio on the ground floor of a totally renovated house, built in 1895. A heavenly tranquility in the middle of one of the most vibrant areas in the city. Optionally there is also a garage for rent for 12,50 euro a day. The house has bright colors and it offers a perfect combination of old details with modern co",,,"Smoking is allowed in the private patio and study. There is a Garage for your car (€12,50 p/d)."
