"PRIVATE BATHROOM / good bed (new Sept 2016) / great view / good location / breakfast table / mini fridge with drinks & snack included / privacy on own floor Light and comfortable room, on edge of city centre with a romantic view on the canal. Private bathroom. Free use of 2 Dutch bikes. NO SMOKING","THE ROOM The guest room is the front room on the lowest floor of our city apartment, with a romantic view on the canal. Three windows ensure a light and airy space, the storage bench a comfortable seat overlooking it all. Apart from the new bed, the room is decorated with vintage finds and reclaimed materials. Just off the city centre, we can assure you a good night's rest and maximum comfort: * New box spring bed  * Private bathroom with a rain shower, washstand and toilet. Towels, shampoo etc are included. * The double glazing of the windows is 6 cm, blocking out noise * The curtains are completely light blocking.  And you will have the floor to yourselves, as the back room is only available in combination with the front room, and we live upstairs. INCLUDED * WiFi * minibar filled with a drink and a snack * coffee and tea * bathroom basics * towels USE OF • 2 Dutch bikes • toaster • electric water boiler • hairdryer • iron and board  • umbrella There are plates and cutlery etc. to ea","PRIVATE BATHROOM / good bed (new Sept 2016) / great view / good location / breakfast table / mini fridge with drinks & snack included / privacy on own floor Light and comfortable room, on edge of city centre with a romantic view on the canal. Private bathroom. Free use of 2 Dutch bikes. NO SMOKING THE ROOM The guest room is the front room on the lowest floor of our city apartment, with a romantic view on the canal. Three windows ensure a light and airy space, the storage bench a comfortable seat overlooking it all. Apart from the new bed, the room is decorated with vintage finds and reclaimed materials. Just off the city centre, we can assure you a good night's rest and maximum comfort: * New box spring bed  * Private bathroom with a rain shower, washstand and toilet. Towels, shampoo etc are included. * The double glazing of the windows is 6 cm, blocking out noise * The curtains are completely light blocking.  And you will have the floor to yourselves, as the back room is only availabl","THE NEIGHBORHOOD Our house is right on the edge of the city centre, in the OOSTERPARK area, with it's own vibe and sparkle.  We are close to the zoo (Artis) and just around the corner you find the Oosterpark, the Tropen Museum, relaxed bars (Javastreet area) good food and the famous Windmill Brewery 't IJ.  The Dapper market is our daily market for fresh vegetables, cheese, fish and bread, and also fabric and clothes. Every day between 10-16, not on Sundays. Several supermarkets around the corner, on 1e van Swindenstraat (open from 8-22) and a night shop down the main street, on Linnaeusstraat (open until 01:00).","PUBLIC TRANSPORT We are well connected by public transport: - tram 9 (towards Diemen) from Central Station -> our stop is Alexanderplein, 5 minute walk to the house - train (Muiderpoort station) -> 12 minute walk - bus (22 from Central Station) -> 5 minute walk - The canal bus passes in front of our house, the stop is just 100 meters away. You can get on this 'Hop-on hop-off canal bus' at many locations throughout the city, Central Station being one of them, where you need to buy a ticket in advance. Look online for route and price. From our house: - tram 14 to Westerchurch/Anne Frank's House -> from Alexanderplein, 5 min walk - tram 9 to Central Station ->from Alexanderplein, 5 minute walk - tram 10 to Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum and Westerpark-> from Sarphatistraat, 5 min walk - tram 3 to Vondelpark -> from Wijttenbachstraat, 5 min walk PARKING Park at the P+R Zeeburg for €1 per day + the price of the tram ticket. Take exit S114 on the A14 (Amsterdam'm Circular Roa","• It is a non smoking house.  • Also the use of candles is not allowed. • Most important rule: always lock the front door. We have a cat, and although we keep her out of the room, if you are allergic to cats you may want to reconsider your stay with us."
