"Please do NOT book if travelling with suitcases BIGGER than 60 x 40 cm. Please read ALL my listing information to answer most of you questions. My apartment is on the top two floors (no elevator/lift) of a quiet 4-storey residential building in CENTER of Amsterdam. I offer an upstairs bedroom with a 2-person bed, coffee/tea facilities, 'picnic' supplies and wardrobe closet. NO KITCHEN available. IMPORTANT: Please read ITINERARY on Airbnb! Send arrival time / location AS SOON AS YOU KNOW. Thanks!","EXCELLENT location: 15 - 20 minutes walking from Central Station Amsterdam. From Schiphol airport, approximately 1 hour from the time you land to when you arrive at my apt.  Please check calendar for availability. I keep it up to date. My apartment is a quiet and relaxing oasis, in the center of the best that Amsterdam has to offer.  My apartment is located on a side street of the Prinsengracht canal, one bridge from the Anne Frank house.    I offer an upstairs bedroom overlooking an inner courtyard with a super comfortable double bed (NO kitchen facilities). The room is suitable for 1 or 2 people. There is also a hall leading into the bedroom with a wardrobe and extra cupboard for your things. The apartment entrance leads directly to the upstairs area where the room is, so when you come and go, you have your privacy. The room is small...and not suitable for guests with large suitcases(!) Flexible check-in time in consultation - Generally, you can come and drop your bags and get your k","Please do NOT book if travelling with suitcases BIGGER than 60 x 40 cm. Please read ALL my listing information to answer most of you questions. My apartment is on the top two floors (no elevator/lift) of a quiet 4-storey residential building in CENTER of Amsterdam. I offer an upstairs bedroom with a 2-person bed, coffee/tea facilities, 'picnic' supplies and wardrobe closet. NO KITCHEN available. IMPORTANT: Please read ITINERARY on Airbnb! Send arrival time / location AS SOON AS YOU KNOW. Thanks! EXCELLENT location: 15 - 20 minutes walking from Central Station Amsterdam. From Schiphol airport, approximately 1 hour from the time you land to when you arrive at my apt.  Please check calendar for availability. I keep it up to date. My apartment is a quiet and relaxing oasis, in the center of the best that Amsterdam has to offer.  My apartment is located on a side street of the Prinsengracht canal, one bridge from the Anne Frank house.    I offer an upstairs bedroom overlooking an inner cour","My home is in the Jordaan quarter, in the center and heart of Amsterdam, and one of the most picturesque parts of the city with its historical architecture, canals, and charming views. The Jordaan is known and enjoyed for its eclectic potpourri of shops, cafes, and galleries.  The central location is truly ideal and offers you Amsterdam at your doorstep. Almost all of the sites of Amsterdam are within easy and scenic walking distance.  On Mondays until 13:00 (with Flea Market) and Saturdays until 16:00 (with Farmer's Market), there are outdoor street markets just around the corner from my house, and they shouldn't be missed!  Both markets offer interesting wares, some great people-watching, and a chance to experience local life firsthand!","Public transportation is easily accessible (within a few blocks), and my home is a 15-minute walk from Amsterdam Central Station... a 3-minute walk to Anne Frank house... a 30-minute walk or less to major museums.","Respectful and quiet. You can of course, come and go as you please.  Please treat the apartment with care, and keep in mind that you have neighbors.  The apartment is a regular home in a quiet residential building. It is not an after-hours club - so no parties, no loud music, etc.  We reserve the right to remove you from the apartment if you do not follow these guidelines."
