"Cozy and comfy apartment for rent! ( 50 m2 ) near leidse plein, 3-minute walk to the ""Vondelpark"" 1 bedroom with semi-double bed, for 1 person. I might be there as well, although often away from home in the weekends. In case I'm home then the bathroom is shared, otherwise all yours! A large open living room with kitchen, dishwasher & stove included, bathroom with shower,  hairdryer, good music installation (Harman/Kardon)  2 balconies (smoking allowed on large balcony), washing machine.","The apartment is located on the border of Amsterdam’s city centre. Nearby the Leidseplein and Vondelpark. Unlike London, Paris, Berlin, Brussels or New York, Amsterdam is a very small capital. All places of interest are within easy reach from all locations.  You can easily reach the apartment by tram (number 1 from central station, stop ""J.P. Heijestraat"", just two stops away from Leidse Plein!) The city centre of Amsterdam with its famous night life, business- and shopping areas, museums and other sightseeing hotspots is less then  5 minutes by bike (3-4 minutes) and a 15 minutes walk. Bycicle rent near The house, 10 minute walk.","Cozy and comfy apartment for rent! ( 50 m2 ) near leidse plein, 3-minute walk to the ""Vondelpark"" 1 bedroom with semi-double bed, for 1 person. I might be there as well, although often away from home in the weekends. In case I'm home then the bathroom is shared, otherwise all yours! A large open living room with kitchen, dishwasher & stove included, bathroom with shower,  hairdryer, good music installation (Harman/Kardon)  2 balconies (smoking allowed on large balcony), washing machine. The apartment is located on the border of Amsterdam’s city centre. Nearby the Leidseplein and Vondelpark. Unlike London, Paris, Berlin, Brussels or New York, Amsterdam is a very small capital. All places of interest are within easy reach from all locations.  You can easily reach the apartment by tram (number 1 from central station, stop ""J.P. Heijestraat"", just two stops away from Leidse Plein!) The city centre of Amsterdam with its famous night life, business- and shopping areas, museums and other sigh",,"Schiphol --> appartment  Take the train to ""Amsterdam Lelylaan"" (6 minutes!) then transfer to the tram 1, direction ""centraal station"" stop ""J.P. Heijestraat"" (10 minutes max!)  You will be at the appartment in half an hour, if the connection is good :)","Deliver apartment at the end of your stay as clean as you found it upfront.  Smoking only outside on the large balcony with doors of balcony closed. No parties. Just 1 person. Please be honest when you break something, that's way more appreciated then saying nothing..."
