"Room on top floor in a quiet, green, upcoming neighborhood for 1 or 2 people. Panoramic view. In the kitchen and bathroom You'll find everything you need for a pleasant stay. Great connections to all parts of the city, 5 min to center.","Hi! I rent out a bedroom on the top (2nd) floor of my house that is located in a quiet zone in  Amsterdam. You can use the kitchen and the bathroom as well, so you'd have your own little apartment upstairs. Unless the other room is also rented out. then you'll have to share the bathroom and kitchen with the other guest. The apartment is light and fully furnished. If you watch streetview it gives you a wrong impression: it shows a street with flats, while in my street we only have family houses. Because we like to sleep well, I only rent the room out to civilised people who don't disturb by making loud noises. So no parties in the house, please. De bedroom is suited for 2 people and is about 12 square meters. The room also has a cupboard to put your clothes in. There's no TV. Next to the bedroom is a fully equipped kitchen that you can use, with an expandable dining tabel. On the same floor you also find a bathroom with a fairly big shower. There's wifi, free parking, a map of the city,","Room on top floor in a quiet, green, upcoming neighborhood for 1 or 2 people. Panoramic view. In the kitchen and bathroom You'll find everything you need for a pleasant stay. Great connections to all parts of the city, 5 min to center. Hi! I rent out a bedroom on the top (2nd) floor of my house that is located in a quiet zone in  Amsterdam. You can use the kitchen and the bathroom as well, so you'd have your own little apartment upstairs. Unless the other room is also rented out. then you'll have to share the bathroom and kitchen with the other guest. The apartment is light and fully furnished. If you watch streetview it gives you a wrong impression: it shows a street with flats, while in my street we only have family houses. Because we like to sleep well, I only rent the room out to civilised people who don't disturb by making loud noises. So no parties in the house, please. De bedroom is suited for 2 people and is about 12 square meters. The room also has a cupboard to put your cloth","My neighbourhood is quiet and green. Over the last years it has become a popular zone to live in, and therefore the shops near my house have become more interesting and hip.  There are a lot of nice but inexpensive little restaurants around. There are 2 markets, various supermarkets and a couple of green parks.","My house is in between train/tram/metro/bus station Sloterdijk and metro/tram/bus station Burgemeester De Vlugtlaan. By train you can be in the center of Amsterdam in 5 minutes. By tram it takes about 15 minutes. From Schiphol the train takes you to train station Sloterdijk in 15 minutes. From Sloterdijk it's a 6 minute walk to my house. If you come by car, There is free parking in front of my house.","No smoking in the house as my daughter is astmatic. In the garden it's allowed to smoke. Since I care very much about my neighbours, I ask my guests to be considerate when they enter the house late at night. No parties in the house. If you break anything, please tell me so I can fix it for the next guest."
