"★ Location - The best ★ SuperHost - AirBnB chosen few ★ Couchsurfing meets AirBnB ★ Expect a shared room, hope for a private room ★ Supporting my niece Be Aware: - The stairway is steep - No kitchen access - Shared bathroom & toilet Please send me a message before booking.",My home is in a 16th-century monumental house (2 floors) and is situated in a quieter part of Amsterdam's city center,"★ Location - The best ★ SuperHost - AirBnB chosen few ★ Couchsurfing meets AirBnB ★ Expect a shared room, hope for a private room ★ Supporting my niece Be Aware: - The stairway is steep - No kitchen access - Shared bathroom & toilet Please send me a message before booking. My home is in a 16th-century monumental house (2 floors) and is situated in a quieter part of Amsterdam's city center Fast wifi (internet plan 200 mb / 20 mb)  Easy access to the rooms without disturbing anyone when entering and exiting the house  Top floor has two bedrooms, bathroom and a separate toilet.  Both rooms have two single beds (90 cm x 200 cm) Good heather that can be easily adjusted  Towels and sheets are included Bathroom & Toilet The bathroom is spacious with a separate bath and shower. Send me a message if you have any questions. This offer was an experiment and I had really great people over so far so I decided to keep this. This interaction works best with people that are flexible, easy going, open ","My home is just a few minutes walk from the lively Dam Square, the canals and all the highlight that this great city has to offer. It is the perfect base for travelers who wish to explore Amsterdam’s nightlife. Many not-to-be-missed historic attractions, museums, and theaters are only a short walk from this listing. Both business and leisure guests will appreciate the room’s proximity to the city's excellent public transport system. I can advise guests regarding bus, train and tram service. Top shopping, canal boats and bicycle rent shops are around the corner.",Tram-stop Spui - 400 m (5 minutes walk)  Metro stop Nieuwmarkt - 500 m (6 minutes walk)  Central Railway Station – 1.1 km (15 minutes walk)  Amsterdam Schiphol Airport - 20 km,"Trust and respect are very important for me. As host I am easy going and not difficult to interact with. But I do ask to communicate any question or issues you might have. To make your stay as comfortable possible I will ask you to follow these two 'rules': - Be honest, If there is something on your mind please just tell me. - Have respect for the fellow AirBnB'er, my neighbors and the host. :) - Do not smoke in the house!"
