"This B&B, in the heart of the Museum quarter, is a studio on the fourth floor of our house. Very comfortable, quiet, private entrance, box spring-bed, bathroom, kitchen with fridge, Wifi, TV.  Very accessible with public transport. Every day at around 6 pm a fresh breakfast will be brought to you for the next morning.","Ruysdael is a perfect cosy studio for one or two persons who like to enjoy the cultural life of Amsterdam. It is a very quiet place in the heart of Oud-Zuid. Since it has a little kitchen (e.g. fridge, microwave, Nespresso) there is the possibility to cook. The comfortable bed (box spring) is 160 x 200.","This B&B, in the heart of the Museum quarter, is a studio on the fourth floor of our house. Very comfortable, quiet, private entrance, box spring-bed, bathroom, kitchen with fridge, Wifi, TV.  Very accessible with public transport. Every day at around 6 pm a fresh breakfast will be brought to you for the next morning. Ruysdael is a perfect cosy studio for one or two persons who like to enjoy the cultural life of Amsterdam. It is a very quiet place in the heart of Oud-Zuid. Since it has a little kitchen (e.g. fridge, microwave, Nespresso) there is the possibility to cook. The comfortable bed (box spring) is 160 x 200. RUYSDAEL is at the fourth floor so you there are four stairs you will have to climb (via spacious stairways). It has its private bathroom. It has its own entrance. We live at the ground floor. So for information, check in- out, emergencies, we are very contactable. The luggage can always be stalled before check in time and after check out time. The most important musea of ","The most important musea of Amsterdam are very nearby, even as the Concertgebouw. The popular quarter 'De Pijp' with its famous market, many restaurants and pubs is also within 10 minutes to walk. The Vondelpark, very hip in summer, is also very close.",Public transport: there are many trams and buses within 5 minutes walk. Schiphol can be reached easily with bus 197 end/or tram 5 to the South Station. We advise to use the  P+R (more information after booking).,"Smoking is prohibited. No pets are allowed.  The guests should behave properly, so no noise or loud music during the night."
