,"The Chateauroux is a large sailing ship from 1908. Renovated in 1986 this classic Dutch ship now offers 26 beds (ideal for accommodation of larger groups!). Bedding and towels is provided;  breakfast is not being served; the well equiped kitchen is for your own use to  make evt yourself your  breakfast,  Please leave kitchen clean after your stay.. From April till November the ship can be enjoyed as a special place to stay at in combination with a unique sailing experience. During this period the home port of the ship is Monnickendam , a beautiful and monumental Dutch village no more than 20 minutes from the city centre of Amsterdam and in the middle of the beautiful villages and places of interest surrounding Amsterdam.  OR you can book the ship just as a group accomodation  in Amsterdam  For this highseason from 1 april-1 nov we have  prices as mentioned on the site/  There are 10 sleeping cabins (3x4-person and 7x2-person), 1 separate toilet, 2 bathrooms (both with a toilet) and a l","The Chateauroux is a large sailing ship from 1908. Renovated in 1986 this classic Dutch ship now offers 26 beds (ideal for accommodation of larger groups!). Bedding and towels is provided;  breakfast is not being served; the well equiped kitchen is for your own use to  make evt yourself your  breakfast,  Please leave kitchen clean after your stay.. From April till November the ship can be enjoyed as a special place to stay at in combination with a unique sailing experience. During this period the home port of the ship is Monnickendam , a beautiful and monumental Dutch village no more than 20 minutes from the city centre of Amsterdam and in the middle of the beautiful villages and places of interest surrounding Amsterdam.  OR you can book the ship just as a group accomodation  in Amsterdam  For this highseason from 1 april-1 nov we have  prices as mentioned on the site/  There are 10 sleeping cabins (3x4-person and 7x2-person), 1 separate toilet, 2 bathrooms (both with a toilet) and a l",Amsterdam,"You take from the airport the train to Central station Amsterdam/ ( every 15 minutes/ €4,50 )",
