," The Chateauroux is a large sailing ship from 1908. Renovated in 1986 this classic Dutch ship now offers 24 beds (ideal for accommodation of larger groups!). In the Winter period (November - March) it's located right in the city centre of Amsterdam at the historic shipyard called ""Scheepswerf Kromhout""at the Hoogte Kadijk (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) BJ Amsterdam : a well known and unique place in Amsterdam. Nearby the things you're most likely want to experience in Amsterdam: the historic canals, musea, shops, bars, restaurants, concert halls & theaters. But, at the same time at a private, calm and safe location. There are 10 sleeping cabins (3x4-person and 7x2-person), so max 26 persons can stay. 1 separate toilet, 2 bathrooms (both with a toilet) and a large common room and free WIFI , a TV and stereo,   are available. Ideal for meals, leisure or other happenings. Finally there is a fully equipped kitchen connected to the common room that offers various catering possibilities. Pa"," The Chateauroux is a large sailing ship from 1908. Renovated in 1986 this classic Dutch ship now offers 24 beds (ideal for accommodation of larger groups!). In the Winter period (November - March) it's located right in the city centre of Amsterdam at the historic shipyard called ""Scheepswerf Kromhout""at the Hoogte Kadijk (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) BJ Amsterdam : a well known and unique place in Amsterdam. Nearby the things you're most likely want to experience in Amsterdam: the historic canals, musea, shops, bars, restaurants, concert halls & theaters. But, at the same time at a private, calm and safe location. There are 10 sleeping cabins (3x4-person and 7x2-person), so max 26 persons can stay. 1 separate toilet, 2 bathrooms (both with a toilet) and a large common room and free WIFI , a TV and stereo,   are available. Ideal for meals, leisure or other happenings. Finally there is a fully equipped kitchen connected to the common room that offers various catering possibilities. Pa",,,
