"Centraly located studio in quiet area. Small convenient sufficient.  The houses in Amsterdam have small steep stairs, not convenient for the elder or challenged people. My studio faces North, light is limited. For the light take the oppotunity to watch Vermeer, Ruyschdael, Rembrandt, the same light in my studio, no. With my museumpass you can watch for free. I am a clean person, not a hotel to hire cleaners. I try to do my best though. Once again I am not a professional hotelier, B&B.","My studio is on the second floor, in a charming Amsterdam house originally built in 1890, and renovated in 2005 to preserve the buildings authenticity. Situated in the Oud West quarter of Amsterdam.  The appartement is not big, just 30 square meter. It has a small kitchen, bathroom with shower. Daybed, suitable for 2 persons.","Centraly located studio in quiet area. Small convenient sufficient.  The houses in Amsterdam have small steep stairs, not convenient for the elder or challenged people. My studio faces North, light is limited. For the light take the oppotunity to watch Vermeer, Ruyschdael, Rembrandt, the same light in my studio, no. With my museumpass you can watch for free. I am a clean person, not a hotel to hire cleaners. I try to do my best though. Once again I am not a professional hotelier, B&B. My studio is on the second floor, in a charming Amsterdam house originally built in 1890, and renovated in 2005 to preserve the buildings authenticity. Situated in the Oud West quarter of Amsterdam.  The appartement is not big, just 30 square meter. It has a small kitchen, bathroom with shower. Daybed, suitable for 2 persons.  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  During your stay I will not be present at the studio. We will meet only for the key drop off. And I will show the studio, thereafter the studio is yours.","Café LÁffiche is the local pub, a comfortable authentic Dutch café serving a variety of local and international beers. Across the water is Bosboom Toussaintstreet here one finds several in door/ out-door restaurants. For those who don’t wish to visit the supermarket but prefer to buy fresh foods then Ten Kate market is an option, a daily market, where one can buy fresh fruits and veggies, an assortment Dutch cheeses and of course the fishmongers are happy to help in the selection of prime stock ready for the pan. For those travelers wishing to do laundry there is on the Bilderdijkstraat the “Quality cleaner” Laundromat with one day service, which I personally recommend.  It’s a short walk to the bustling Leidsesquare, Stadschouwburg or City Theater to be found here, a popular venue for contemporary theatre and dance productions. Also located in the vacinity are the: Pathé City, Cinecenter and Arthouse cinema complexes. Leidsesquare (Leidseplein) hosts an array of bars, clubs (most popu","Public transport to and from the studio: From Schiphol: Bus 197 Leidseplein, stop Marnixstraat, is a 5 minute walk to my studio. Tram line 17 or 7 bring you the crossing of Bilderdijk and Kinkerstraat, 3 minutes from the studio. At this crossing Tram line 3 and 12 cross paths.  ","The narrow steep house is divided in 9 private studio's.  We respect the life of eachother around us, so do we expect others to do that. We help the once in need, the elderly be fair to others. Nothing more nothing less. Noise carries through the wooden floors, so take that in consideration when staying here. Pets are not allowed, smoking is not allowed within the studio, not in the staircase. Loud music is not allowed after 11 PM.  And such. Be human be gentle be kind act reasonable and the world does the same to you"
