"In the Harbour of Amsterdam in the center of Amsterdam. You will find the Overwinning; A nice classic sailing ship. She will be docked during the stay on the NDSM- pier in Amsterdam North In the summer we make long sailing trips. During the winter we rent out the ship as hotel ship. You can rent this ship for your group in private for a total group of 16 persons.  On Board are 4 x 2 persons cabins and 2 x 4 persons cabins, 2 Shower, 2 x toilet.","In the Harbour of Amsterdam in the center of Amsterdam. You will find the Overwinning; A nice classic sailing ship.  In the summer we make long sailing trips. During the winter we rent out the ship as hotel ship. You can rent this ship for your group in private for a total group of 16 persons.  On Board are 4 x 2 persons cabins and 2 x 4 persons cabins, 2 Shower, 2 x toilet. On board of every Ship is a fully equipped kitchen, with dishes, cutlery, cooking gear etc. if you like; You can do your own cooking on board. In our Neighborhood;  + Stunning architectural neighborhood.  + Public transport nearby.  + Nice bars and restaurants with sun terrace on the docks round the corner.  + Enclosed parking space available (€ 15 per night).  + Swimming in the waterway across the street permitted.  + nearby renting Bicycles possible for €10 per day for one bike extra possible  * Canal tour with classic boat also available.  * Breakfast possible.  * a Boat tour with the Overwinning is also possibl","In the Harbour of Amsterdam in the center of Amsterdam. You will find the Overwinning; A nice classic sailing ship. She will be docked during the stay on the NDSM- pier in Amsterdam North In the summer we make long sailing trips. During the winter we rent out the ship as hotel ship. You can rent this ship for your group in private for a total group of 16 persons.  On Board are 4 x 2 persons cabins and 2 x 4 persons cabins, 2 Shower, 2 x toilet. In the Harbour of Amsterdam in the center of Amsterdam. You will find the Overwinning; A nice classic sailing ship.  In the summer we make long sailing trips. During the winter we rent out the ship as hotel ship. You can rent this ship for your group in private for a total group of 16 persons.  On Board are 4 x 2 persons cabins and 2 x 4 persons cabins, 2 Shower, 2 x toilet. On board of every Ship is a fully equipped kitchen, with dishes, cutlery, cooking gear etc. if you like; You can do your own cooking on board. In our Neighborhood;  + Stunni","The NDSM-werf area is Hip and happening. With lots of festivals, bars and restaurants.",The ship is really good situated. You can take the free ferry directly from our ship to Amsterdam Central station.,
