"Located in the hip and upcoming area NDSM in the North of Amsterdam, you will enjoy your stay on our beautiful ship. In close reach of the city centre by free ferry. Our authentic clipper Pouwel Jonas is a historic place to stay. Nautic charm, located in a nice area close to the city centre. With a maximum of 32 guests we are the best location for groups as well as individuals. We'd love to host you! Note that the price listed is for a 2 person cabin.","Want to celebrate your stay in our vibrant Capital city? Sailingclipper Pouwel Jonas is the place to be! Located in the beautiful waters of Amsterdam, you'll be staying at short distance from the city centre. You will find yourself in the warmth of an authentic nautic atmosphere on board of our ship that was built originally as a freightship way back in 1897. You will have your own unique space for a pleasant stay. We have 9 cabins for 2, 1 cabin for 4 persons and 2 cabins for 4-6 persons. All cabins have a sink and a tap with hot and cold running water. The cabins are all centrally heated. Our beds are freshly made for you and there's a towel and washcloth for each to use during your stay. Our ship is famous for its luxurious interior. We have 4 toilets and 4 excellent showers, which is unique for a boat. In our guest room you can easily chill out and meet fellow travellers.  We do not serve breakfast, but our well equipped kitchen is there for you to use. With a huge stove and a larg","Located in the hip and upcoming area NDSM in the North of Amsterdam, you will enjoy your stay on our beautiful ship. In close reach of the city centre by free ferry. Our authentic clipper Pouwel Jonas is a historic place to stay. Nautic charm, located in a nice area close to the city centre. With a maximum of 32 guests we are the best location for groups as well as individuals. We'd love to host you! Note that the price listed is for a 2 person cabin. Want to celebrate your stay in our vibrant Capital city? Sailingclipper Pouwel Jonas is the place to be! Located in the beautiful waters of Amsterdam, you'll be staying at short distance from the city centre. You will find yourself in the warmth of an authentic nautic atmosphere on board of our ship that was built originally as a freightship way back in 1897. You will have your own unique space for a pleasant stay. We have 9 cabins for 2, 1 cabin for 4 persons and 2 cabins for 4-6 persons. All cabins have a sink and a tap with hot and col","NDSM is a very nice area in Amsterdam. You won't be run over by tourists and find yourself in hip restaurants or bars. NDSM is blooming, a lot of artists have their playground down here and it is a hotspot for a few festivals in springtime and fall. Crossing over the IJ from Central Station to NDSM with the free ferry, gives you a beautiful view over Amsterdam.","A free ferry takes you from the back of Central Station to the ship, at NDSM. This ferry also runs at nighttime. Arriving from Schiphol airport there are several options to reach our ship. We inform you shortly before arrival on several options how to get to the ship.","We expect our guests to behave and not disturb the possible guests from our neighbourship(s). When you need to hop over another ship, make sure you'll do it quietly, while our ships are made of steel and the noise from stamping feet will be quite noisy inside.  Pets are allowed when you rent the whole ship, but please inform us first. Smoking is not allowed inside or in the cabins, but on deck you can smoke in a covered area."
