The attic room is on the 4th  floor with no elevator. The bed size 140 x 200. There is a small window from where you can see the  WEST Church close the Anna Frank`s house The room is strictly NO SMOKING !  (100 Euro fine if you do ...sorry !). It is perfect room  for 1 single person or for a couple and is not to be rent for long period of time .,"Small but cozy private attic room with a nice double bed on the  4th floor ( no elevator)  in the Baarsjes   (Old West area of Amsterdam).  I provide for sheets and towels ! Private bathroom/shower, small fridge, water cooker...but no cooking facilities Internet is available (Wi-Fi)  Perfect for a short stay for 1 person or a couple.   The place is 10 minutes by tram or a 20 minute walk from the  center. Other trams in the area will be the  12-13-14 Nr. 12  to the Museumplein: Van Gogh. Stedelijk. Rjiksmuseum Nr. 13  to Anna Frank House and Central Station Nr. 14  to the Dam - Waterlooplein or Muziektheater There are some nice new cafes and restaurants in the area and supermarket ( (URL HIDDEN) see for time and location. - Hair drier - and umbrella  is available if needed - A bicycle is available for a small extra charge of 5 Euro per day ! - Savina speaks fluently English, French , Italian !!","The attic room is on the 4th  floor with no elevator. The bed size 140 x 200. There is a small window from where you can see the  WEST Church close the Anna Frank`s house The room is strictly NO SMOKING !  (100 Euro fine if you do ...sorry !). It is perfect room  for 1 single person or for a couple and is not to be rent for long period of time . Small but cozy private attic room with a nice double bed on the  4th floor ( no elevator)  in the Baarsjes   (Old West area of Amsterdam).  I provide for sheets and towels ! Private bathroom/shower, small fridge, water cooker...but no cooking facilities Internet is available (Wi-Fi)  Perfect for a short stay for 1 person or a couple.   The place is 10 minutes by tram or a 20 minute walk from the  center. Other trams in the area will be the  12-13-14 Nr. 12  to the Museumplein: Van Gogh. Stedelijk. Rjiksmuseum Nr. 13  to Anna Frank House and Central Station Nr. 14  to the Dam - Waterlooplein or Muziektheater There are some nice new cafes and res","My husband Gary has a very nice cafe in the the neighborhood  where you will be able to have a nice breakfast with great muffins and bagels ! De Hallen is a great place ( ex TRAM garage) with food , cinema , shops, caffe Belcampo","The room is very close to different trams 12-13-14- that will take you everywhere in Amsterdam . Also tram 7-17 are close by. There is also a great supermarket "" Alber Hein"" open daily until 10pm.","Dear Guest of the little attic room  If you have any change in plans concerning your stay such as arriving later or leaving earlier, please inform Savina, as soon as possible.   The following are the “rules"" which we ask you to respect during your stay:  -Please do not smoke in the room! -Please do not bring strangers in the room.  Contact Savina before you leave in order to give back the keys of  the attic room and for any other problems.  Thank you and enjoy your stay!"
