Highlights *Located only 5 minutes from CITY CENTER  *Short distance from Central station *Fast & Free WIFI *DOUBLE bed  *Unique HOUSEBOAT,"""Somewhere Else"" is a bed & breakfast on the beautiful old ship ‘Cornelia’, located in the 'Oude Houthaven'. In about 10 minutes walking distance form Central Station you will find this charming B&B. The private guest accommodation is in the old skipper’s quarters, with an entrance through the wheelhouse. On all sides there’s a wide view over the water, even from the toilet! This bed and breakfast reflects the ultimate Amsterdam experience. The friendly atmosphere in the area almost feels like a village. This property is situated in the Old Wood Harbour. And after only a short walk the Amsterdam Canals and the Jordaan will surround you.  From the first time you hop aboard the “Cornelia”, a houseboat steeped in history, and built in 1905, you will immediately feel relaxed and at home in the cozy, charmingly updated waterfront bed and breakfast Somewhere Else. Whether you are travelling for leisure, adventure or convenience, Somewhere Else is the ideal place for all the experiences, cult","Highlights *Located only 5 minutes from CITY CENTER  *Short distance from Central station *Fast & Free WIFI *DOUBLE bed  *Unique HOUSEBOAT ""Somewhere Else"" is a bed & breakfast on the beautiful old ship ‘Cornelia’, located in the 'Oude Houthaven'. In about 10 minutes walking distance form Central Station you will find this charming B&B. The private guest accommodation is in the old skipper’s quarters, with an entrance through the wheelhouse. On all sides there’s a wide view over the water, even from the toilet! This bed and breakfast reflects the ultimate Amsterdam experience. The friendly atmosphere in the area almost feels like a village. This property is situated in the Old Wood Harbour. And after only a short walk the Amsterdam Canals and the Jordaan will surround you.  From the first time you hop aboard the “Cornelia”, a houseboat steeped in history, and built in 1905, you will immediately feel relaxed and at home in the cozy, charmingly updated waterfront bed and breakfast Somewh",,Public transport is nearby. But the city center is just a ten minute walk away.  It’s also nice to explore Amsterdam by bike.,
