,"I can offer you a beautiful, large room in an attractive house built in  1910 in the green area of Old South. With balcony. Located on the first floor of my apartment. The room is nicely decorated with a warm southern atmosphere. Wi-Fi, DVD, TV, fridge, coffee/tea facilities are available. There is a comfortable double bed and a possibility for an extra aero bed.  The bathroom is decorated in Mexican style, only shared with me   You can use my kitchen at the ground  floor only for washing dishes and microwave.  I am sorry, no pets allowed. And smoking only on balcony. The supermarket is at the corner and nice small shops are nearby for everything you need. So you can easily take your breakfast at your balcony. There are also several good places and terraces nearby for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Especially Gent aan de Schinkel is great for a romantic dinner on the terrace at the canal with a lot different Belgian beers. Don't forget to visit the patisserie Arti Choc with an extensive ","I can offer you a beautiful, large room in an attractive house built in  1910 in the green area of Old South. With balcony. Located on the first floor of my apartment. The room is nicely decorated with a warm southern atmosphere. Wi-Fi, DVD, TV, fridge, coffee/tea facilities are available. There is a comfortable double bed and a possibility for an extra aero bed.  The bathroom is decorated in Mexican style, only shared with me   You can use my kitchen at the ground  floor only for washing dishes and microwave.  I am sorry, no pets allowed. And smoking only on balcony. The supermarket is at the corner and nice small shops are nearby for everything you need. So you can easily take your breakfast at your balcony. There are also several good places and terraces nearby for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Especially Gent aan de Schinkel is great for a romantic dinner on the terrace at the canal with a lot different Belgian beers. Don't forget to visit the patisserie Arti Choc with an extensive ",,,
