"Our lovely penthouse is located on one of the prettiest canals in Amsterdam, the Keizersgracht. The apartment includes the two top floors, accessible by stairs or elevator. Find a warm mix of ethnic vibes combined with a passion for nordic design.","Our house is located on the canals, with a spectaculair view over the water from the large and open living room. Wake up with a coffee in the living room amidst the real Amsterdam.    The kitchen is fully equipped, but there are too many nice restaurants and cafes around the corner to actually cook! If you do wish to, you'll find an oven, a microwave and a dishwasher etc for your use.  The bedroom is at the back of the house and is spacious yet cozy with big painted beams on the ceiling. It's very quiet at night and the curtains make the room very dark.  The bathroom has a shower and a seperate bath; there's also a separate toilet. The house is clean, super spacious and very cozy. The terrace is perfect for late breakfasts or lazy lunch in the sun and intimate dinners with amazing sunsets and a view on the Noorderkerk. The sun starts to come out around 10am and stays until 9pm in summer!  The house is very close to many nice restaurants, bars, shops and places to have a drink in the su","Our lovely penthouse is located on one of the prettiest canals in Amsterdam, the Keizersgracht. The apartment includes the two top floors, accessible by stairs or elevator. Find a warm mix of ethnic vibes combined with a passion for nordic design. Our house is located on the canals, with a spectaculair view over the water from the large and open living room. Wake up with a coffee in the living room amidst the real Amsterdam.    The kitchen is fully equipped, but there are too many nice restaurants and cafes around the corner to actually cook! If you do wish to, you'll find an oven, a microwave and a dishwasher etc for your use.  The bedroom is at the back of the house and is spacious yet cozy with big painted beams on the ceiling. It's very quiet at night and the curtains make the room very dark.  The bathroom has a shower and a seperate bath; there's also a separate toilet. The house is clean, super spacious and very cozy. The terrace is perfect for late breakfasts or lazy lunch in th","With 42 different teas, Teabar is the best place for a hot cup of loveliness. Interior shopping is best done at Weldaad (Noordermarkt), for fashion go to Haarlemmerdijk for its many boutiques. Tapas are amazeballs at Boca's on Westerstraat (reservation in the weekend is a must!). You'll get a large platter with lots of little dishes. End your day at the best wine bar of Amsterdam, Divino (Tweede Boomdwarsstraat), which is also our second livingroom ;)","Park your car in front of the house at the canal. There are usually parking spots, but it is a bit pricey. You can also use public transportation, get an uber or a taxi, or rent a bike to get around the city.  If you arrive at Schiphol airport, take the train (approx. 15 minutes) to Amsterdam Central Station. Walk in 5-10 mins to the house or take a taxi. You can also take bus 18/21/22 and hop off at the second stop, called 'Buiten Brouwersstraat'. Walk to the house in 2 minutes from there.  A taxi from the airport is approximately €50 and it takes you in 20 minutes to the house.",Smoking inside or pets are not allowed. Parties at the house are not allowed either.
