"Studio with living room/bedroom, dining and kitchen area of 36 m2 = Half of an modern (2010 built) apartment in Amsterdam - Sleek and spacious furnished.","studio with living room/bedroom, dining and kitchen area of 36 m2. Kitchen is fully equipped. There is coffee and tea, sugar and creamer. Mineral water in the fridge. Large terrace facing southwest. Bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. There is a separate room with washer and dryer. Apartment is equipped with cable TV and fast WiFi internet connection. Apartment also has its own parking in lockable garage.","Studio with living room/bedroom, dining and kitchen area of 36 m2 = Half of an modern (2010 built) apartment in Amsterdam - Sleek and spacious furnished. studio with living room/bedroom, dining and kitchen area of 36 m2. Kitchen is fully equipped. There is coffee and tea, sugar and creamer. Mineral water in the fridge. Large terrace facing southwest. Bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. There is a separate room with washer and dryer. Apartment is equipped with cable TV and fast WiFi internet connection. Apartment also has its own parking in lockable garage. The other half of the apartment is for me. But we only share the front door and hallway. That means my presence (absence) will not affect your stay in any way. And naturally in case of questions and support i am reachable at any time at my cellphone numb(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) . Apartment building is located in a modern, spacious and green landscaped new neighborhood in Amsterdam West. Forest-park ""Amsterdamse bos"" and lake ""Nieuwe ","Apartment building is located in a modern, spacious and green landscaped new neighborhood in Amsterdam West. Forest-park ""Amsterdamse bos"" and lake ""Nieuwe meer"" are perfect for a stroll.  Nearby are several shopping centers, market (on Wednesday) and supermarkets. Everything is within walking distance.","Tram stop ""Heemstedestraat"" is within walking distance (5 min.) By tram nr. 2 towards Central Station you come in 15-20 min to all Amsterdam attractions such as Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Canals, Dam Square and the Red Light District. You are also in 20 minutes at Schiphol Amsterdam Airport by metro and train. (One transfer)",
