"Amsterdam appartment with canalview. 5 min from public transport,  15 min to the airport, 10 min walk shopping, Van Gogh and Rijks museum, I AM Amsterdam, RAI, center of the city.  You may use the boat if you can handle it  and make a trip in the canals of Amsterdam. Owner lives there as well, in other part of the apartment, shared kitchen.","Gorduous view  from the apartment on the Amstel South Canal. You see boats floating to the center of Amsterdam.  You have a bedroom, sittingroom and bathroom on a first floor cosy apartment. Owner lives there as well. You are 15 min from ""I am Amsterdam"" ( Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum), center of the city.   Beethoven shopping street 5 min walk,  Vondelpark, parking in front of the building,  public transport on every corner. Airport Schiphol is only 10 min by train.","Amsterdam appartment with canalview. 5 min from public transport,  15 min to the airport, 10 min walk shopping, Van Gogh and Rijks museum, I AM Amsterdam, RAI, center of the city.  You may use the boat if you can handle it  and make a trip in the canals of Amsterdam. Owner lives there as well, in other part of the apartment, shared kitchen. Gorduous view  from the apartment on the Amstel South Canal. You see boats floating to the center of Amsterdam.  You have a bedroom, sittingroom and bathroom on a first floor cosy apartment. Owner lives there as well. You are 15 min from ""I am Amsterdam"" ( Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum), center of the city.   Beethoven shopping street 5 min walk,  Vondelpark, parking in front of the building,  public transport on every corner. Airport Schiphol is only 10 min by train. Guests have access to half of the appartment Email as much as wished. Quiet residential area, nice for biking On walking distances - 4 to 7 min - several public transport, metro 50 and ","Quiet residential area, nice for biking","On walking distances - 4 to 7 min - several public transport, metro 50 and 51, tram 24. Shops 7 min. Near the RAI, walking distance. VU -university Stadion Parking Euro 1 per day (10min away) + public transport ticket of 5 euro","No smoking,  particular not on the terrace. Quiet after 11 pm. Low voices on the terrace"
