"This comfortable room is situated at backside of the 2nd floor with a view at the alley with small gardens. The room has a ensuite luxury bathroom and toilet inside the room. The room has no kitchen & no microwave. TV, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine, jug kettle for tea, hairdryer & towels. Rituals luxurious amenities. Iron and ironing board. FREE WIFI.",This bright and comfortable room is situated at backside of the floor with a view at the marnixalley for a more quiet stay. The room has a  large ensuite luxury bathroom and toilet and is equipped with everything for a comfortable stay.,"This comfortable room is situated at backside of the 2nd floor with a view at the alley with small gardens. The room has a ensuite luxury bathroom and toilet inside the room. The room has no kitchen & no microwave. TV, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine, jug kettle for tea, hairdryer & towels. Rituals luxurious amenities. Iron and ironing board. FREE WIFI. This bright and comfortable room is situated at backside of the floor with a view at the marnixalley for a more quiet stay. The room has a  large ensuite luxury bathroom and toilet and is equipped with everything for a comfortable stay. The room is situated on the 2nd floor and has no elevator. The stairs are typical Amsterdam (steep) style stairs. Not suitable for people with a handicap. Zana or Richard will receive you when you arrive to show you the room, give you the room key and a map from the city center. We will help you with any questions for your stay. The Jordaan is a district of the city of Amsterdam. The area is bordered by","The Jordaan is a district of the city of Amsterdam. The area is bordered by the Lijnbaansgracht canal to the west, the Prinsengracht to the east, the Brouwersgracht to the north and the Leidsegracht to the south. It is home to many art galleries, particularly for modern art, and is also dotted with speciality shops and restaurants. Markets are held regularly at Noordermarkt, the Westerstraat (the Lapjesmarkt, textile market) and Lindengracht.","Bus 18 and 21 will bring you within 5 minutes from central station to bus stop 'marnixplein' just around the corner. Tram 10 will bring you further into the city, or you can walk when the sun is shining. Parking on street is expensive. Around € 25 / 24 h. Park your car at a P+R parking facility for € 8 / 24 hours.","• It is not allowed to smoke in the room  • No noise after 22:00 o'clock.  • We do not allow pets in the room and the building  • GREEN - Keep the room, building and neighborhood clean. For you, us and the neighbours."
