"This house is a very spacious ground floor appartment, very suitable for a large family that wants to explore Amsterdam or wants to use this a as a base to venture into the rest of Holland and / or Europe.","This house is a very spacious ground floor apartment, very suitable for a large family that wants to explore Amsterdam or wants to use this a as a base to venture into the rest of Holland and / or Europe. It is consolidated home from two old garages with five bedrooms and two bathrooms (300 m2). More importantly it has a large kitchen living area (70 m2) and a large living room with a gas-lit fire place (80 m2). The kitchen is fully equipped with an (microwave) oven, dishwasher, coffee-maker, Nespresso and other essential electrical appliances and kitchenware. The master bedroom has a double bed, then two kids bedrooms with both bed bunks; a fourth bedroom with one baby cot and a smaller bed for a 4-6 year old and the fifth bedroom has a single bed and is equipped for our handicapped daughter. The entire house is accessible for a wheel chair. The location is close to the Vondel Park and is within walking distance of the Museum Square with many restaurants around the corner on the Amste","This house is a very spacious ground floor appartment, very suitable for a large family that wants to explore Amsterdam or wants to use this a as a base to venture into the rest of Holland and / or Europe. This house is a very spacious ground floor apartment, very suitable for a large family that wants to explore Amsterdam or wants to use this a as a base to venture into the rest of Holland and / or Europe. It is consolidated home from two old garages with five bedrooms and two bathrooms (300 m2). More importantly it has a large kitchen living area (70 m2) and a large living room with a gas-lit fire place (80 m2). The kitchen is fully equipped with an (microwave) oven, dishwasher, coffee-maker, Nespresso and other essential electrical appliances and kitchenware. The master bedroom has a double bed, then two kids bedrooms with both bed bunks; a fourth bedroom with one baby cot and a smaller bed for a 4-6 year old and the fifth bedroom has a single bed and is equipped for our handicapped",,,
