"Warm, spacious and friendly place. Ideal for a couple visiting Amsterdam.","Entire spacious appartment at the trendy east river side.  This warm and spacious appartment is located in the trendy and upcoming east river side of the city, close to the city centre. Take any metro from the nearest metro station (3 minute walk) and within 5 minutes you're in the heart of dazzling Amsterdam. On a nice day the strole along the river past the famous Skinny Bridge and the Amsterdam Hermitage to the city centre is absolutely worth the 25 minute walk. By bike less than 10 minutes.  The neighbourhood offers many nice restaurants, trendy bars and clubs. We will personally provide you with our 'nearby favorits' list. A large supermarket is around the corner. The apartment (75 square meters) is comfortable and clean, with a spacious living area, large dining area, a cozy bedroom, clean bathroom and fully equiped kitchen. Cable TV, wifi, dishwasher, shower gel and fresh towels ensure a carefree stay. A perfect place for a couple visiting our fabulous city. If you don't feel li","Warm, spacious and friendly place. Ideal for a couple visiting Amsterdam. Entire spacious appartment at the trendy east river side.  This warm and spacious appartment is located in the trendy and upcoming east river side of the city, close to the city centre. Take any metro from the nearest metro station (3 minute walk) and within 5 minutes you're in the heart of dazzling Amsterdam. On a nice day the strole along the river past the famous Skinny Bridge and the Amsterdam Hermitage to the city centre is absolutely worth the 25 minute walk. By bike less than 10 minutes.  The neighbourhood offers many nice restaurants, trendy bars and clubs. We will personally provide you with our 'nearby favorits' list. A large supermarket is around the corner. The apartment (75 square meters) is comfortable and clean, with a spacious living area, large dining area, a cozy bedroom, clean bathroom and fully equiped kitchen. Cable TV, wifi, dishwasher, shower gel and fresh towels ensure a carefree stay. A p","Lot's of nice local bars, deli's and restaurants. Great atmosphere in our famous local bar The Ruyschkamer', a living room decorated bar!","Ideally located for public transport with trams, metro, train and bus at walking distance. Amsterdam Central Station (very easy access from the airport) by metro only 5 minutes away. ",
