"On walking distance of Vondelpark, Leidse square and Museum square I have a spacious private room (25m2) for rent in a newly restored apartment. A cute, bright place that's perfect for a weekend getaway. Centrally located, but in a quiet area. Please note: you'll share the kitchen & bathroom with me and/or my roommate.","In the room you'll find everything you need when you are in Amsterdam for a couple of days or even for a longer stay. A table, a sofa and a double bed. The room has large windows and blackout curtains.","On walking distance of Vondelpark, Leidse square and Museum square I have a spacious private room (25m2) for rent in a newly restored apartment. A cute, bright place that's perfect for a weekend getaway. Centrally located, but in a quiet area. Please note: you'll share the kitchen & bathroom with me and/or my roommate. In the room you'll find everything you need when you are in Amsterdam for a couple of days or even for a longer stay. A table, a sofa and a double bed. The room has large windows and blackout curtains. You'll share the bathroom and kitchen with me and/or my roommate. Your room however is, like the title states, private. As a lifestyle editor I know about all must visit places and fun things to do in Amsterdam. So don't hesitate to ask for help/tips! Although you're between the Kinkerstraat and Overtoom, two main roads full of shops and restaurants, our street is quiet and peaceful. There is a small park in front of our apartment where you can play jeu de boules or just s","Although you're between the Kinkerstraat and Overtoom, two main roads full of shops and restaurants, our street is quiet and peaceful. There is a small park in front of our apartment where you can play jeu de boules or just sit in the sun.","The tramstop is just a 5-minute walk away. You can take tram 1, 7 or 17. Leidse square is on walking distance as is Museum square and the Vondelpark. So you're pretty close to the city center.","Ik en mijn vriendje zijn zeer makkelijk in de omgang, maar voor het geval dat hebben een aantal huisregels opgesteld: er mag binnen niet gerookt worden, er mag in huis geen drugs gebruikt worden, na middernacht gelieve niet te veel lawaai maken en je mag geen vrienden/andere mensen mee nemen naar huis nemen."
