"Popular neighbourhood close to the city's center. Sleeps 3, 4 people. The place is clean, the furniture is basic. No cleaning cost. Check-in Monday through Thursday from 18:00, flexible on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.","Well kept 3-room apartment near the city's center, next to lively market and shops. Bath, separate shower, balcony, dishwasher, washing machine, cable, wifi. No cleaning cost! Trams stop close to the house to take you anywhere. A five minute tram ride takes you to the popular Jordaan district, a ten minute tram ride to either Central Station or Sloterdijk (train to airport). Ideal for three adults or a small family. One double bed, one low bed  (to sleep 3 adults or 2 adults plus a kid). There's an airbed in case three adults rather sleep alone. The apartment is in a popular neighbourhood with divers shops and a lively market just a minute away. Recently the neighbourhood became very popular and now features many trendy restaurants, bars and a cinema.","Popular neighbourhood close to the city's center. Sleeps 3, 4 people. The place is clean, the furniture is basic. No cleaning cost. Check-in Monday through Thursday from 18:00, flexible on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Well kept 3-room apartment near the city's center, next to lively market and shops. Bath, separate shower, balcony, dishwasher, washing machine, cable, wifi. No cleaning cost! Trams stop close to the house to take you anywhere. A five minute tram ride takes you to the popular Jordaan district, a ten minute tram ride to either Central Station or Sloterdijk (train to airport). Ideal for three adults or a small family. One double bed, one low bed  (to sleep 3 adults or 2 adults plus a kid). There's an airbed in case three adults rather sleep alone. The apartment is in a popular neighbourhood with divers shops and a lively market just a minute away. Recently the neighbourhood became very popular and now features many trendy restaurants, bars and a cinema. The neighborhood is ","The neighborhood is getting more popular every day, with new bars and restaurants popping up all the time.","Trams 12, 13, 14 and 3 stop nearby (less than 3 minutes by foot).","No dogs, no smoking, otherwise ... please be considerate to my neighbors as you would in your own place."
