"Beautiful and lovely, bright and recently renovated one-bedroom apartment with garden available to rent, in a great part of Amsterdam. Its located in the area called Watergraafsmeer which is situated towards the east of the city center. EasyJet recently made a nice video of the vibrant neigbourhoud. It gives a good impression of this part of Amsterdam. Watch the video on YouTube by searching on 'Amsterdam city guide - Oost'.",This is truly a light and welcoming apartment for visitors wanting to get to know the city more. Its about 50 m2 in size total. The living room is approximately 16 m2 and the bedroom is roughly 12 m2 so there is enough space for you to relax and be comfortable. There is therfore 1 double bed and an extra single mattras. A maximum of three people can stay in the apartment. ,"Beautiful and lovely, bright and recently renovated one-bedroom apartment with garden available to rent, in a great part of Amsterdam. Its located in the area called Watergraafsmeer which is situated towards the east of the city center. EasyJet recently made a nice video of the vibrant neigbourhoud. It gives a good impression of this part of Amsterdam. Watch the video on YouTube by searching on 'Amsterdam city guide - Oost'. This is truly a light and welcoming apartment for visitors wanting to get to know the city more. Its about 50 m2 in size total. The living room is approximately 16 m2 and the bedroom is roughly 12 m2 so there is enough space for you to relax and be comfortable. There is therfore 1 double bed and an extra single mattras. A maximum of three people can stay in the apartment.  All amenities and equipment within the apartment can be used by our guests. If there is anything missing then you can just give us call and we'll get  whatever you need. There is a washing machin","Watergraafsmeer is a great part of the city as its situated close to the centre. Frankendaelpark is just 2 minutes walk away but you can also visit the Oosterpark (East park) which is located just 7 minutes from the apartment and the nearest metro station is just a pleasant 6 minute walk away. There are plenty of restaurants and bars close by (Cafe Milo, Coffee Company, Pata Negra (tapas) and shops such as a baker, butcher, supermarket (2 minutes away from the apartment), a newsagent, bike rental shop and more around the corner and a late night shop for those extra's you may have forgotten. The Tropen (tropics) museum is also close by which is definitely worth a visit. Then there is the Dappermarkt (market) which sells all kinds of food from different countries and cultures. For those that really want to experience the Dutch tolerance to soft drugs, well, there's a respectable 'coffee shop' close by too! In case of emergencies there's the OLVG hospital which is a very modern and good p","Directly in front of the apartment is parking space available (paid). It's free after 9pm in the evening and on Sunday the whole day. You can get the tram 9 which can take directly to Amsterdam Central Station and back, but there are also a number of buses. The closest metro and train station is Amsterdam Amstel which can transport you pretty much throughout the entire country! When you want to go to the museum district you can go by Tram line 12 which als leaves at the Amstel Station.",The apartment is non smoking but you can smoke in the garden which has a small roof so you won't get wet if it rains. Please do use an ashtray which is provided. Please also consider the neighbours who are pretty easy going when it comes to noise at night.
