"This spacious and cozy 2 bedroom apartment is located in the popular ""Pijp"" neighborhood. The most vibrant & dynamic area of the city. Located on the 4th and 5th floor and only accessible by stairs!","The entrance to the apartment is on the 4th floor where the kitchen with dining room, a very cosy living room and bathroom with toilet, shower & sink are located. The balcony on the back side is facing south, which gives the house a lot light and a sunny terrace during the day. For people that love to cook; the kitchen is big and luxurious, with design stove/oven, fridge, dishwasher & cooking island. Fresh ingredients are available on the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market just around the corner. The kitchen is fully equiped and has everything you might need to create some amazing dinners/ lunches and breakfasts. The apartment has a very homey atmosphere and is fully furnished. Off course it has wireless internet, flat screen cable TV and a video library for your entertainment. The sofa turns into a comfy double sofa bed. On the top floor you will find 2 double bedrooms, another bathroom with toilet shower & sink and a washing machine and dryer. - cable TV + Wi-Fi are free of charge - towels ","This spacious and cozy 2 bedroom apartment is located in the popular ""Pijp"" neighborhood. The most vibrant & dynamic area of the city. Located on the 4th and 5th floor and only accessible by stairs! The entrance to the apartment is on the 4th floor where the kitchen with dining room, a very cosy living room and bathroom with toilet, shower & sink are located. The balcony on the back side is facing south, which gives the house a lot light and a sunny terrace during the day. For people that love to cook; the kitchen is big and luxurious, with design stove/oven, fridge, dishwasher & cooking island. Fresh ingredients are available on the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market just around the corner. The kitchen is fully equiped and has everything you might need to create some amazing dinners/ lunches and breakfasts. The apartment has a very homey atmosphere and is fully furnished. Off course it has wireless internet, flat screen cable TV and a video library for your entertainment. The sofa turns into","The apartment is located in ""de Pijp"", one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. The location is very central, but the street itself quiet. It's just a short tram ride south of Central Station & surrounded by lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs. Around the corner of the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market, ""Sarphati Park"" and the ""Heineken"" brewery. Within 10 minutes walk to ""Museum"" square and nightlife centre ""Leidseplein"".",Tram lines 16 and 24 are a 5 minute walk from the apartment and they will take you to the centre in 15 minutes. Tram line 3 will take you to the 'Museumplein'.  Amsterdam is a bicycle city. This is really the best way to go around. If you are interested in renting a bicycle during your stay let me know. I can have them delivered to the apartment for you.,"PLEASE NOTE: It's NOT possible to check-in after midnight (don't book if you are landing after 10.30pm) Bare in mind the late check-in fees as mentioned in the listing: - between 17.00 - 21.00 = €25 - between 21.00 - midnight = €50 Please feel at home, but don't forget you are staying in a residential neighborhood and be considerate of the neighbours"
