"Nice apartment for rent near city center. The place has a spacious living room, a master bedroom, children/guest room, kitchen and bathroom with bath/shower. The apartment is situated in a quiet neighborhood on the border of the 'Pijp'.","Nice and very family friendly apartment for rent near city center. The place has a spacious living room, a master bedroom, children/guest room, baby room, kitchen and bathroom with bath/shower. It is on the second floor, which can be reached by elevator. Apartment has a wide view over the Meerhuizenplein square. The apartment is situated in a quiet neighborhood on the border of the 'Pijp' and the 'Rivierenbuurt'. Around the corner are restaurants and stores available. Public transportation (tram, train, subway) nearby will bring you to the city center within 10 minutes or to Schiphol Airport within 20 minutes. We are a family of five with three children of 1, 5 & 8 years old. We have been living in Amsterdam most of our lives.","Nice apartment for rent near city center. The place has a spacious living room, a master bedroom, children/guest room, kitchen and bathroom with bath/shower. The apartment is situated in a quiet neighborhood on the border of the 'Pijp'. Nice and very family friendly apartment for rent near city center. The place has a spacious living room, a master bedroom, children/guest room, baby room, kitchen and bathroom with bath/shower. It is on the second floor, which can be reached by elevator. Apartment has a wide view over the Meerhuizenplein square. The apartment is situated in a quiet neighborhood on the border of the 'Pijp' and the 'Rivierenbuurt'. Around the corner are restaurants and stores available. Public transportation (tram, train, subway) nearby will bring you to the city center within 10 minutes or to Schiphol Airport within 20 minutes. We are a family of five with three children of 1, 5 & 8 years old. We have been living in Amsterdam most of our lives. You have access to the who","De Baarsjes is simply an inviting, community-oriented Amsterdam neighbourhood. De Baarsjes is remarkably close to the city centre. It’s not only minutes away from Vondelpark, but it also has its own green and rambling Rembrandtpark. Off the commercial shopping boulevard Jan Evertsenstraat there’s an open air market on Vespuccistraat. These days the area is home to trendy dining haunts such as Bar Spek, Radijs, an espresso bar Buon Giorno, an organic snack bar Natuurlijk Smullen and even its own club: Club 8.","To get from Schiphol Airport to the apartment: Take the train to Amsterdam RAI, then take tram 4 towards Central station. Get out at Victorieplein (5 stops). Than walk for 5 minutes.","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
