,"Unique, lofty (3.70 high ceilings), sunny, spacious appartment situated in the city center with a view on a canal with passing boats. We are on the first floor. An elevator is available.  The living and the kitchen are integrated in one big space (7,5 x almost 14 meters) which gives access to a balcony, where you can eat outside when the wheather is good.  The kitchen is well equipped with an oven and a dishwasher. There is one seperate double room and another double bed in the open vide (in the living room). We have a beautiful bathroom with a walk in shower and a bath tube and two washing tubes. 	 	  Our Neighborhood Amsterdam is a beautiful, vibrant and easy going city. It has everything to offer which you might expect from a capital city: shopping in the little exquisite stores in the popular district The Jordaan, cruising through Amsterdam's famous canals, world famous museums like Anne Frank House and Van Gogh, architecture, dining in one of the numerous restaurants (and terraces","Unique, lofty (3.70 high ceilings), sunny, spacious appartment situated in the city center with a view on a canal with passing boats. We are on the first floor. An elevator is available.  The living and the kitchen are integrated in one big space (7,5 x almost 14 meters) which gives access to a balcony, where you can eat outside when the wheather is good.  The kitchen is well equipped with an oven and a dishwasher. There is one seperate double room and another double bed in the open vide (in the living room). We have a beautiful bathroom with a walk in shower and a bath tube and two washing tubes. 	 	  Our Neighborhood Amsterdam is a beautiful, vibrant and easy going city. It has everything to offer which you might expect from a capital city: shopping in the little exquisite stores in the popular district The Jordaan, cruising through Amsterdam's famous canals, world famous museums like Anne Frank House and Van Gogh, architecture, dining in one of the numerous restaurants (and terraces","We live in the center of Amsterdam. Close to everything: Museum Square (Rijks Museum, Van Gogh, Stedelijk Museum), Albert Cuyp Market, Hermitage, Rembrand Square etc.  It is also a nice quiet surrounding. In our street are not many tourists. In the back we look over a big green area.","Amsterdam has good public transport. Train, tram, metro. We are right in the center, which is not that big, most things to do and see are on walking distance.",Of course we would like you to treat our belongings and home the as you would like that your guests would treat your belongings. We don't want you to smoke.
