"Spacious, light room with sunny balcony in quiet neighboorhood","+ French doors opening to sunny balcony + linen & towels provided + plenty of storage space + King size bed (180x200m) with very comfortable mattresses  (memory foam) + free wireless as well as wired internet + free television, 60 channels (including BBC, CNN, ARD, ZDF, TV5) 90 radio channels + shared bathroom (just me) but private sink + use of kitchen, microwave, oven, coffee-maker etc. + use of washing machine/iron if needed + shops nearby + good connections to town (15 min) + use of public transport tickets Double guest-room in my three room apartment in Bos en Lommer, Amsterdam. Nice quiet street, close to main roads, next to a little park. The neighborhood is safe and green. The guest bedroom is at the back of the house, and has French windows, opening to a balcony that's overlooking the communal garden.  The balcony has sun until noon and is the perfect place for a morning coffee or breakfast. The room has a very comfortable bed, excellent mattresses. Build in closet. Private si","Spacious, light room with sunny balcony in quiet neighboorhood + French doors opening to sunny balcony + linen & towels provided + plenty of storage space + King size bed (180x200m) with very comfortable mattresses  (memory foam) + free wireless as well as wired internet + free television, 60 channels (including BBC, CNN, ARD, ZDF, TV5) 90 radio channels + shared bathroom (just me) but private sink + use of kitchen, microwave, oven, coffee-maker etc. + use of washing machine/iron if needed + shops nearby + good connections to town (15 min) + use of public transport tickets Double guest-room in my three room apartment in Bos en Lommer, Amsterdam. Nice quiet street, close to main roads, next to a little park. The neighborhood is safe and green. The guest bedroom is at the back of the house, and has French windows, opening to a balcony that's overlooking the communal garden.  The balcony has sun until noon and is the perfect place for a morning coffee or breakfast. The room has a very com","Bos en Lommer  is  an upcoming neighbourhood. You can tell by the new stores  coming to the neighbourhood (like an organic store) that gentrification is setting in. It is definitely safe here, at night as well. There are some nice breakfast, lunch and dinner-places. Three supermarkets, a little mall and a shopping street are just around the corner.","From my place there are excellent public transport connections, you can reach the Centre in about 15 minutes. Two trams and three bus-lines, stop basically in front of my house, to take you directly to all highlights of the City. If you like I can loan you rechargeable  public transport cards, so you pay local prices instead of tourist prices and I'll give you instructions on how to get around. If you come by car, it is close to exit roads and easy to reach. Parking is possible in a P&R parking garage within walking distance, for 8 euro/day (very cheap for Amsterdam) which includes public transport tickets to city centre and back.","No drugs. This includes Marihuana. If you must smoke, do it elsewhere. If this is your main reason for visiting Amsterdam, please find other accomodation. No smoking indoors please. The room opens to a balcony where you can smoke. No extra guests, unless discussed beforehand. My downstairs neighbours and my floor would be happy if you don't wear heels! I'm providing you with the option of using the rechargeable public transport cards, already charged with a small amount. This way travelling is much cheaper than when you use a day- or week card. If you want to use these, please recharge them for me before you leave or refund the used amount."
