"Recently renovated apartment close to the famous ""Jordaan"" area. Spacious, light and well equipped. Super location! Suitable for 3 adults. Also for 1 child. Shops, bars and restaurants, all around the corner!","Casa Bonita is a newly renovated and authentic house built back in the '30s. It is bright, spacious (80m2) and located in a quiet neighbourhood near the city centre. The house is only available for families/couples with/or without children. There is a comfy living area with dining room and two doors opening to a sunny balcony. The kitchen is equipped with a big cooker, oven, fridge, electric kettle, coffee maker and toaster. There's a beautiful wooden dining table suitable for 4 people.  There is 1 bedroom with a huge comfortable bed and lots of space for clothing. The second bedroom is a small and suitable for 1 person. You will find a built-in closet in the hallway with a combi wash- and dry machine and big a freezer.  The apartment has a free wireless internet connection.","Recently renovated apartment close to the famous ""Jordaan"" area. Spacious, light and well equipped. Super location! Suitable for 3 adults. Also for 1 child. Shops, bars and restaurants, all around the corner! Casa Bonita is a newly renovated and authentic house built back in the '30s. It is bright, spacious (80m2) and located in a quiet neighbourhood near the city centre. The house is only available for families/couples with/or without children. There is a comfy living area with dining room and two doors opening to a sunny balcony. The kitchen is equipped with a big cooker, oven, fridge, electric kettle, coffee maker and toaster. There's a beautiful wooden dining table suitable for 4 people.  There is 1 bedroom with a huge comfortable bed and lots of space for clothing. The second bedroom is a small and suitable for 1 person. You will find a built-in closet in the hallway with a combi wash- and dry machine and big a freezer.  The apartment has a free wireless internet connection. You c","The apartment is located in The Baarsjes, 10 minutes from the city centre and the famous neighbourhood The Jordaan. It's a 3-5 minute walk to public transport and lots of very nice pubs, lunch rooms and excellent restaurants. Rembrandpark (a lovely parque for pic-nics or a nice walk) is right around the corner.  Basic needs, such as; a supermarket, drugstore and bakery are right around the corner!","You will find all information about public transport, bikes and areas to visit in our guest folder. The folder is available for you in the apartment on the dining table.",It is not allowed to smoke in the house.  We expect a clean and tidy house when you check-out. Please keep the neighbours in mind. Don't turn on the music very loud. Especially after 10pm.  Pets are allowed.
