"We offer a newly renovated, light and spacious apartment in the hip area 'de baarsjes', just minutes away from the Vondelpark. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, a spacious living room, well equipped kitchen, bathroom and a big balcony.","The 2 bedrooms with clean comfortable double beds are separatly connected to the spacious living room, kitchen and balcony. There are large windows on both sides of the apartment, which make it a very light and pleasant area to be in.","We offer a newly renovated, light and spacious apartment in the hip area 'de baarsjes', just minutes away from the Vondelpark. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, a spacious living room, well equipped kitchen, bathroom and a big balcony. The 2 bedrooms with clean comfortable double beds are separatly connected to the spacious living room, kitchen and balcony. There are large windows on both sides of the apartment, which make it a very light and pleasant area to be in. Our guests have full access to every room in the apartment. We generally stay somewhere else when we have guests. The amount of interaction we will have is based on what you would prefer. We like meeting new people and would be happy to show you around in Amsterdam. However, we are just as comfortable with just receiving you, showing you around the apartment, and collecting the keys when you leave. The apartment is located in a calm neigbourhood of Amsterdam, just outside the center. There are several parks nearby, wher","The apartment is located in a calm neigbourhood of Amsterdam, just outside the center. There are several parks nearby, where the locals relax, sport, have drinks and barbeque. There are several nice bars, cafes and restaurants in the area. Of course we would be happy to show you around and help you get to these places.","The public transport is generally quite good in Amsterdam. There are several tram and bus stops close to the apartment. Getting to the center is a matter of minutes. The closest train station is station Lelylaan, from which it is a 7 minute ride to Schiphol airport.  As you have probably heard, the best way to get around in Amsterdam is by bike. There is a bike shop juist around the corner where one can rent bikes for a fair price.",
