"Spacious apartment in the Jordaan area (Nieuwe Leliestraat).Perfect for 4 people who want to enjoy their vacation to the max! Very luxurious place in the best area of Amsterdam! CITY CENTRE offers plenty of stuff to do and places to see. Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, Foam Photography Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leideseplein- one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas, home to famous music venues, fun dance clubs, relaxed bars and more and many more to see!","Very spacious ground floor apartment up to 4 people. The apartment is located next to the Anne Frank museum and Westertoren.  Just in the heart of the Jordaan area.  Damsquare only 5 minutes by foot. Tram stop only 2 minutes walk.  Around the corner a few small bars to have lunch and dinner.  The apartment has two bedrooms and have their own bathroom. Living room is very big and provides a great atmosphere and a home-like feeling. It has a beautiful luxurious couch, TV and a big dining area. Kitchen is nearby and has all you need to prepare a delicious meal! Bedrooms have 4 comfortable high quality single beds, wardrobes and even a shower in the room! The apartment also has a bath so it's a real treat for you!  You can enjoy the beautiful view  and even eat over there! *Luxurious place *CITY CENTRE *Perfect for 4 people","Spacious apartment in the Jordaan area (Nieuwe Leliestraat).Perfect for 4 people who want to enjoy their vacation to the max! Very luxurious place in the best area of Amsterdam! CITY CENTRE offers plenty of stuff to do and places to see. Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, Foam Photography Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leideseplein- one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas, home to famous music venues, fun dance clubs, relaxed bars and more and many more to see! Very spacious ground floor apartment up to 4 people. The apartment is located next to the Anne Frank museum and Westertoren.  Just in the heart of the Jordaan area.  Damsquare only 5 minutes by foot. Tram stop only 2 minutes walk.  Around the corner a few small bars to have lunch and dinner.  The apartment has two bedrooms and have their own bathroom. Living room is very big and provides a great atmosphere and a home-like feeling. It has a beautiful luxurious couch, TV and a big dining area. Kitchen is nearby and has all you need to pre","Jordaan is a lively neighbourhood located next to the city centre. You can find here everything you need for an enjoyable stay in Amsterdam: old Dutch cafes, great restaurants and brick oven pizzerias; boutique design shops, local supermarkets and sight-seeings, such as Westerkerk and Anne Frank House.  Nice to know: each of the streets is named after a flower.","Right in CITY CENTRE. It can't be easier to get around! Just take a bus or a tram that will stop at Westermarkt. Buses (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) and trams 13, 17",We only have a few rules.  No smoking and drugs inside the apartment.  No loud music after 10.30pm. You will have neighbors.  Check in possible till 9 pm. Late check in fee after 9 pm till 11pm (€ 45)
