"This beautiful top floor open space apartment is located in the upcoming area Bos en Lommer, just outside the city center, which is only about 8-10 minutes by bike. It's bright and spacious and has an amazing roof terrace that's perfect for a BBQ or for just chilling out. The apartment comes with two very sweet and  rather shy cats who need minimal care.","The 100 m2 house consists of 2 floors with an inner staircase. On the down floor you find the living room with a fully equipped open space kitchen, and a small balcony where you can sit (and smoke). From the hall you enter the bathroom with its toilet and sink, and next door the spare room. The living room has large windows, so you can overlook big parts of the city.  Going up on the stairs onto the second floor, you find the master bedroom and a walk-in closet with ironing equipment. There is a well-sized bathroom with a shower and a separate bath tub. Next to the bathroom is the exit that leads to one of the best features of the house: the roof terrace with a large lounge and dining/sitting area. The roof terrace is fenced all around, offering the privacy for private sunbathing. The view is magnificent, and you can overlook large parts of the area due to the lack of high buildings in the proximity.  The house is a fantastic modern, but warm property, that has all you can dream of whe","This beautiful top floor open space apartment is located in the upcoming area Bos en Lommer, just outside the city center, which is only about 8-10 minutes by bike. It's bright and spacious and has an amazing roof terrace that's perfect for a BBQ or for just chilling out. The apartment comes with two very sweet and  rather shy cats who need minimal care. The 100 m2 house consists of 2 floors with an inner staircase. On the down floor you find the living room with a fully equipped open space kitchen, and a small balcony where you can sit (and smoke). From the hall you enter the bathroom with its toilet and sink, and next door the spare room. The living room has large windows, so you can overlook big parts of the city.  Going up on the stairs onto the second floor, you find the master bedroom and a walk-in closet with ironing equipment. There is a well-sized bathroom with a shower and a separate bath tub. Next to the bathroom is the exit that leads to one of the best features of the hous","Although Bos en Lommer it is not a place to do your fashion shopping, it’s a surprisingly upcoming area with a lot of trendy hotspots. As a foodie Bos and Lommer is definitely worth to check out. Literally around the corner from my house, you will find Bar Roseval (Admiraal de Ruijterweg 404) that has an amazing terrace, although it's also very pleasant to sit inside. It's closed on Mondays, but on all other days it's open for lunch and diner (it has a small, but delicious menu). It's also a perfect spot to have drink with a small bite. Also not to miss, is Samen on the Bos en Lommerweg 72: great coffee, delicious juices and a small, very tasty breakfast and lunch menu.  A little further down the road, you will find Podium Mozaïek, a theatre cafe with extensive menus for breakfast/lunch or dinner where locals like to meet up. Enjoy their world cuisine or just have a drink at the sunny terrace.  Another great place is restaurant and bar Wilde Westen, a typical all day hotspot where you ","Tram & bus There is one tram that stops very nearby: the 19. Tram tickets can be obtained in the tram itself or at a train station.  The 19 leaves from the Sloterdijk train station and connects the western part of the city with the eastern part, crossing through the centre. If you want to go to the Museum District, where you’ll find the Stedelijk Museum, the Van Gogh Museum and the Rijks Museum, take this tram. For the Stedelijk Museum and the Van Gogh. Get off at stop Leidseplein. From there it’s just a short walk. For the Rijks Museum takes the next stop, Spiegelgracht.   Directions to tram 19: once you're outside, go left, turn immediately left, walk down the street and take a left at the café at the corner (Pistou). The tram stop is on the street you are one now (Admiraal de Ruijterweg), on the opposite side, a few steps further down. The sign on tram you take should say ‘Amstelstation’.  Bus 21, that stops at the Haarlemmerweg, takes you to Central Station (so it’s also very conve",
