"A privately owned family home; 3 bedrooms, spacious, close to city-centre, and a relaxed haven. Situated in the north, this area is proudly compared to the Meatpacking District in NYC; up-and-coming and full of surprises. Lots of hidden gems (bars, restaurants, food courts, etc. nearby). The house is suitable for COUPLES AND FAMILIES ONLY as we have a babyroom / children's room, 2nd bedroom, and extra utilities such as a bassinet, a baby-bath, feeding pillow, playpen, and toys included.","A hundred fifty m2 (sixteen hundred sq.ft) house, incredible kitchen (6-way stove, 3-way oven), 3 bedrooms, expanded bath & bathroom, 2 toilets.","A privately owned family home; 3 bedrooms, spacious, close to city-centre, and a relaxed haven. Situated in the north, this area is proudly compared to the Meatpacking District in NYC; up-and-coming and full of surprises. Lots of hidden gems (bars, restaurants, food courts, etc. nearby). The house is suitable for COUPLES AND FAMILIES ONLY as we have a babyroom / children's room, 2nd bedroom, and extra utilities such as a bassinet, a baby-bath, feeding pillow, playpen, and toys included. A hundred fifty m2 (sixteen hundred sq.ft) house, incredible kitchen (6-way stove, 3-way oven), 3 bedrooms, expanded bath & bathroom, 2 toilets. A privately owned home, accessed by one flight of stairs. We won't be in or around the house as to give you full privacy. However, wherever we may be, we'll always be accessible for you for any thoughts, needs, or inquiries. Amsterdam Noord is considered to be the most upcoming neighbourhood of the city and it shows; it's industrial, it's rugged (but not rough)","Amsterdam Noord is considered to be the most upcoming neighbourhood of the city and it shows; it's industrial, it's rugged (but not rough), we have a local brewery and foodcourt around the corner as well as local bars and restaurants. Overall, it's a quiet and residential area.","There's free parking around the house and public transport will get you to Amsterdam Central Station in 10 minutes; there's a bus stop at 30 seconds and a 5-minute-walk, the ferry takes 2 minutes to get to Central Station and from there you can get any bus /metro / tram / bike rental to continue your way around Amsterdam",
