"Stunning, in 2014, remodeled apartment (166m2) with big private yard (190m2) in one of the most beautiful parts of town. Close to Vondelpark, Museumplein, The Pijp, Centre: all in walkable distance. 5 beds for adults, 1 baby-bed. 2 Bicycles included.","We recently totally renovated our place which was previously two separate apartments and is now one beautiful space of 166 m2. It would feel good for singles, couples or families to stay as we like beautiful things that make it nice for everyone to stay but also have all children utilities that you need in case you plan to come with kids. Especially the garden makes it unique in Amsterdam.","Stunning, in 2014, remodeled apartment (166m2) with big private yard (190m2) in one of the most beautiful parts of town. Close to Vondelpark, Museumplein, The Pijp, Centre: all in walkable distance. 5 beds for adults, 1 baby-bed. 2 Bicycles included. We recently totally renovated our place which was previously two separate apartments and is now one beautiful space of 166 m2. It would feel good for singles, couples or families to stay as we like beautiful things that make it nice for everyone to stay but also have all children utilities that you need in case you plan to come with kids. Especially the garden makes it unique in Amsterdam. Guests will have access to all rooms and the complete space. We will not be in the house if guests are here and will welcome them and be there for the check-out. We would love to share tips about Amsterdam if interested. This neighborhood is one of the most beautiful and well-established areas in Amsterdam. Very close to the important museums and Vondelp","This neighborhood is one of the most beautiful and well-established areas in Amsterdam. Very close to the important museums and Vondelpark, easy to catch the tram and even walk into the city center or Leidseplein. It is next to the Pijp which is the area with the most restaurants and has great markets close-by.","Access with the tram 5 or 24 from Central Station is very easy, stop Apollolaan. The same counts for entering the city when arriving at the airport - you take the train to Amsterdam-Zuid and take tram 5. Both trips of about 20 minutes.","We would love to welcome guests who treat our place as theirs, with respect for the quality of the apartment and for the neighbours."
