"Nice apartment for a city trip. Good to reach by public transport and bike. Furthermore, it also offers free parking, which is unique in Amsterdam!","The apartment is a good place to relax after a day city sightseeing . The rooms are big and bright.  It also offers a good connection to Zaanseschans, where you can see the typical Dutch windmils and to Twiske a recreational area.  Last but not least, the apartment has plenty enough room for four people! Please note that reservations can only be made for nights between Thursday afternoon and Sunday night.","Nice apartment for a city trip. Good to reach by public transport and bike. Furthermore, it also offers free parking, which is unique in Amsterdam! The apartment is a good place to relax after a day city sightseeing . The rooms are big and bright.  It also offers a good connection to Zaanseschans, where you can see the typical Dutch windmils and to Twiske a recreational area.  Last but not least, the apartment has plenty enough room for four people! Please note that reservations can only be made for nights between Thursday afternoon and Sunday night. When entering the building you will have access to a central entrance hall. In the apartment you will find a kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, toilet and a living room with balcony. I, Simone, or my boyfriend Marc will be at the apartment to welcome you and show you around. During your stay it will be possible to contact us by phone er (Hidden by Airbnb) . The apartment is located in a quiet area of Amsterdam . Its 850 meters from the NDSM-warf ",The apartment is located in a quiet area of Amsterdam . Its 850 meters from the NDSM-warf and the Brooklyn hotel. The nearest bus stop is 100 meters with the bus departing every 10 minutes to central station. Also there is a free ferry departing every half hour to central which I can recommend for a nice trip.,From central station it’s possible to take the ferry or bus to the apartment. They both will take up to about 15 minutes (see also a map of Amsterdam Central Station in our picture gallery).,Please do not smoke in the house. If necessary only at the balcony.
