"An inspired space in a traditional Pijp brownstone. Two large bedrooms with two queen-sized beds. Twin bed in the living room. Perfect accommodation for relaxation, contemplation and a very cozy, authentic, central Amsterdam neighbourhood.","Two renovated floors - complete oak plank flooring and leemstuk (clay) walls - 140 m2 in the heart of de Pijp in Amsterdam. Lower floor is 70 m2 spacious floor-thru living room & open kitchen with complete dining with 8 person dining table and WC. Second floor is two large bedrooms with shower + tub bathroom. Stairs lead upward to a glass house & lounge + entrance to a 50m2 dakterras with barbeque & dining table & panoramic view of the city. Ideal and very spacious for two couples. Can easily accommodate 5.  Fully-equipped living area with WIFI, flat-screen TV + high fidelity stereo on first floor, TV + sound system on second floor. Fully-equipped kitchen including dishwasher De Pijp offers endless dining and shopping possibilities. 10 minutes walk to museums or city center, and 3 tramlines stop just out the front door. The Amstel river - perfect for a cafe, bike, walk, or run - is a 2 minute walk. ","An inspired space in a traditional Pijp brownstone. Two large bedrooms with two queen-sized beds. Twin bed in the living room. Perfect accommodation for relaxation, contemplation and a very cozy, authentic, central Amsterdam neighbourhood. Two renovated floors - complete oak plank flooring and leemstuk (clay) walls - 140 m2 in the heart of de Pijp in Amsterdam. Lower floor is 70 m2 spacious floor-thru living room & open kitchen with complete dining with 8 person dining table and WC. Second floor is two large bedrooms with shower + tub bathroom. Stairs lead upward to a glass house & lounge + entrance to a 50m2 dakterras with barbeque & dining table & panoramic view of the city. Ideal and very spacious for two couples. Can easily accommodate 5.  Fully-equipped living area with WIFI, flat-screen TV + high fidelity stereo on first floor, TV + sound system on second floor. Fully-equipped kitchen including dishwasher De Pijp offers endless dining and shopping possibilities. 10 minutes walk t","Read any descriptions of ""de Pijp"" you can find. It's central & trendy with great restaurants & shopping & the Amstel river minutes away.",Both north-south and east-west tram lines stop virtually in front of the door.,"This building houses two other apartments with permanent residents. Enjoy the space to the fullest but no additional guests, or parties please."
