"Spacious penthouse on the 9th floor, 130m2, bright and cosy livingroom, bathroom  bath and shower, modern kitchen  incl, stove, oven, dishwasher, nespresso. huge terrace splendid view. 2 bedrooms with new double beds. This house is not for students, because I have to respect the neighbours. An absolutely non-smoking house. A comfortable and luxury apartment.","A unique and very luxurious penthouse, with a big and modern living room (including Nespresso machine, dishwasher and all other Miele cooking machines), a bathroom with bath and separate shower, two spacious bedrooms and a big rooftop terrace (50m2).  A really great place to enjoy your stay at Amsterdam.   Absolutely non-smoking house","Spacious penthouse on the 9th floor, 130m2, bright and cosy livingroom, bathroom  bath and shower, modern kitchen  incl, stove, oven, dishwasher, nespresso. huge terrace splendid view. 2 bedrooms with new double beds. This house is not for students, because I have to respect the neighbours. An absolutely non-smoking house. A comfortable and luxury apartment. A unique and very luxurious penthouse, with a big and modern living room (including Nespresso machine, dishwasher and all other Miele cooking machines), a bathroom with bath and separate shower, two spacious bedrooms and a big rooftop terrace (50m2).  A really great place to enjoy your stay at Amsterdam.   Absolutely non-smoking house Guests have access to the whole house. The appartement is situated on the 9th floor, with a beautiful overview. It's a 15 minutes walk from the beautiful Westerpark with the popular Westergasfabriek area. There are bakeries,  restaurants and (culinary) shops just around the corner. You are located 15 ","The appartement is situated on the 9th floor, with a beautiful overview. It's a 15 minutes walk from the beautiful Westerpark with the popular Westergasfabriek area. There are bakeries,  restaurants and (culinary) shops just around the corner. You are located 15 minutes by bike from Dam square and the lovely Jordaan neighbourhood. Also 15 minutes by bike to the Leidseplein. If you prefer public transportation it will take you about 20 minutes.",There is excellent public transportation from the apartment to the city center.   Tram 14 takes you to the Anne Frank House- Dam Square - Rembrandt square - Artis Zoo  Tram 7 takes you to the city center/Leidseplein  Bus 15 takes you to Amsterdam Sloterdijk Bus 21 takes you to Westerpark - Jordaan - Central Station.,Check-in time is 14.00 hours  Check in after 21.00 hours will be 20 euro extra Check out time is 11.00 hours  * It is a non-smoking apartment  * No parties allowed * No pets allowed * Respect the rules and the neighbours.  * Please use the house like it is your own.
