Our great home combines the peace and quiet of the Vondelpark and the liveliness of the city. Perfect for families with kids. Easy access to public transportation or start your visit with a stroll through the Vondelpark.      ,"In the very heart of Amsterdam, lies this gorgeous, spacious ground floor house  of 210 square meters.  The house is from 1903 and completely renovated up to modern standards, with respect for the historical details. The unique combination of modern design furniture   and 20th centrury classic details of the house will please you. We have luck to have 2 house next to each other  so the living room /kitchen area covers 2 ground floors of 140 m2. And  one floor on first level of 70 m2, where  bedrooms and bathroom are situated. To complete this all we have our pride, a most spacious and light garden full with flowers and green. On only 5 minutes walk of the house you are in the lovely Vondelpark and in the with several cafe's and restaurants, which offer a wide range of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Within walking distance from our house lie the  Museum area, with the Stedelijk museum ( modern art,) Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum, Concert hall and many more points of interest","Our great home combines the peace and quiet of the Vondelpark and the liveliness of the city. Perfect for families with kids. Easy access to public transportation or start your visit with a stroll through the Vondelpark.       In the very heart of Amsterdam, lies this gorgeous, spacious ground floor house  of 210 square meters.  The house is from 1903 and completely renovated up to modern standards, with respect for the historical details. The unique combination of modern design furniture   and 20th centrury classic details of the house will please you. We have luck to have 2 house next to each other  so the living room /kitchen area covers 2 ground floors of 140 m2. And  one floor on first level of 70 m2, where  bedrooms and bathroom are situated. To complete this all we have our pride, a most spacious and light garden full with flowers and green. On only 5 minutes walk of the house you are in the lovely Vondelpark and in the with several cafe's and restaurants, which offer a wide ran","The house is ideal for families looking for a real Amsterdam experience, in the nicest area of Amsterdam. The centre, leidsesquare, museumsquare and canals are a few minutes bike ride away, and the beautiful Vondelpark is just around the corner on 3 minute walk where you can enjoy in summertime the theater and many the playgrounds! The street is quite and friendly, located on one of the most beautiful bays in the popular Old West, with nearby many cozy restaurants and cafes. The center is minutes cycling distance, the area is easily accessible by car and public transport. ","Public transport is  near by ( ± 5 mins. walk) From our house to Amsterdam Airport (Schiphol) is only 30 min with public transport. If you come by car, there are parking spots in the street, but i have to say you pay a lot per hour!","We only accept families! We expect guests to treat our house and our neighbors as if they were theirs. As our airbnb is located in a local street we expect our guests to respect the lives and rhythm of our neighbors  1) No parties inout  home please  2) No smoking in the house.  3) No pets,.. sorry,  4) No unexpected guests without prior notice.  5) Checkin and Checkout time are flexible  6) No loud music after 22:00,  7) Please be especially quiet in summer time when your in the garden after 22:00, since my neighbors sleep  close by 8) It would be great if you could please leave the house as clean as you found it.  9) Avoid loud conversations in our street 10) thats all!;)"
