"Spacious and bright apartment with canal-view in a quiet and silence area next to the beautiful and vivid Westerpark. There is a high quality  mattress, modern kitchen and free Wifi.  Five minutes walking from the Jordan, close to center. Good nightshops and caffes in the area.","Spacious apartment  with nice double bed in a silent and peaceful area. 2 minutes walking from the Jordaan. Bamboo floor new kitchen, shower, free wifi. Beautiful view on the canal in a very nice area well served by public transportation. The space is clean with lot of light and a balcony, big open kitchen Free wifi canalvew password: Amsterdam70","Spacious and bright apartment with canal-view in a quiet and silence area next to the beautiful and vivid Westerpark. There is a high quality  mattress, modern kitchen and free Wifi.  Five minutes walking from the Jordan, close to center. Good nightshops and caffes in the area. Spacious apartment  with nice double bed in a silent and peaceful area. 2 minutes walking from the Jordaan. Bamboo floor new kitchen, shower, free wifi. Beautiful view on the canal in a very nice area well served by public transportation. The space is clean with lot of light and a balcony, big open kitchen Free wifi canalvew password: Amsterdam70 The apartment is located in the west area of Amsterdam just few minutes walking from the centre. The area is lovely from whatever direction you go. You are very close to the famous Jordan area, full of cafes and restaurants. On the back side you can reach the beautiful Westerpark in three minutes where you can find nice cafes and place to eat. You can find a nice night ","The apartment is located in the west area of Amsterdam just few minutes walking from the centre. The area is lovely from whatever direction you go. You are very close to the famous Jordan area, full of cafes and restaurants. On the back side you can reach the beautiful Westerpark in three minutes where you can find nice cafes and place to eat. You can find a nice night supermarket (Avond Market) located on De Wittenkade 96.  It stays open until midnight.  On the opposite side of the supermarket there is the Nassau Caffe, nice for food and drinks.  Usefull website: (Website hidden by Airbnb)",Very easy to arrive: from central station with bus 22 or 21 or 15 min walking.,"No smoking inside, but possible on the balcony. The space is shoes free, please leave your shoes at the entrance. No parties. No deep cooking and frying especially meat and fish."
