"Very light, spacious apartment with two floors, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a splendid view of the river Amstel. Located opposite of green parks and a trendy riverbank side. City centre is only a 10-minute bike ride. The best of both worlds!","We have a very light and comfortable apartment with two floors. Downstairs, it's a lofty space with an open kitchen in the back and a relaxing tv corner in the front. In addition, there is a reading/working space in the front. On the same floor, there is a large bathroom with a bathtub, shower and washing machine. Upstairs there are two bedrooms. The smaller one has a queen-size bed, the larger one features a bunk bed that is perfectly suitable for adults. The upper floor has a bathroom as well, with a shower, sink and toilet.  The apartment has large windows, with a view of river Amstel and hotspot RIVA - a restaurant with the best terrace in town - in the front and a view of a large garden in the back. This ensures a lot of privacy. The windows in the back slide open, perfect for those summer days. Upstairs, there is a roof terrace as well, where you can catch sun until 9pm! The roof terrace is shielded, so with the sun out it's always comfy. The apartment is located on the bank of t","Very light, spacious apartment with two floors, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a splendid view of the river Amstel. Located opposite of green parks and a trendy riverbank side. City centre is only a 10-minute bike ride. The best of both worlds! We have a very light and comfortable apartment with two floors. Downstairs, it's a lofty space with an open kitchen in the back and a relaxing tv corner in the front. In addition, there is a reading/working space in the front. On the same floor, there is a large bathroom with a bathtub, shower and washing machine. Upstairs there are two bedrooms. The smaller one has a queen-size bed, the larger one features a bunk bed that is perfectly suitable for adults. The upper floor has a bathroom as well, with a shower, sink and toilet.  The apartment has large windows, with a view of river Amstel and hotspot RIVA - a restaurant with the best terrace in town - in the front and a view of a large garden in the back. This ensures a lot of privacy. The windo","The 'Rivierenbuurt' is a neighborhood with many families with kids. It's spacious, with many parks, playgrounds and some public swimming pools. Lately, a trendy crowd has discovered the area, drawing many new restaurants and bars. This attracts many young people, creating a lovely vibe while maintaining a safe and open environment. There are many small (specialized) grocery shops, as well as Thai, Indian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Surinamese, French and Italian restaurants.","Amstel train station is a 10-minute walk, where you can take the train and metro or rent a bike. Our apartment is a 15-minute ride from Schiphol airport, costing about €40,-. But the train is quick as well!","House rules - Check in: 3.00 PM (unless agreed otherwise) - Check in after 8:00 PM: we charge €20 extra to cover our expenses - Check out: 11.00 AM We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: - Please keep the noise down. We kindly ask you to respect your neighbours; - No loud music after 10.00 PM;  - No house parties;  - No additional guests allowed without approval;  - No smoking inside the apartment; - No drugs. The use of drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited. The penalty is a fine up to €100,-  - We provide you with clean bedsheets and one medium sized towel (140x70 cm) per person at no additional charge. Please leave them after check out; - Extra towels are available for rent for €2 per towel. - Please do not use any other towels and/or bedlinen you might find in the house. We will charge you €25,- for dry cleaning services. - Please do not accept any mail packages from the mailman, only the house owner is allowed to do so;  - We guarantee a cle"
