"Modern house for families or older couples (50+). Great base for exploring the city, 15 min from city centre by bike/tram. Entire home with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 3 toilets, sleeps 4. One Master bedroom, and 2 bedrooms with a single bed/ and a bunk bed.","Beautiful, modern bright 4 bedroom house of 150m2 with veranda on the south at the waterfront with private garage and magnificent view. The house is divided over three floors, has 2 bathrooms and designed by the famous Spanish architect Mateo. The house is situated at the water front on the Borneo Island, walking distance from shops, café’s, restaurants and nightlife (The Harbourclub, Oceaan cafe, Pata Negra, Lloyds Hotel etc. etc.) Ten minutes by public transport/bicycle from city centre and easy access to the highway (A10). Free wifi available. Lay out:  Entrance on the ground floor, hall, living & dining room of 60m2 with direct access to the sunny (south) veranda with open view on the water, fully equipped kitchen, toilet. First floor: 1 large bedroom (single bed), 1 smaller bedroom (with a bunk bed), patio, bathroom with shower and toilet.  Second floor: master bedroom with double bed, open bathroom with shower cabin and toilet.  Private garage: situated under the house, accessibl","Modern house for families or older couples (50+). Great base for exploring the city, 15 min from city centre by bike/tram. Entire home with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 3 toilets, sleeps 4. One Master bedroom, and 2 bedrooms with a single bed/ and a bunk bed. Beautiful, modern bright 4 bedroom house of 150m2 with veranda on the south at the waterfront with private garage and magnificent view. The house is divided over three floors, has 2 bathrooms and designed by the famous Spanish architect Mateo. The house is situated at the water front on the Borneo Island, walking distance from shops, café’s, restaurants and nightlife (The Harbourclub, Oceaan cafe, Pata Negra, Lloyds Hotel etc. etc.) Ten minutes by public transport/bicycle from city centre and easy access to the highway (A10). Free wifi available. Lay out:  Entrance on the ground floor, hall, living & dining room of 60m2 with direct access to the sunny (south) veranda with open view on the water, fully equipped kitchen, toilet. First f","Unique architecture, at the waterfront, quiet at night, plenty of restaurants, shops etc nearby.","5 min walk to a bus that takes you directly to central station in 10 minutes, 7 minutes walk to a tramstation which takes you to central station in 10 minutes or 15 minutes bike ride to the center of the city.",- House only for rent for families or older (50+)couples. - Family area - No smoking pls - Pls respect the neighbors
