,"Spacious apartment of 90 m2 with living room, dining room and three separate bedrooms. Furthermore a bathroom, kitchen, separate toilet and 2 balconies. You'll stay in a spacious modern apartment with three separate bedrooms, furnished with good beds. Bedroom # 1 has a double bed, bedroom # 2 is even equipped with Nasa Foam mattresses. In Bedroom # 3 has a single bed and a sleeping sofa chair. If your group consists of more than 6 guests, another sleeping sofa is available in the living room. Not on photo. The kitchen is fully equipped so you can prepare a delicious breakfast and / or dinner. The dining table can be expanded, so 8 people can easily sit at the table. From the apartment the Rembrandt Park and the connecting Vondelpark are in walking distance. There are also many supermarkets, groceries, and specialty shops present in the area. In terms of public transport different forms of transportation stop at the corner of Jan van Galenstraat / Hoofdweg (2-minute walk) - Tram 7; dire","Spacious apartment of 90 m2 with living room, dining room and three separate bedrooms. Furthermore a bathroom, kitchen, separate toilet and 2 balconies. You'll stay in a spacious modern apartment with three separate bedrooms, furnished with good beds. Bedroom # 1 has a double bed, bedroom # 2 is even equipped with Nasa Foam mattresses. In Bedroom # 3 has a single bed and a sleeping sofa chair. If your group consists of more than 6 guests, another sleeping sofa is available in the living room. Not on photo. The kitchen is fully equipped so you can prepare a delicious breakfast and / or dinner. The dining table can be expanded, so 8 people can easily sit at the table. From the apartment the Rembrandt Park and the connecting Vondelpark are in walking distance. There are also many supermarkets, groceries, and specialty shops present in the area. In terms of public transport different forms of transportation stop at the corner of Jan van Galenstraat / Hoofdweg (2-minute walk) - Tram 7; dire",,,"- Have a great time in one of worlds greatest cities! - Tell us if you broke something, we'll have a look at the damage (which is on your cost) - Leave the house clean and proper like it was when you came. - No Smoking or Joints in the apartment  - No Party Policy (no curfew, but we do have neighbours so no music after 22:00 hours) - No Pets"
