"Our family friendly & nicely designed home used to be a bar owned by an opera singer. Lots of history and character! It comfortably fits 4 to 6 people and is located in the middle of de Pijp, Amsterdam's nicest area near RAI and the museum district.","We rent out our private home (3 bedrooms) in one of the nicest areas in Amsterdam. It is perfect for one or two couples with one or two kids, but it easily fits 5 adults  too (2 double beds, one single). It's a ground and second floor corner apartment of  1375 sq. ft (125m2) (Actually I think it's even a bit bigger).  It used to be a bar plus living quarters, after that it was a photo studio, now it's our home. Because of the store front, the living room has a huge front door and really big windows, lots of light. We recently created a new bathroom, decent size for Amsterdam standards. The floor plan: a big hallway (we call it the garden room) with lots of lights, lots of plants and a round dining table.  Then a den to watch TV (Netflix and cable) and read books.  It has a big kitchen with a huge table, lots of art and photography, an espresso machine, a stove with oven, a dishwasher, and some English cooking books, so you can fix a nice dinner at home, if you don't feel like going out","Our family friendly & nicely designed home used to be a bar owned by an opera singer. Lots of history and character! It comfortably fits 4 to 6 people and is located in the middle of de Pijp, Amsterdam's nicest area near RAI and the museum district. We rent out our private home (3 bedrooms) in one of the nicest areas in Amsterdam. It is perfect for one or two couples with one or two kids, but it easily fits 5 adults  too (2 double beds, one single). It's a ground and second floor corner apartment of  1375 sq. ft (125m2) (Actually I think it's even a bit bigger).  It used to be a bar plus living quarters, after that it was a photo studio, now it's our home. Because of the store front, the living room has a huge front door and really big windows, lots of light. We recently created a new bathroom, decent size for Amsterdam standards. The floor plan: a big hallway (we call it the garden room) with lots of lights, lots of plants and a round dining table.  Then a den to watch TV (Netflix and","De Pijp (South side of the Amsterdam city center) is a popular and lively neighbourhood, close to the actual city centre. 15 minutes by tram from Central Station and a 7 minute walk to the Museum District, 12 minutes from the famous Leidse Square and 5 minutes from the Albert Cuyp street market.  Close to the famous Heineken beer brewery and there are tons of nice pubs and restaurants close by. We are a 20 minutes walk from Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre. We put together a personal map and list of great places to see and do while you are here!","There's trams around the corner Tram 3 and 12 are 2 minutes away (Ceintuurbaan/Ferdinand Bolstraat), Trams 5 and 24 are 6 minutes away (Roelof Hartplein).  Parking is expensive like everywhere in Amsterdam, €5 per hour from 9 till 24. €36 for 24 hours. A taxi from Schiphol Airport is €40 -€45. An Uber can be as cheap as €25. Public transport from Schiphol:  take the Train to Amsterdam Zuid tram 5 (direction Centraal Station) get of stop Roelof Hartplein 5 minute walk. (URL HIDDEN)","Smoking outside please, but you're on the ground floor, so that's easy. Because of allergies we prefer no pets. There's a small boy living here we have lots of toys, which can be played with in a normal way ;) Furthermore you can basically use anything in our house, as long as you do it in a respectful way, but I guess that's the same anywhere."
