"Our house is in a peacefull neighbourhood and close by (15 min. walk) cultural places like, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Carre, Concertgebouw, Scheepvaartsmuseum, Nemo and the Zoo. Also the best restaurants around the corner.","Spacious family residence. Close by city centre and its beautiful canals. Situated in a friendly warm neighborhood.  Residence with a surface of one hundred fifty square meters is divided over three floors with a characteristic full bright green view from the front yard. Living room is separated from dining room by authentic doors original design from the eighteenth century.  Bedrooms are situated in the modern renovated basement and provides space for the master bedroom, the children’s room and a convenient guest room. Walk in closet gives you enough space for clothes and shoes. Luxurious bathroom with toilet, bath tub and separated shower will provide you in all your needs. Modern light kitchen with fully equipment is situated close by living and dining room. Easy accessible from outside terrace. The sunny private back yard with playground for children and two individual terraces will give you thé Amsterdam family summer experience!  Residence is located close by public transport, ma","Our house is in a peacefull neighbourhood and close by (15 min. walk) cultural places like, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Carre, Concertgebouw, Scheepvaartsmuseum, Nemo and the Zoo. Also the best restaurants around the corner. Spacious family residence. Close by city centre and its beautiful canals. Situated in a friendly warm neighborhood.  Residence with a surface of one hundred fifty square meters is divided over three floors with a characteristic full bright green view from the front yard. Living room is separated from dining room by authentic doors original design from the eighteenth century.  Bedrooms are situated in the modern renovated basement and provides space for the master bedroom, the children’s room and a convenient guest room. Walk in closet gives you enough space for clothes and shoes. Luxurious bathroom with toilet, bath tub and separated shower will provide you in all your needs. Modern light kitchen with fully equipment is situated close by living ",,,"Please no shoes downstairs  No drugs and parties No hard music No smoking in and around the house, also not on the balcony and gardens"
