,"Our typical Amsterdam house dates from anno 1890. The house is uniquely situated, next to the Vondelpark, in walking distance of the canals and the oldest part of Amsterdam. We live in a great neighbourhood with lots of shops, cafes and restaurants.  The house has two quiet, bright and spacey floors of totally 120 m2. with a large open kitchen/dining room area, 3 bedrooms and next to this the house has a basement of 50m2 where you can watch television or play on the playstation. The house has a large, sunny garden facing south-west. in the morning it's lovely to have your breakfast or have dinner in the evening! the front of the house looks out on green gardens and a small neighborhood park. The open kitchen/dining room is ideal for passionate cooks and for hosting guests. we have an espresso machine and a well equipped kitchen with microwave and oven. On the 2nd floor are the bedrooms overlooking the small neighborhood park. There is one master bedroom, one big junior bedroom, both 17","Our typical Amsterdam house dates from anno 1890. The house is uniquely situated, next to the Vondelpark, in walking distance of the canals and the oldest part of Amsterdam. We live in a great neighbourhood with lots of shops, cafes and restaurants.  The house has two quiet, bright and spacey floors of totally 120 m2. with a large open kitchen/dining room area, 3 bedrooms and next to this the house has a basement of 50m2 where you can watch television or play on the playstation. The house has a large, sunny garden facing south-west. in the morning it's lovely to have your breakfast or have dinner in the evening! the front of the house looks out on green gardens and a small neighborhood park. The open kitchen/dining room is ideal for passionate cooks and for hosting guests. we have an espresso machine and a well equipped kitchen with microwave and oven. On the 2nd floor are the bedrooms overlooking the small neighborhood park. There is one master bedroom, one big junior bedroom, both 17",,"How to reach our home when: 1 / Travelling by plane, Schiphol airport Public transport: Take the train (Sprinter) from Schiphol to Station Amsterdam Lelylaan, this takes 6 min Walk in 3 minutes to the tram stop downstairs Take tram 1, direction Central station Get off at Jan Pieter Heyestraat / Overtoom and enter the Jan Pieter Heyestraat, take the first street on your right, 1e Helmerstraat, then the 1st street on your left, Nicolaas Beetsstraat. Total 4 minutes walking Total traveling time al together aprox. 22 minutes 2/ By Taxi: Around 30 euro, around 17 minutes. 3 / Travelling by train: When you arrive at Amsterdam Central Station: Tram 1 (direction Osdorp De Aker) Get off at Jan Pieter Heyestraat / Overtoom and enter the Jan Pieter Heyestraat, take the first street on your right, 1e Helmerstraat, then the 1st street on your left, Nicolaas Beetsstraat. Total 4 minutes walking Total traveling time al together aprox. 20 minutes 4/ Travelling by car: Unfortunately all of Amsterdam is","-we have two cats. They need to be fed twice a day. They are really lovely, easy to take care off and most of the time outside in the gardens. - No smoking inside, but feel free to use the garden.  - Please take the neighbors in consideration: after 23.00 we normally try to keep our voices down.. or move inside. - No drugs please... - Things can break. No problem. But please let me know so I can replace it.  - For questions, please do not hesitate to ask me - I'll respond within a few hours!"
