"Comfortable, spacious appartment (90m2) in the center of Amsterdam. All facilicities are available so you will feel at home instantly! It is located in the hip Pijp area and walking distance from the canals and tourist attractions","It is a two story appartment on the 2nd and 3rd floor. The appartment is accessible by elevator or by stairs.  Downstairs there is a kitchen, living room and toilet. The kitchen is equipped with kettle, Nespresso machine, microwave-oven, and dishwasher. Upstairs there are three bedrooms, spacious bathroom with shower (no bath) and a balcony. In the master bedroom there is a kingsize bed available and in the 2nd bedroom there is a 2-person sleeping couch (with sheets). You will have access to all rooms in the appartment I will not be there The appartment is located in the Pijp, well known for the most famous outdoor market of the Netherlands: The Albert Cuyp market. It is located right at the Sarphatipark and close to a lot of restaurants and bars. Tram stops for trams in all directions are max 100m from the appartment. It takes 10 min to Amsterdam Amstel station or RAI station. To central station, it takes about 20 min by tram. The appartment is accessible by elevator and stairs. You w","Comfortable, spacious appartment (90m2) in the center of Amsterdam. All facilicities are available so you will feel at home instantly! It is located in the hip Pijp area and walking distance from the canals and tourist attractions It is a two story appartment on the 2nd and 3rd floor. The appartment is accessible by elevator or by stairs.  Downstairs there is a kitchen, living room and toilet. The kitchen is equipped with kettle, Nespresso machine, microwave-oven, and dishwasher. Upstairs there are three bedrooms, spacious bathroom with shower (no bath) and a balcony. In the master bedroom there is a kingsize bed available and in the 2nd bedroom there is a 2-person sleeping couch (with sheets). You will have access to all rooms in the appartment I will not be there The appartment is located in the Pijp, well known for the most famous outdoor market of the Netherlands: The Albert Cuyp market. It is located right at the Sarphatipark and close to a lot of restaurants and bars. Tram stops ","The apartment is located in the Pijp, well known for the most famous outdoor market of the Netherlands: The Albert Cuyp market. It is located right at the Sarphatipark and close to a lot of restaurants and bars.","Tram stops for trams in all directions are max 100m from the apartment. It takes 10 min to Amsterdam Amstel station or RAI station. To central station, it takes about 20 min by tram.",No smoking and animals in the the apartment allowed. The balcony is perfectly suitable for smoking.
