"Great 1 room apartment in lively Amsterdam East-Watergraafsmeer. This apartment is separated in two by en suite doors. One half is the living/bed room, the other half is the eating room. Both sides of the house have an balcony. Spacious kitchen!","My apartment (which can be separated in 2 rooms) is located in Amsterdam East-Watergraafsmeer. Bedroom is situated in a studio setting, though it is a kind of separated area My apartment is 60 m2 and has on both sides a balcony. The apartment has one very comfortable and clean/fresh 2-person bed. There is a spacious kitchen with an oven and dishwasher and we have a basic bathroom/toilet.  Nearby (1 minute walk) tram stop of line 9 (that goes to Waterloo square, Rembrandt square, Dam square and Central Station. Further several busses stop nearby. Amstel train station is at a 15min walk. Muiderpoort train station is a 10 minute bike ride. You'll reach the highway (A10) in 1 kilometer. Nearby shopping mall and very nice bars & restaurants.  We are located very close to Frankendael park and you will reach the Ijburg beach in 30 minutes by bike. Car friendly area, cheap parking.","Great 1 room apartment in lively Amsterdam East-Watergraafsmeer. This apartment is separated in two by en suite doors. One half is the living/bed room, the other half is the eating room. Both sides of the house have an balcony. Spacious kitchen! My apartment (which can be separated in 2 rooms) is located in Amsterdam East-Watergraafsmeer. Bedroom is situated in a studio setting, though it is a kind of separated area My apartment is 60 m2 and has on both sides a balcony. The apartment has one very comfortable and clean/fresh 2-person bed. There is a spacious kitchen with an oven and dishwasher and we have a basic bathroom/toilet.  Nearby (1 minute walk) tram stop of line 9 (that goes to Waterloo square, Rembrandt square, Dam square and Central Station. Further several busses stop nearby. Amstel train station is at a 15min walk. Muiderpoort train station is a 10 minute bike ride. You'll reach the highway (A10) in 1 kilometer. Nearby shopping mall and very nice bars & restaurants.  We are",Frankendael park Cosy and tasty local bars/restaurants Easy going and greenest area of amsterdam,"Train, tram, bus within 5 minutes walk.",No pets allowed. No smoking inside.
