"Note: I only rent out to families and respectable people.  Groups of students or young people wanting to party need not apply, as I won't accept the reservation.  This is not a party house.  Do want to experience the real Amsterdam? Stay here! It's only occasionally rented out, so it's a real persons house. Enjoy our big living room in bohemian style with open plan kitchen or relax in our sunny garden! I am a bar-restaurant owner, so I can give you loads of tips on where to eat and go out!","Enjoy our big living room in bohemian style with open plan kitchen or relax in our sunny garden! Two bedrooms which offer space for max 4 persons.  Close to the center, Dappermarkt and local brewery het IJ. For families: there are toys and games! Bohemian, Asian influenced living room with a lot of space. The windows on both sides make it light and pleasant. Guest have access to everything, except two closets. I'm happy to show you around the house! And I will tell you where to go and fun things to do.  I love the Dapper market, it's the best market in Amsterdam and just a 15 min walk from the house. 5 min walk to Javaplein and Javastraat where you'll find loads of great bars and restaurants.  There are several trams and busses nearby. Bus 22 takes you to Central Station, the bus stop is at the bottom of the street. Tram 14 takes you into the city centre as well, it leaves from Javaplein (5 min walk). This is NOT a party house!","Note: I only rent out to families and respectable people.  Groups of students or young people wanting to party need not apply, as I won't accept the reservation.  This is not a party house.  Do want to experience the real Amsterdam? Stay here! It's only occasionally rented out, so it's a real persons house. Enjoy our big living room in bohemian style with open plan kitchen or relax in our sunny garden! I am a bar-restaurant owner, so I can give you loads of tips on where to eat and go out! Enjoy our big living room in bohemian style with open plan kitchen or relax in our sunny garden! Two bedrooms which offer space for max 4 persons.  Close to the center, Dappermarkt and local brewery het IJ. For families: there are toys and games! Bohemian, Asian influenced living room with a lot of space. The windows on both sides make it light and pleasant. Guest have access to everything, except two closets. I'm happy to show you around the house! And I will tell you where to go and fun things to d","Welcome to the most upcoming neighborhood in Amsterdam, with loads of great restaurants, bars and markets.","There are several trams and busses nearby. Bus 22 takes you to Central Station, the bus stop is at the bottom of the street. Tram 14 takes you into the city centre as well, it leaves from Javaplein (5 min walk).","Please respect my privacy and do not open closets and cupboards you're not meant to. There are lots of toys, which are very precious to my 7 year old. Don't damage or break them, he will be shattered!  There is a garden, but please do not make any noise in the evening, it's a quiet neighborhood."
