"Very spacious (110 m²) and luxurious home at the Schinkel canal in Amsterdam Oud Zuid. Popular part of town, without big-city stress, but close to all places you want to go to. A minutes’ walk from the Vondelpark. A perfect place for families.","This beautiful home was completely renovated and redecorated in 2010. The ground floor (55 m²) has an own entrance and hall, charming living room, fully equipped kitchen, big dining table, toilet and wardrobe. In the back there’s a romantic garden with a small terrace, lounge couch, dining table & chairs and a BBQ. The first floor (55 m²) can be reached by in house stairs and has 3 spacious bedrooms, a bathroom, a toilet, washing machine room and a balcony. The home has everything you’ll need, including: -Flat screen TV in living room and master bedroom -DVD / CD player with surround sound system -High speed (free) wireless internet -Wii console -Ipod docking station -Washing machine -Microwave -Oven -5 pit stove -Cooker -Large (outside) BBQ -All kitchen equipment you’ll need -Lots of toys for children (including small bikes, scooter) -Linen and towels provided -Supermarket, bakery, convenience store, any shop you need, within a minute -100% clean guarantee","Very spacious (110 m²) and luxurious home at the Schinkel canal in Amsterdam Oud Zuid. Popular part of town, without big-city stress, but close to all places you want to go to. A minutes’ walk from the Vondelpark. A perfect place for families. This beautiful home was completely renovated and redecorated in 2010. The ground floor (55 m²) has an own entrance and hall, charming living room, fully equipped kitchen, big dining table, toilet and wardrobe. In the back there’s a romantic garden with a small terrace, lounge couch, dining table & chairs and a BBQ. The first floor (55 m²) can be reached by in house stairs and has 3 spacious bedrooms, a bathroom, a toilet, washing machine room and a balcony. The home has everything you’ll need, including: -Flat screen TV in living room and master bedroom -DVD / CD player with surround sound system -High speed (free) wireless internet -Wii console -Ipod docking station -Washing machine -Microwave -Oven -5 pit stove -Cooker -Large (outside) BBQ -All","The house is overlooking the Schinkel canal in the popular Schinkel area of Amsterdam Oud Zuid (Old South). The city center is a 10 minutes tram / bike ride away, and so are the museum quarter, concert hall, Leidse plein, Amsterdamse Bos to name a few landmarks. The famous Vondelpark is no more than a 5 minute walk. The Schinkel area has a lot of nice cafés and restaurants. Also all shops you'll need (supermarket, baker shop, convenience store, drugstore etc.) are just around the corner, or even next door.","There are multiple bus- and tramstops within 5 minutes from the house. There are also 2 bikes for adults (with seats for little children) and 4 bikes for kids yours to use (for free). Schiphol airport is a 10 minute taxi ride (app. EUR 35), or you can get there by tram and train 25 minutes (app. EUR 5).","Please feel very welcome in our home, but treat it as if it were your own. - We prefer families and elderly people (no youth / young adult groups) - Perfect for families - No pets - No smoking inside (the ground floor terrace next to the living room / kitchen is a good place for sheltered smoking) We do not serve breakfast. You do have your own kitchen. Check in in principle at 7 pm. If you prefer another time please let us know at your reservation request.  At arrival we ask you to pay EUR 85 deposit for the keys. At departure this will be settled with EUR 50 cleaning costs."
