"* Total house - OR - B&B (2 pers only)* Our spacious house is within 10 minutes from the centre, with 2 floors and a beautiful garden an open kitchen, shower, a bathtub (!) and ofcourse free wifi. For who needs it: there is a private (free)parking in our garage. The house is perfect to relax and stay (with our nice garden in particular!). Also next to the Rembrandt park (which is  comparable to the Vondelpark with nice bars at the sides) and short walk to supermarkets and bars (see our map).","The house is only 4 years old so everything is comfortable and newly built. Downstairs you will find the living room and open kitchen, in the hall is the bathroom. Upstairs two bedrooms available (one with bathtub) and down the hall a bathroom with toilet & shower.  You find our house near the centre, next to the Sloterplas (lake), sports, Rembrandt park, drinks, playgrounds, museums etc. It's a great area to stay and a perfect holiday location. No matter if you're young or 'old'.  Guest will have access to everything. The whole house is private all the time. You can reach us when needed for questions or anything else. It's also possible to use the location as a B&B (bed & breakfast) when we are here (only for max. 2 persons). The park, the playground and the stores/supermarket are very nearby. Walking distance to bars, restaurants and markets! The neighbourhood is neat & full of life. Public transport is easy. Tram, bus, train or metro stations are within 5 minutes distance. Take a lo","* Total house - OR - B&B (2 pers only)* Our spacious house is within 10 minutes from the centre, with 2 floors and a beautiful garden an open kitchen, shower, a bathtub (!) and ofcourse free wifi. For who needs it: there is a private (free)parking in our garage. The house is perfect to relax and stay (with our nice garden in particular!). Also next to the Rembrandt park (which is  comparable to the Vondelpark with nice bars at the sides) and short walk to supermarkets and bars (see our map). The house is only 4 years old so everything is comfortable and newly built. Downstairs you will find the living room and open kitchen, in the hall is the bathroom. Upstairs two bedrooms available (one with bathtub) and down the hall a bathroom with toilet & shower.  You find our house near the centre, next to the Sloterplas (lake), sports, Rembrandt park, drinks, playgrounds, museums etc. It's a great area to stay and a perfect holiday location. No matter if you're young or 'old'.  Guest will have ","The park, the playground and the stores/supermarket are very nearby. Walking distance to bars, restaurants and markets! The neighbourhood is neat & full of life. Don't forget to walk through the Rembrandt Park (its next to our home and has cute bars at the centre side (just cross the park and you will see!). Also when you cross the park you can go to Mercatorplein the squar has a lot of bars/restaurants, shops, supermarket and a icecreamshop (ijskuipje!).","Public transport is easy. Tram, bus, train or metro stations are within 5 minutes distance. Take a look at ov9292 online for the route.","You can bring your kids, pets and your parents ;-) All we want is respect for our stuff."
