,"Comfortable and fully furnished apartment (70 m2) for rent next to Overtoom, a stone's throw from the Vondelpark. Excellent public transport connection to the centre of town (Leidseplein, Dam Square, Central Station) and to Schiphol Airport. The light,  bright and quiet apartment has recently been renovated and is well insulated. It is located on third floor of the building. It comprises a spacious living room with flat screen TV and cd-player, a bedroom with a comfortable double bed, ample closet space and separate TV. The kitchen is fully equipped and has a microwave/oven, 4 burner gas hob with wok burner, fridge-freezer, dishwasher and washing machine. The fully tiled bathroom has a shower, toilet, basin and towel dryer. There is a LCD TV, high-speed internet and cable-television.  Shops, supermarkets and bike-rent are within walking distance. Several restaurants are just aroud the corner.  The apartment is located in the lively nineteenth century district Oud-West. There are lots o","Comfortable and fully furnished apartment (70 m2) for rent next to Overtoom, a stone's throw from the Vondelpark. Excellent public transport connection to the centre of town (Leidseplein, Dam Square, Central Station) and to Schiphol Airport. The light,  bright and quiet apartment has recently been renovated and is well insulated. It is located on third floor of the building. It comprises a spacious living room with flat screen TV and cd-player, a bedroom with a comfortable double bed, ample closet space and separate TV. The kitchen is fully equipped and has a microwave/oven, 4 burner gas hob with wok burner, fridge-freezer, dishwasher and washing machine. The fully tiled bathroom has a shower, toilet, basin and towel dryer. There is a LCD TV, high-speed internet and cable-television.  Shops, supermarkets and bike-rent are within walking distance. Several restaurants are just aroud the corner.  The apartment is located in the lively nineteenth century district Oud-West. There are lots o",,"If arriving by public transport: Tramline 1, Stop Rijnvisch Feithstraat is the best option.",
