--,"2 Rooms for rent separately (2 x 2 people) My bright, sunny and stylish apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor, the two upmost floors of a 19th century house in a quiet street in the very heart of the beautiful thriving 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam; 'De Pijp'.  In this authentic, recently renovated apartment I have two rooms available: This spacious room, the master bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a large working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV (Netflix) and your own private terrace where you can read a book or enjoy your breakfast. You can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The other bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV, you can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The toilet is accessible from the hall that separates the two rooms and is shared. Clean sheets and towels are all included. Breakfas","-- 2 Rooms for rent separately (2 x 2 people) My bright, sunny and stylish apartment is situated on the 3rd and 4th floor, the two upmost floors of a 19th century house in a quiet street in the very heart of the beautiful thriving 'Quartier Latin' of Amsterdam; 'De Pijp'.  In this authentic, recently renovated apartment I have two rooms available: This spacious room, the master bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a large working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV (Netflix) and your own private terrace where you can read a book or enjoy your breakfast. You can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The other bedroom features a double bed of 160 x 200, your own private bathroom with a rain shower, a working table, fast WIFI, a flatscreen TV, you can make coffee or tea and you have your own fridge. The toilet is accessible from the hall that separates the two rooms and is shared. Clean sheets and towels are all included. Break",,,/
