"This is my home where I live. And your lucky to stay in it, because I am out of town:-) The appartement has one master bedroom and one big living room. Its located in the old west part of central Amsterdam. The appartement has a rustic look with nice wooden furniture and a very comfortable couch. There is a supermarket across the street and shops, bars, the Vondelpark and Museumdistrict are within walking distance.","1 bed-room 70m2 appartement with high cealing and windows. This makes the appartment light and spacious.   The view over the typical Amsterdam Dutch buildings is amazing and gives you the sense of a real Amsterdam experience. The kitchen is fully equipped with dishwasher, coffeemaker, combi-oven and all the utils you need to cook a nice dinner or make that breakfast youll need.  There is a comfi couch, 41inch flatscreen digital TV with HBO and Netflix. There is also fast WiFi. In the bedroom youll find a large bed with extra comfortable matras. I am very keen on my sleep so I invested in a good matras.  Connecting to the bedroom youll find a balcony where you can have your breakfast in the morning if the weather is good.  Also connecting is the washingroom in where you can find a washing machine and dryer. Third connecting space is the bathroom which has a large bathtub and shower. You can also use utils like a hairdryer. I love this appartment, and I hope you can enjoy it during your ","This is my home where I live. And your lucky to stay in it, because I am out of town:-) The appartement has one master bedroom and one big living room. Its located in the old west part of central Amsterdam. The appartement has a rustic look with nice wooden furniture and a very comfortable couch. There is a supermarket across the street and shops, bars, the Vondelpark and Museumdistrict are within walking distance. 1 bed-room 70m2 appartement with high cealing and windows. This makes the appartment light and spacious.   The view over the typical Amsterdam Dutch buildings is amazing and gives you the sense of a real Amsterdam experience. The kitchen is fully equipped with dishwasher, coffeemaker, combi-oven and all the utils you need to cook a nice dinner or make that breakfast youll need.  There is a comfi couch, 41inch flatscreen digital TV with HBO and Netflix. There is also fast WiFi. In the bedroom youll find a large bed with extra comfortable matras. I am very keen on my sleep so ","A lot of things to do, supermarket across the street, lovely saturday market in walking distance, public transport to Central Station in 14 min. Leidsche Square, Museum Square, Vondelpark in walking distance. In the neighbourhood there are lots of good shops,  bars and restaurants.",Tram and bus within 2 min walking distance.,
