"Light apartment with living room, bathroom, separate toilet and study. Kitchen is good equipped, bedroom has a big and comfortable two-person bed. Close to center; ideal for a city trip! And a good base to enjoy your homemade meals or chill out after a busy day","Light apartment with living room, bathroom, separate toilet and study. Kitchen is good equipped, bedroom has a big and comfortable two-person bed. Close to center; ideal for a city trip! And a good base to enjoy your homemade meals or chill out after a busy day Especially for a 2 person apartment it's quite spacious. There is a separate living room and big kitchen with dining table. Good bed, toilet separated from the bathroom, and all equipment and commodities you'd need, like a dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, etc. There is even a coffee machine you can use! It is also very light, with sun shining on the balcony on the backside until around 12.30 pm. From 15.00 pm it'll start shining in from the front. This makes it a nice hangout if you want to have a day/evening off from the city. Don't worry, if you change your mind; it's only 15 min. to the city center! You'll have the whole apartment for yourself, nothing shared! You can use the bathroom, kitchen, bedroom to your li","Light apartment with living room, bathroom, separate toilet and study. Kitchen is good equipped, bedroom has a big and comfortable two-person bed. Close to center; ideal for a city trip! And a good base to enjoy your homemade meals or chill out after a busy day Light apartment with living room, bathroom, separate toilet and study. Kitchen is good equipped, bedroom has a big and comfortable two-person bed. Close to center; ideal for a city trip! And a good base to enjoy your homemade meals or chill out after a busy day Especially for a 2 person apartment it's quite spacious. There is a separate living room and big kitchen with dining table. Good bed, toilet separated from the bathroom, and all equipment and commodities you'd need, like a dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, etc. There is even a coffee machine you can use! It is also very light, with sun shining on the balcony on the backside until around 12.30 pm. From 15.00 pm it'll start shining in from the front. This makes ","Considering you're in Amsterdam, the neighborhood is quiet. Almost no cars pass the street. But at the corner there is a nice neighborhood bar, where you can drink your coffee on the terrace, or drink a beer at night, watching the game. On walking distance there are quite a few nice restaurants, with good food for a reasonable price (not to be found in the center!). The supermarket is only a 100m. away, and a park only 2 minutes walking. And the best of it: only 15 minutes to the inner city center!","From the airport you'll take the train for 10 minutes, and then the tram for another 10 minutes. The tram stops right at the door (well... 20 meters further actually). The same tram takes you to the Jordaan, Dam square, Museum square, Leidseplein, etc. and all within 15 minutes. Perfect bike distance, so get a bike and peddle around! Night bus also stops in the vicinity, so if you don't feel comfortable biking after a beer or two, just take public transport. Upon arrival (or whenever needed) I'll explain all the best routes to and from the center or other places.",No rules... just behave :)
