"Spacious and bright apartment with sunny south-facing balcony ideal for a family with 2 children or people visiting the RAI. The apartment is renovated and located very close to Rai, Amstel River and just 10 min walking from the Pijp.","The apartment was fully renovated in 2013 and is located on the 3rd floor. We offer the apartment with all its furniture and facilities. There are two large bedrooms, a large living room, a large living kitchen which is very well ecquiped and kosher.  Bedroom I: double bed (180x200cm) Bedroom II: bunkbed with a slide:>) and a toilet adjacent There is a bathroom with sink, bath and shower and a  washing and drying unit.  In the apartment are 2 separate toilets. The kitchen is fully equipped with a 5 pits stove + large oven, a cooker, fridge & freezer, dishwasher, microwave and kitchenware.   The livingroom contains a large dinner table where 8 persons can have dinner. There is a 40 inch flatscreen TV (not shown on the pictures), including DVD and Video player. There is fast internet/wifi available. And for Dutch and English readers lots and lots of books. Towels and bed linnen are included.","Spacious and bright apartment with sunny south-facing balcony ideal for a family with 2 children or people visiting the RAI. The apartment is renovated and located very close to Rai, Amstel River and just 10 min walking from the Pijp. The apartment was fully renovated in 2013 and is located on the 3rd floor. We offer the apartment with all its furniture and facilities. There are two large bedrooms, a large living room, a large living kitchen which is very well ecquiped and kosher.  Bedroom I: double bed (180x200cm) Bedroom II: bunkbed with a slide:>) and a toilet adjacent There is a bathroom with sink, bath and shower and a  washing and drying unit.  In the apartment are 2 separate toilets. The kitchen is fully equipped with a 5 pits stove + large oven, a cooker, fridge & freezer, dishwasher, microwave and kitchenware.   The livingroom contains a large dinner table where 8 persons can have dinner. There is a 40 inch flatscreen TV (not shown on the pictures), including DVD and Video pla","* Neighborhood *  - The apartment is situated in a quiet area of amsterdam  - Paid parking is possible in the neighbourhood. - AMSTERDAM RAI is only 10 min walking.  - Schiphol Airport is 20 min by Taxi. (approx. 35 EUR.)  - Amstel Train/Tram/Bus Station is 5 min walking  - Amstel River is 2 min walking  - Albert Cuyp Market is 10 min walking  - de Pijp, one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant disctricts of Amsterdam, is full with fantastic cafés, restaurants, coffee shops and bars and is 10 min walking.  - Rijnstraat and Scheldestraat are just around the corner, this is where you find various restaurants and shops",For the real Amsterdam experience you need a bike...... you can rent one just around the corner from our house and we are happy to reserve them for you before you arrive. (URL HIDDEN) * Train Station *  Amstel Train station is only 5 min walking. From there you can go for example to the following train stations:  Rotterdam Central = approx 1 hour  The Hague Central = approx 1 hour  Utrecht Central = approx 20 min  Arnhem Central = approx 1 hour  Schiphol Airport = approx 25 min,*NO smoking in our house.....  *We expect our guests to leave the house in the same state as in which they arrived. *We expect our guests to be respectful towards our personal possessions. *We expect our guests to be respectful towards our neighbors.
