"This four room apartment, decorated with vintage design, is located in one of the best parts of Amsterdam. It is very light and bears a romantic balcony. A stone's throw away from everything you want to see, eat and drink. Enjoy your stay!","The luxurious apartment has four rooms. A dining room, that connects to the balcony. A living room, where you can relax after a long day. A reading room, if you want to tell friends that you have actually read a book on holiday. And a bedroom with a huge bed. The bathroom is small, but comfortable and has a bath.    ","This four room apartment, decorated with vintage design, is located in one of the best parts of Amsterdam. It is very light and bears a romantic balcony. A stone's throw away from everything you want to see, eat and drink. Enjoy your stay! The luxurious apartment has four rooms. A dining room, that connects to the balcony. A living room, where you can relax after a long day. A reading room, if you want to tell friends that you have actually read a book on holiday. And a bedroom with a huge bed. The bathroom is small, but comfortable and has a bath.     You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. The South is one of the best parts of Amsterdam. Close to the good life: the best restaurants, great bars, lovely parks. Peaceful, pleasant ","The South is one of the best parts of Amsterdam. Close to the good life: the best restaurants, great bars, lovely parks. Peaceful, pleasant and green. And well connected: public transport will bring you to the popular museums, canals and other attractions within 10 to 15 minutes. ","From Schiphol, you can take the train to Amsterdam Rai (10/15 minutes). And then the tram or bus to the apartment. (5/10 minutes). Distance from apartment, by tram, to the canals (Anne Frank House), Museum District, Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein: 10/15 minutes. ","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment!"
