"This private apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is newly renovated and clean. There is a comfortable and large living room with Amstel view, spacious and fully equiped kitchen, 2 bedrooms - both with a double bed and bathroom.","This private apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is newly renovated and clean. There is a comfortable and large living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms (both with a double bed) and bathroom. This private apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is newly renovated and clean. There is a comfortable and large living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms (both with a double bed) and bathroom. This sunny and spacious apartment is newly renovated, clean, tidy and entire private. The  apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center.  The apartment has a comfortable and large living space, kitchen, 2 bedrooms (both with a double bed), bathroom (with toilet) including a bath and shower solarium, separate toilet and two sunny balconies at front and backside of the apartment. The kitchen is fully equipped: gas furnace, oven, dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine etc.  The apartment is non-smoking","This private apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is newly renovated and clean. There is a comfortable and large living room with Amstel view, spacious and fully equiped kitchen, 2 bedrooms - both with a double bed and bathroom. This private apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is newly renovated and clean. There is a comfortable and large living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms (both with a double bed) and bathroom. This private apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is newly renovated and clean. There is a comfortable and large living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms (both with a double bed) and bathroom. This sunny and spacious apartment is newly renovated, clean, tidy and entire private. The  apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center.  The apartment has a comfortable and large living space, kitchen, 2 bedrooms (both with","The  apartment is located directly at the Amstel River, near the city center. The apartment is conveniently located to explore the entire city. Train station ""Amsterdam Amstel"" is within walking distance. From this station you take several trains/bus/metro/tram.  Neighborhood “De Pijp” is just around the corner. In this neighborhood you can find the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market, the Sarphati Park and many nice restaurants, bars and shops. There are several supermarkets around the corner. The connection to Schiphol Airport is approximately 30 minutes.",The apartment is within walking distance of station ‘Amsterdam Amstel’. From this station you take the train/bus/metro/tram to explore the city of Amsterdam. From this station you can also take public transportation train/metro to the airport.,The apartment is non-smoking and pets are not allowed.
