"A perfect place to stay to explore Amsterdam! Located in a hip and popular area (Schinkelbuurt) you are surrounded by nice cafés, lunchrooms and restaurants and in walking distance of the Vondelpark. Ideal for a couple or a family with max. two kids.","Complete and light apartment for 2 (+ 2 max. children) persons in the Schinkelbuurt in Amsterdam South. You are in walking distance of the famous Vondelpark and you have a direct tram connection to the City Center, Museum Area Leidse Square and the Central Station 50 meters from the apartment. Musuem area and Leidse Square are also reachable by bike in less than ten minutes. The apartment is clean, spacious and has a balcony at the front and back side. The apartment is located in a quiet and peaceful street but cafés, restaurants and bars are around the corner.  There is 1 seperate bedroom with a King size bed for 2 persons and a small extra bedroom with a sofa(bed) for two children or one adult.  The apartment is best for 2 persons (couple), or a familiy with max. 2 kids.  ","A perfect place to stay to explore Amsterdam! Located in a hip and popular area (Schinkelbuurt) you are surrounded by nice cafés, lunchrooms and restaurants and in walking distance of the Vondelpark. Ideal for a couple or a family with max. two kids. Complete and light apartment for 2 (+ 2 max. children) persons in the Schinkelbuurt in Amsterdam South. You are in walking distance of the famous Vondelpark and you have a direct tram connection to the City Center, Museum Area Leidse Square and the Central Station 50 meters from the apartment. Musuem area and Leidse Square are also reachable by bike in less than ten minutes. The apartment is clean, spacious and has a balcony at the front and back side. The apartment is located in a quiet and peaceful street but cafés, restaurants and bars are around the corner.  There is 1 seperate bedroom with a King size bed for 2 persons and a small extra bedroom with a sofa(bed) for two children or one adult.  The apartment is best for 2 persons (coupl","The Schinkelbuurt neighbourhood is a relaxed neighbourhood with a great atmosphere lying  next to the Vondelpark in Amsterdam South. Their are multiple cafés, lunchrooms, restaurants and bars around the corner. Also a supermarket and several ATM's are nearby. In 10 minutes you walk to the famous Vondelpark where you can relax, enjoy a picknick, run, roller blade or just enjoy the atmosphere. If you have kids, the park hosts several playground sites where families gather.  ","Just 50 meters away you find a direct tram connection (line 2) to the museum area, leidse square, the city center and the central station.  The apartment is easily reachable from the main roads and there is a special parking zone  for only 2 cents an hour 100 meters from the house! Schiphol airport is about 15 min drive.  ",
