"Comfortable apartment close to the Vondelpark. We have a completely renovated kitchen and bathroom alongside a spacious living room. There are two balconies and a canal view from the living room. There is a bicycle rent around the corner so you can cycle to the center in 10 minutes. Also, it is very easy to get around with public transport from and to our home. We are there to make you feel welcome and to tell you about the best places to go. We are happy to welcome you :). Mark & Claudia","Spacious apartment with a recently renovated bathroom and toilet. There are large windows on both sides of the apartment, including 2 balconies. The view is either over a nice garden or the canal, as you wish :). There are 2 beautiful parks nearby, including the Vondelpark. The centre is only a 8-minute bikeride or 10 minutes by tram or bus.","Comfortable apartment close to the Vondelpark. We have a completely renovated kitchen and bathroom alongside a spacious living room. There are two balconies and a canal view from the living room. There is a bicycle rent around the corner so you can cycle to the center in 10 minutes. Also, it is very easy to get around with public transport from and to our home. We are there to make you feel welcome and to tell you about the best places to go. We are happy to welcome you :). Mark & Claudia Spacious apartment with a recently renovated bathroom and toilet. There are large windows on both sides of the apartment, including 2 balconies. The view is either over a nice garden or the canal, as you wish :). There are 2 beautiful parks nearby, including the Vondelpark. The centre is only a 8-minute bikeride or 10 minutes by tram or bus. You have acces to all places in the house, except for our bedroom. My house in your house :) We are there to help you when needed Very nice, real Amsterdam neighb","Very nice, real Amsterdam neighboorhood. It is quiet, but you can find the more touristy place and a lot of very nice bars/restaurants around the corner.","Next to a tram stop, 20 minutes by public transport from the airport or the central train station. By public transport you are in the centre in 10 minutes, but we (as real Dutch people) of course recommend to go by bike.",
