"A luxurious and cosy apartment which will feel like home! This house is ideal for couples (with a small child). The fully equipped kitchen has all the comfort needed. There's also a nice balcony for relaxing after a long day sightseeing Amsterdam!  Our apartment is in a neighborhood with a large variety restaurants, shops, bars, clubs and two big city parks. Trams and buses stop around the corner to take you to all the touristic hotspots of Amsterdam.","Our apartment is situated in a neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, shops, bars en clubs, but also near two big city parks. Trams and buses stop around the corner to take you to all the touristic hotspots of Amsterdam. A luxurious and cosy apartment which will feel like home!","A luxurious and cosy apartment which will feel like home! This house is ideal for couples (with a small child). The fully equipped kitchen has all the comfort needed. There's also a nice balcony for relaxing after a long day sightseeing Amsterdam!  Our apartment is in a neighborhood with a large variety restaurants, shops, bars, clubs and two big city parks. Trams and buses stop around the corner to take you to all the touristic hotspots of Amsterdam. Our apartment is situated in a neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, shops, bars en clubs, but also near two big city parks. Trams and buses stop around the corner to take you to all the touristic hotspots of Amsterdam. A luxurious and cosy apartment which will feel like home! You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Everything that's not behind locked doors ;-) Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if","Dappermarkt is one of the country’s oldest - and best - outdoor markets. It forms the multicultural heart of the neighbourhood along with such major arteries as Javastraat, which once only provided every manner of global grocery but is now beginning to feature more upscale cafes and terraces. One of the city’s largest general hospitals, OLVG, is also located here. Two stellar city parks, Oosterpark and Flevopark, provide quick escape from the relatively busy streets. Besides many cheap ethnic eateries and supermarkets, the area is attracting much more higher-end cafes and restaurants who are often re-inventing many of the area’s industrial monuments. On sunny days, the parks and terraces are filled with nice people.",The closest public transportation stop is bus 22 right in front of the door.,
