"We have a unique house in Amsterdam. It is very bright and colorful. Near the biggest parc of Amsterdam, 5 minutes walk to supermarket, bicycle rental and the tram who will bring you in 10 minutes to the centre of Amsterdam. The garden is very big!","Great house for a large family. Downstairs there is the living room with fire place, TV/DVD/Netflix and open kitchen. You can easily eat with 10 people at the dining table. The winter garden gives direct acces to the large garden with a bbq and childfriendly playground. On the first floor there is the master bedroom with kingsize bed a luxury bathroom with toilet, bath and separate shower. The first children's bedroom with a nice treehouse bed is also on this floor (you can easily put an extra bed here). On the 2nd floor there are 2 extra bedrooms both with a double bed. On this floor you will find another bathroom with shower, toilet, washing machine and dryer. We have two cats, you have to take care of them. But they are lovely.","We have a unique house in Amsterdam. It is very bright and colorful. Near the biggest parc of Amsterdam, 5 minutes walk to supermarket, bicycle rental and the tram who will bring you in 10 minutes to the centre of Amsterdam. The garden is very big! Great house for a large family. Downstairs there is the living room with fire place, TV/DVD/Netflix and open kitchen. You can easily eat with 10 people at the dining table. The winter garden gives direct acces to the large garden with a bbq and childfriendly playground. On the first floor there is the master bedroom with kingsize bed a luxury bathroom with toilet, bath and separate shower. The first children's bedroom with a nice treehouse bed is also on this floor (you can easily put an extra bed here). On the 2nd floor there are 2 extra bedrooms both with a double bed. On this floor you will find another bathroom with shower, toilet, washing machine and dryer. We have two cats, you have to take care of them. But they are lovely. You can us","Located next to a parc with a large playground and small farm for kids. It's an tranquil street where a lot of children play on the steps. Within walking distance there are really nice pubs, restaurants and shops. A 10 minute walk away you will find 'De Hallen' there are indoor restaurants and a cinema, very charming and trendy in an industrial look and feel. In the parc you will find a swimmingpool (indoor and outdoor).",Public transportation to the centre and central station around the corner. To the city centre it takes 10 minutes. It's 5 minutes drive to the high way. Around 15 min to Schiphol Airport. You can rent bikes around the corner. There is a lot of space to park your car in the street where we live. (you have to pay parking fee),"There are not that many rules. Just take good care of our house and cats like if it is your own. It is a non smoking house and we have a new couch/sofa, so please don't eat or drink on it."
