"Next to Tram 4 or Metro - direct 15min connection to RAI. Appartment in the centre of Amsterdam, is completely renovated and the perfect place to stay for two colleagues or couple that are visiting the ICB 2017. The apartment lies in between the famous skinny bridge at the Amstel, and the Utrechtse straat. There is an extra bedroom in the basement.","The apartment offers the perfect modern feel at home place to stay. There is a large bedroom with king size bed, and with doors that open to the terrace. There is another double bed in the basement (no door towards kitchen) so I would allow a total of three persons. If you would prefer two separate beds, that is possible. The apartment offers an open kitchen with cooking island, a diner table and a huge couch to relax and watch movies on the large tv.  The apartment is perfectly located in the centre of Amsterdam. Please note that it has changed (to its benefit) from the pictures. It is much more decorated, as we really live here and only rent it out very occasionally if we are on a holiday ourselves.","Next to Tram 4 or Metro - direct 15min connection to RAI. Appartment in the centre of Amsterdam, is completely renovated and the perfect place to stay for two colleagues or couple that are visiting the ICB 2017. The apartment lies in between the famous skinny bridge at the Amstel, and the Utrechtse straat. There is an extra bedroom in the basement. The apartment offers the perfect modern feel at home place to stay. There is a large bedroom with king size bed, and with doors that open to the terrace. There is another double bed in the basement (no door towards kitchen) so I would allow a total of three persons. If you would prefer two separate beds, that is possible. The apartment offers an open kitchen with cooking island, a diner table and a huge couch to relax and watch movies on the large tv.  The apartment is perfectly located in the centre of Amsterdam. Please note that it has changed (to its benefit) from the pictures. It is much more decorated, as we really live here and only re","The apartment is perfectly located in the centre of Amsterdam next to the Amstel and lies within walking distance of:  - RAI: 15min by Tram 4 or Metro. Both around the corner (200m walking) -Shopping streets ""De Utrechtse Straat” (1min), “De Kalverstraat” (10min) -Supermarkets (1min) -The Hermitage (3min)  -Amstel Hotel (3min) -The Rembrandtplein (5min) -Dam square (10min)  -Leidse square (15min) -The Rijksmuseum (15min) -The Stedelijk museum (20min)","The Central Train Station is within 20min walking distance, or 1min walking from tram 4 (10min from CS), or 5min walking from the metro (Waterloo plein) (5min from CS). A taxi (5min) from the Central Station to the apartment will cost approx.EUR7.","I will only recieve nice and decent guests that treat the apartment with respect. Inside the apartment smoking is not allowed, nor are animals. It is not allowed to invite guests without permission."
