"Luxurous apartment in the most beautiful part of Amsterdam ""de Jordaan"". Tranquility right in the city centre .","Dear guest, Thank you for your interest to stay in my apartment! The apartment:  Is a groundfloor apartment (no stairs) of about 200 m2.  There are 2 bedrooms with double beds, 2 livingrooms, 1 with view on the canal the other with view on and opening doors to the backyard,  with a couch and a dining area. The kitchen is open. There is one bathroom and an extra separate toilet. One of the bedrooms also has a bath tub. The apartment has a nice back yard. It's a private apartment with no roommates. Extra:  *Towels and bedlinnen are included  *Check in and check out times are flexible  *You can use the wasmachine  *Wifi is available The location of the apartment:  It is situated on the ""Bloemgracht"", one of the most beautiful canals in the ""Jordaan"" near the Anne Frank house. The Jordaan is a very popular  area among locals as well as tourists. Very lively but also quiet. It located right in the heart of the city and is  famous for its art galleries, a great variety of small shops, many b","Luxurous apartment in the most beautiful part of Amsterdam ""de Jordaan"". Tranquility right in the city centre . Dear guest, Thank you for your interest to stay in my apartment! The apartment:  Is a groundfloor apartment (no stairs) of about 200 m2.  There are 2 bedrooms with double beds, 2 livingrooms, 1 with view on the canal the other with view on and opening doors to the backyard,  with a couch and a dining area. The kitchen is open. There is one bathroom and an extra separate toilet. One of the bedrooms also has a bath tub. The apartment has a nice back yard. It's a private apartment with no roommates. Extra:  *Towels and bedlinnen are included  *Check in and check out times are flexible  *You can use the wasmachine  *Wifi is available The location of the apartment:  It is situated on the ""Bloemgracht"", one of the most beautiful canals in the ""Jordaan"" near the Anne Frank house. The Jordaan is a very popular  area among locals as well as tourists. Very lively but also quiet. It loc","The ""Bloemgracht"" is one of the most wanted and beautiful canals in Amsterdam right in the middle of ""de Jordaan"" in the city centre of Amsterdam. The Jordaan area is famous for its beauty, its many restaurants, bars, art galleries and (boutique) shops.",All public transportation is very short walking distance.,We expect guests to treat our apartment as there own house. The apartment is non-smoking.
