"What I love about the apartment is its unique location. Its a very quiet and calm place while being minutes away from the city buzz and best places e.g. 9 streets, Noordermarkt and Dam square. The apartment offers all the essentials for every modern age traveller and accommodates 3 comfortably. I always ensure the apartment is available spotless clean and try to facilitate flexible check-out hours.","Although it has the looks as if it is an Historical building, it was build in 2009. It therefore looks great and offers all the benefits of modern equipment. The 38m2 studio Apartment is located in one of the oldest parts of Amsterdam (Jordaan District). With only a 2 min. walk to the Anne Frank museum, it goes without saying that it is located ideally to straw down the 9-streets and visit the markets in the Jordaan area. Access to public transport is around the corner. public transport from the central train station takes max. up to 8 minutes (3 stops).  The apartment itself includes:  -wi-fi  - nespresso machine-  - satellite tv (dvd player)  - all kitchen utensils  - i-pod boxes  - stove  - oven  - fridge/freezer  - hairdryer  - wash/drying machines  - clothing storage  The apartment includes a double bed and a 2-pers. sofa couch. in theory there is room for 4 people, I would suggest that is a bit crowded in the 38m2. 2-3 persons is perfect.","What I love about the apartment is its unique location. Its a very quiet and calm place while being minutes away from the city buzz and best places e.g. 9 streets, Noordermarkt and Dam square. The apartment offers all the essentials for every modern age traveller and accommodates 3 comfortably. I always ensure the apartment is available spotless clean and try to facilitate flexible check-out hours. Although it has the looks as if it is an Historical building, it was build in 2009. It therefore looks great and offers all the benefits of modern equipment. The 38m2 studio Apartment is located in one of the oldest parts of Amsterdam (Jordaan District). With only a 2 min. walk to the Anne Frank museum, it goes without saying that it is located ideally to straw down the 9-streets and visit the markets in the Jordaan area. Access to public transport is around the corner. public transport from the central train station takes max. up to 8 minutes (3 stops).  The apartment itself includes:  -wi-",,"Hi Guests, Here is a note to guide you through the essentials in and around the apartment. First of all there are some house rules; -It’s a non-smoking apartment -Any costs excessive of regular cleaning costs, which are caused as a result of the stay, will be charged on the tenants’ expense.  Please just be tidy and leave the apartment in the same condition as you entered it. No additional expenses will be charged.  -Mind the neighbors; no partying, no loud music etc.  - please mind not to put any glasses on the window sill - it stains on the marble and be careful with the stains on the couch - it stains easily.  Television - Switch on the TV itself ~(you see the red light burning). After which use the remote control to start up the ‘BOX’ by pressing button [BOX] on the top-right corner. Hold the button [TV] for a few seconds until you TV goes on. Now finally press the button between [TV] and [BOX] to get to the right HMDI channel, which should be HDMI1. Now you can scroll up and down ",I am pretty easy going. The only thing I expect from renters in that they care for the apartment as they would do for their own property.
