"A spacious (145 m2) and light 3 bedroom apartment in (family) friendly neighboorhood with a beautifull view on the Rembrandt park and only 10 minutes from the citycentre by tram or bike. Easy parking, next to bike rent, restaurants & supermarket. We have a Fiat 500 which you can rent for 15,00 for half a day to go to beach. Lots of tips about Amsterdam for free!","It is a spacious and light appartment on the 3rd, 4th and 5th floor, with beautiful view on a peacefull park and a canal. The living room on the 3rd floor, with open kitchen has got sun in the morning and in the late afternoon. There is a balcony next to the diningroom/open kitchen.  The bathroom is spacious (15 m2) and has a bath, lavatory and seperate shower.  There are three bedrooms, two of them on the 4th floor and one on the 5th floor (big attic). The masterbedroom has a very comfortable Auping doublebed. The childrens room has two beds with very comfortable pocketspring mattresses, and also has a small sink. The cosy attic on the top floor (20m2 with a high ceiling and a big window with a beautiful view on the top of a huge old tree) has a french bed for two persons and another single bed. Shops and cafe's with terraces are around the corner and the museums are 10 minutes by bike, or a 25 minute walk through the parks. Trams and buses are only 100 meter from our house and will t","A spacious (145 m2) and light 3 bedroom apartment in (family) friendly neighboorhood with a beautifull view on the Rembrandt park and only 10 minutes from the citycentre by tram or bike. Easy parking, next to bike rent, restaurants & supermarket. We have a Fiat 500 which you can rent for 15,00 for half a day to go to beach. Lots of tips about Amsterdam for free! It is a spacious and light appartment on the 3rd, 4th and 5th floor, with beautiful view on a peacefull park and a canal. The living room on the 3rd floor, with open kitchen has got sun in the morning and in the late afternoon. There is a balcony next to the diningroom/open kitchen.  The bathroom is spacious (15 m2) and has a bath, lavatory and seperate shower.  There are three bedrooms, two of them on the 4th floor and one on the 5th floor (big attic). The masterbedroom has a very comfortable Auping doublebed. The childrens room has two beds with very comfortable pocketspring mattresses, and also has a small sink. The cosy att","The Rembrandt park is close to the famous Vondelpark. It is at least as big and more peaceful. There are grocerie shops, nice restaurants and bars around the corner of the apartment.   The city centre is very close: The Leidsplein is 10 minutes by bike or tram. Museumplein is 10 minutes by tram or bike or a lovely 20 minutes walk through the Rembrandt and Vondelpark! There is a direct tram to Central Station and very easy acces to Schiphol airport in approximately 20 minutes. It is very easy parking your car in front of the house. Parking rates are 21,50 per day. Bike rental possibility is only 2 minutes walk from our house.","The city centre is very close: The Leidsplein is 10 minutes by bike or tram number 1. Museumplein is 10 minutes by tram or bike or a lovely 20 minutes walk through the Rembrandt and Vondelpark!  There is a direct tram (number 17) to and from Central Station and very easy acces to Schiphol airport in approximately 20 minutes. It is very easy parking your car in front of the house. Parking rates are 21,50 per day. Bike rental possibility is only 5 minutes walk from our house.",The house is situated in a quiet an peacefull area. Therefore we have some rules: No party's are allowed. Non smoking. Not suitable for big groups of youth.
