"Best location in town. Ideal for couples, business travellers et cetera. In the middle of Amsterdam (really close to everything you could wish for) and still in a relatively quiet spot. The real citybuzz is around the corner and less in front :-)","Many canalhouses are facing just one canal. This one is facing two. One canal in the front and one at the side. Situated at what is called ""Little Venice"" this light and bright appartment with many windows offers all comfort you'll search for in Amsterdam.  Because the appartment is situated in a bend of the canal, you'll experience an extraordinary view that oversees 5 bridges and over 750 metres (0,5 miles). But above all, the apartment is situated as central as you can be in the city with the famous 9 streets on the corner, the famous 9 bridges in 1 minutes walk and the well known shoppingstreets 'Kalverstraat' and 'Leidschestraat' on the other corner. There are many, many, really many... cozy restaurants, bars, boutiques/shops, nightlfe places and so on in this area. Everything is in walking distance. Near to lines 2, 11 and 12 (1 minute) and lines 4, 14 and 24 and metrostation Rokin (3 minutes) metrostations Nieuwmarkt and Waterlooplein (15 minutes) and Central Station (20-25 minu","Best location in town. Ideal for couples, business travellers et cetera. In the middle of Amsterdam (really close to everything you could wish for) and still in a relatively quiet spot. The real citybuzz is around the corner and less in front :-) Many canalhouses are facing just one canal. This one is facing two. One canal in the front and one at the side. Situated at what is called ""Little Venice"" this light and bright appartment with many windows offers all comfort you'll search for in Amsterdam.  Because the appartment is situated in a bend of the canal, you'll experience an extraordinary view that oversees 5 bridges and over 750 metres (0,5 miles). But above all, the apartment is situated as central as you can be in the city with the famous 9 streets on the corner, the famous 9 bridges in 1 minutes walk and the well known shoppingstreets 'Kalverstraat' and 'Leidschestraat' on the other corner. There are many, many, really many... cozy restaurants, bars, boutiques/shops, nightlfe pl","The famous 9 streets are around the corner. The apartment is situated in the middle of the vibrant center of Amsterdam but yet relative quiet. Many (/all) cosy restaurants, pubs, clubs, boutiques, must see things on walking distance.","More than enough public transport very nearby. A transfer to/from the airport by taxicab is around 40€, but can easily be done by train and tram as well. Almost as fast (30 minutes) and a lot less expensive. Parking in the center of Amsterdam is quite expensive (5€ an hour), but there's a good alternative; drop off your luggage and park just outside the center (P+R Parking Zuiderzeeweg) for €8 a day and max 5 tickets for public transport to the center are included.","Because it's a residential building, please take my neighbours into account and don't be too loud or make a mess of the shared entrance, elevator and stairs. No loud music please. It's an old building and the sounds (especially the basses) are can be heard (and felt) in the entire building. The apartment has wooden floors, so please take off high heels. Sneakers and 'normal' shoes are OK to wear :-) House has 1 bedroom with a double bed, but there's a sofabed in the livingroom and an aerobed can be placed for 2 (or if needed even 3 or 4) extra guests.  There's also an babybed available that can be placed in the bedroom if needed/requested. Some kids toys are available and if needed, I can also try to borrow a baby buggy (if my sister doesn't need it). Please do not smoke inside.  And please treat the house and my property as if it were your own. I'm sure you will :-)"
