"Light, spacious and beautiful apartment that has a sunny balcony. Perfect for your morning coffee! This apartment has it all: beautiful, luxurious kitchen with all amenities, clean bathroom, two big bedrooms with the best, comfortable double beds and last but not least: a balcony facing south, which basically means: sun all day long! It's the perfect place for your city getaway, you can relax here after a long day of exploring and enjoying the city. Please make yourself at home and be welcome!","This apartment is my home and I take care of it very well. I love it because of many reasons: the sunny balcony, the well equipped kitchen, clean bathroom and two big bedrooms with the best, comfortable double beds.","Light, spacious and beautiful apartment that has a sunny balcony. Perfect for your morning coffee! This apartment has it all: beautiful, luxurious kitchen with all amenities, clean bathroom, two big bedrooms with the best, comfortable double beds and last but not least: a balcony facing south, which basically means: sun all day long! It's the perfect place for your city getaway, you can relax here after a long day of exploring and enjoying the city. Please make yourself at home and be welcome! This apartment is my home and I take care of it very well. I love it because of many reasons: the sunny balcony, the well equipped kitchen, clean bathroom and two big bedrooms with the best, comfortable double beds. You will have the house to yourself. If I'm not able to welcome you myself I will make sure someone will be there to welcome you, show you around and answer all your questions. On 1 minute walking there is the Bos en Lommerweg, which includes the market, many shops (including an organ","On 1 minute walking there is the Bos en Lommerweg, which includes the market, many shops (including an organic shop and a convenience store), several restaurants, coffee shops, including a Bagels & Beans and culturalpodium Mosaic. The property is located on the second floor, the living room with bay window at the front of the property and in the side room is the modern kitchen with all the kitchen appliances you need. At the rear of the house is one big bedroom. The master bedroom has a door to the balcony. Which lies on the southwest and overlooks beautiful gardens. Nice quiet! The second bedroom is next to the bedroom. In the hall is the bathroom with shower, sink and washing machine. Opposite the bathroom is the spacious separate toilet.",By bike you are within 10 minutes in the city centre. You can rent a bike 5 minutes walk from the apartment.  Public transport is just around the corner on the Bos en Lommerweg and the nearby Admiraal de Ruyterweg. This is only 20 minutes to the centre.. By car you are within 3 minutes on the highway. On 10 minutes walking distance from the apartment there is a special parking lot (P+R) where you can park your car for 1/4 the normal price.,
