Our spacious home is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam.,"We are renting our split level apartment of 160 square meters. The apartment is located in the city centre of Amsterdam, only 3 minutes walk to the famous Jordaan en 10 minutes to Museum square with it's famous Museums en 8 minutes walk to Leidse square with it's bars and restaurants. You can rent bikes around the corner. The apartment is on the ground floor, souterrain And first floor. We have 3 separate bedrooms, 1 play room, living room. There are 2 bathrooms with a shower and a bath. U can use our kitchen, washing machine and dryer. We provide clean towels and sheets. It's a big spacious apartment with lot's of light because of the big window in front. The apartment is about 160 square meters. There is wireless Internet. In front of the house there is a big cosy play yard.","Our spacious home is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods of Amsterdam. We are renting our split level apartment of 160 square meters. The apartment is located in the city centre of Amsterdam, only 3 minutes walk to the famous Jordaan en 10 minutes to Museum square with it's famous Museums en 8 minutes walk to Leidse square with it's bars and restaurants. You can rent bikes around the corner. The apartment is on the ground floor, souterrain And first floor. We have 3 separate bedrooms, 1 play room, living room. There are 2 bathrooms with a shower and a bath. U can use our kitchen, washing machine and dryer. We provide clean towels and sheets. It's a big spacious apartment with lot's of light because of the big window in front. The apartment is about 160 square meters. There is wireless Internet. In front of the house there is a big cosy play yard. I can only rent the place because I'm on holiday so unfortunately No face to face meetings :) Lots of trams ! Keep in mind That our ho",,Lots of trams !,"No smoking allowed in our house, because we have a little child. Outside there is a bench were you can sit and smoke and have a great evening. An extra couple or person has to sleep on an air bed. We prefer to not have pets in the house.  We do have 2 separate bedrooms. We are really easy, so if you have any questions feel free to contact me. Hope to welcome you in our amazing apartment and neighborhood ! Kim and Alexander"
