"Want to experience our city like a local? Welcome to our great, spacious 2-bedroom apartment in the most upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam, located near the lively Old West and close to the trendy Westergasfabriek cultural park (with clubs, café’s, restaurants, a movie theatre, boat rental… you name it).  ","Our super nice apartment has a bright, spacious living room (just renovated!), with a large dining table, sofa’s, TV and everything else you need for a comfortable stay. There’s a separate kitchen with all necessary equipment, two double bedrooms with a comfortable queen size double bed, a clean bathroom with shower, and a sunny balcony.  Public transport to other parts of the city (bus/tram) you will find within 1 minute walking distance, as well as supermarkets, bakeries, shops, beauty salons, drugstores, etc.: it’s all just around the corner. The Amsterdam Sloterdijk railway station, with connections to all major Dutch cities and the airport, can be reached within 5 minutes by tram.   Orientation (by bicycle or public transport):  Jordaan: 10 minutes  Central Station: 15 minutes  Dam Square: 10 minutes  Museum Quarter: 15 minutes  Schiphol Airport: 15 minutes train plus 5 minutes tram ","Want to experience our city like a local? Welcome to our great, spacious 2-bedroom apartment in the most upcoming neighborhood of Amsterdam, located near the lively Old West and close to the trendy Westergasfabriek cultural park (with clubs, café’s, restaurants, a movie theatre, boat rental… you name it).  Our super nice apartment has a bright, spacious living room (just renovated!), with a large dining table, sofa’s, TV and everything else you need for a comfortable stay. There’s a separate kitchen with all necessary equipment, two double bedrooms with a comfortable queen size double bed, a clean bathroom with shower, and a sunny balcony.  Public transport to other parts of the city (bus/tram) you will find within 1 minute walking distance, as well as supermarkets, bakeries, shops, beauty salons, drugstores, etc.: it’s all just around the corner. The Amsterdam Sloterdijk railway station, with connections to all major Dutch cities and the airport, can be reached within 5 minutes by tra",,,
