"Back on airbnb after some years, but still as good as before :) The apartment is on ground level and has a really light and welcoming atmosphere. Fully furnished, a comfortable sleeping room with a 2 persons king size bed, a large living room with a big flatscreen TV, a big bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen. And free WIFI is included. Everything is there to have a comfortable stay in Amsterdam.","The apartment is an appointed City Monument because of it's architecture. It is beautifully located in a bustling part of the city with a daily market, bars and the Oosterpark on a walking distance of just a few minutes. It also has a small garden on the front side, to enjoy the sun!","Back on airbnb after some years, but still as good as before :) The apartment is on ground level and has a really light and welcoming atmosphere. Fully furnished, a comfortable sleeping room with a 2 persons king size bed, a large living room with a big flatscreen TV, a big bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen. And free WIFI is included. Everything is there to have a comfortable stay in Amsterdam. The apartment is an appointed City Monument because of it's architecture. It is beautifully located in a bustling part of the city with a daily market, bars and the Oosterpark on a walking distance of just a few minutes. It also has a small garden on the front side, to enjoy the sun! You will have access to a large living room with a fully equipped kitchen, wifi network, big screen TV, dishwasher, King Size Bed, Shower and Bathtub I will be happy to assist and help where needed. I will check you in to the apartment and give you some useful information about the neighborhood. The neighborhood",The neighborhood has lots of new bars that are very popular and busy throughout the entire week. The  amazing market (Dappermarkt) is on a walking distance and open 6 days a week. The oosterpark is a great place to relax and enjoy the sunny weather or for a nice evening stroll.,"The apartment is located in between several possibilities of public transport, for example buses, trams and train. Tram 9 will take you straight into the center and terminates at Central Station and tram 3 and 7 will take you to the Pijp and the Museumquarter. The train station is a 5 minute walk away and brings you to Central Station in just 7 minutes and to Schiphol Airport in less than 30 minutes.","Make yourself at home, because the place is yours during your stay.. Only smoking is not allowed inside:)"
