"Feel right at home in our lovely 2-floor appartment (100 m2) in De Pijp. Enjoy our roof terrace, filled with herbs and fruit plants, our fully equiped kitchen and light filled bathroom. Step outside and walk around the lively neighbourhood.","The apartment is fully equipped for comfort. The biggest plus, of course, being our big roof terrace, but you can also enjoy the 2nd balcony, massive kitchen & bathtub.","Feel right at home in our lovely 2-floor appartment (100 m2) in De Pijp. Enjoy our roof terrace, filled with herbs and fruit plants, our fully equiped kitchen and light filled bathroom. Step outside and walk around the lively neighbourhood. The apartment is fully equipped for comfort. The biggest plus, of course, being our big roof terrace, but you can also enjoy the 2nd balcony, massive kitchen & bathtub. It's a 5 minute walk to Museum square and all the big museums (Rijks Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh). The city center is another 5 minutes by foot, and public transport is just around the corner.  De Pijp is probably the best neighborhood to enjoy your trip to Amsterdam, with hundreds of bars en restaurants, the famous Albert Cuyp Market, cosy Sarphati Park, theaters, small museums and other hidden secrets.  * Public transport (tram lines 12, 16 & 24) is just around the corner, we are easily reachable via all train stations. * Parking in Amsterdam is a pain in the ass, and very e","It's a 5 minute walk to Museum square and all the big museums (Rijks Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Van Gogh). The city center is another 5 minutes by foot, and public transport is just around the corner.  De Pijp is probably the best neighborhood to enjoy your trip to Amsterdam, with hundreds of bars en restaurants, the famous Albert Cuyp Market, cosy Sarphati Park, theaters, small museums and other hidden secrets. ","* Public transport (tram lines 12, 16 & 24) is just around the corner, we are easily reachable via all train stations. * Parking in Amsterdam is a pain in the ass, and very expensive. There are a few affordable options, but public transport is by far the best option to travel to Amsterdam.","* Our home is smoke free, so no smoking inside. * We know our neighbors well, and respect each others peace and quiet. So no loud music after sundown, nor on the roof terrace."
