,"This spacious (90m2) apartment in Amsterdam Oost is ideal for a city trip, with its central location, good public transport (train station, metro station, tram stops) and light and airy rooms.  The apartment is on the third and fourth floors of an early twentieth century building (no lift!) in typical Amsterdam style.  In addition to the large living room, with french doors opening out onto the balcony and a open view, there is a living room with a large sofa which can easily be made into a comfortable bed, a children's room with a (single) bunk bed and a small bed for my 4 year old daughter, and upstairs a very large bedroom (with double bed) which doubles as a table tennis area.  The comfortable bathroom has a toilet, bath and separate shower. The kitchen is small but has everything it needs.  The apartment is located in a quiet area in Amsterdam Oost, with local shops at easy walking distance (super market, organic store, Amsterdam's most famous bakery 'De Hartog', Turkish food stor","This spacious (90m2) apartment in Amsterdam Oost is ideal for a city trip, with its central location, good public transport (train station, metro station, tram stops) and light and airy rooms.  The apartment is on the third and fourth floors of an early twentieth century building (no lift!) in typical Amsterdam style.  In addition to the large living room, with french doors opening out onto the balcony and a open view, there is a living room with a large sofa which can easily be made into a comfortable bed, a children's room with a (single) bunk bed and a small bed for my 4 year old daughter, and upstairs a very large bedroom (with double bed) which doubles as a table tennis area.  The comfortable bathroom has a toilet, bath and separate shower. The kitchen is small but has everything it needs.  The apartment is located in a quiet area in Amsterdam Oost, with local shops at easy walking distance (super market, organic store, Amsterdam's most famous bakery 'De Hartog', Turkish food stor",,,"I provide sheets, towels and free coffee and tea. Feel free to use whatever is in the fridge and cupboards. What you finish, you simply replace. Rather than creating a long list of rules, I'd like you to consider: You'll be staying in my family home, so please treat it with as much love as you would your own. My oldest daughter is eleven and her toys are there for your children to play with, including drawing materials, puzzles, lego and games.  My youngest is just four years, so her toys are also for your children to play with.  A few unavoidable rules:  No smoking except on the balcony, no pets - our daughter has asthma! The apartment is part of a residential building, so please consider the neighbours - no loud music after ten, and no shouting or loud talking on the staircase, especially at night.  I'd appreciate it (and so would the neighbours) if you would take your (street) shoes off."
