"A lovely house in ""De Pijp"" neighborhood. It has a garden, a spacious living and bathroom with bathtub.","When you enter the firstfloor (which is groundfloor) you can find a fully equipped open kitchen with a large dining table, bar and living room. The kitchen has a fridge, dishwasher, oven, 5 pit stove, nespresso coffee machine and a kettle. You can go grocery shopping at the market or in the nearby supermarket and cook yourself a nice meal if you don't feel like going out. Enjoy a nice breakfast. Thru the kitchen you access the small garden, with play house. Also on this floor there is an extra 'relaxation' room .  Downstairs is another small children's room with bunk bed for 2 kids. Also the master bedroom with kingsized bed and bathroom with shower, toilet, sink and bathtub.  The apartment is suitable for 4 persons.  The house has a master bedroom with a kingsized bed and in the living room there is a Sleeping Sofa for 2 persons (160cm/200cm). The house also has a small bedroom for children. Towels and bed linen are provided.","A lovely house in ""De Pijp"" neighborhood. It has a garden, a spacious living and bathroom with bathtub. When you enter the firstfloor (which is groundfloor) you can find a fully equipped open kitchen with a large dining table, bar and living room. The kitchen has a fridge, dishwasher, oven, 5 pit stove, nespresso coffee machine and a kettle. You can go grocery shopping at the market or in the nearby supermarket and cook yourself a nice meal if you don't feel like going out. Enjoy a nice breakfast. Thru the kitchen you access the small garden, with play house. Also on this floor there is an extra 'relaxation' room .  Downstairs is another small children's room with bunk bed for 2 kids. Also the master bedroom with kingsized bed and bathroom with shower, toilet, sink and bathtub.  The apartment is suitable for 4 persons.  The house has a master bedroom with a kingsized bed and in the living room there is a Sleeping Sofa for 2 persons (160cm/200cm). The house also has a small bedroom for ","This house is located in a quiet street in 'de Pijp', one of the most vibrant and cosy districts of Amsterdam. Just a short tram ride south of Central Station & on the border of the city centre. In the neighborhood of the famous ""Albert Cuyp"" market, Sarphati Park, Utrechtsestraat with lots of nice shops, restaurants and pubs around.","A tram stops at the end of the street, this will take you to city center and central station. There are always parking spaces near the house, but you will have to pay..","You can't smoke inside but there is a garden in which you can sit, relax and have a smoke ;-)"
