"This spacious family home is located in the modern area Ijburg; a quiet and beautiful location, but close to the center of Amsterdam. The large sunny garden,  with 2 terraces by the water, completes the house. ","The spacious house has been tastefully decorated in Scandinavian style and is equipped with all modern conveniences. There is a nice large living room with direct access via a sliding door to the garden which is beautifully situated on the waterfront. The house is perfect for a visit to Amsterdam, away from the busy center, but the same center is also easily accessible. Enjoy a beer or a glass of wine in the sun on the terrace or on the lovely big lounge sofa.  There are four bedrooms: one with double bed and three with a single bed. Furthermore, there are plenty of mattresses. The bathroom is fully equipped; a spacious shower and a bath. On the second floor there is a bathroom with shower and sink. There are two toilets. There is also a garage under the house where a car can be parked. ","This spacious family home is located in the modern area Ijburg; a quiet and beautiful location, but close to the center of Amsterdam. The large sunny garden,  with 2 terraces by the water, completes the house.  The spacious house has been tastefully decorated in Scandinavian style and is equipped with all modern conveniences. There is a nice large living room with direct access via a sliding door to the garden which is beautifully situated on the waterfront. The house is perfect for a visit to Amsterdam, away from the busy center, but the same center is also easily accessible. Enjoy a beer or a glass of wine in the sun on the terrace or on the lovely big lounge sofa.  There are four bedrooms: one with double bed and three with a single bed. Furthermore, there are plenty of mattresses. The bathroom is fully equipped; a spacious shower and a bath. On the second floor there is a bathroom with shower and sink. There are two toilets. There is also a garage under the house where a car can be","Ijburg is a new neighborhood with lots of greenery and water. On the island there is a large shopping center with two large supermarkets, there are many bars and restaurants and there is a very nice, relaxed atmosphere. Near the house, within walking distance, you can find Blijburg; the only city beach in Amsterdam!","There is a direct tram from Amsterdam Central Station with tram 26 (20 minutes, every 6 minutes). Bikes can be taken on the tram. ","Try to keep the house clean, and respect the neighbourhood."
