"Great spacious apartment at the border of the Jordaan. The apartment is recently renovated and perfect for a couple! The location is excellent, the Jordaan is the most picturesque area in Amsterdam! There is 1 bedroom and 1 double bed. Bathroom with shower and toilette.","Great spacious apartment at the border of the Jordaan. The apartment is recently renovated and perfect for a couple! The location is excellent, the Jordaan is the most picturesque area in Amsterdam! There is 1 bedroom and 1 double bed. Bathroom with shower and toilette. There is a big living room with a magnificent open kitchen and a cooking island! Everything is new because of the recent renovation.  From the small french belcony  you can see the lively Hugo de Grootplein. At the back of the apartment you will find a balcony where you can sit together.","Great spacious apartment at the border of the Jordaan. The apartment is recently renovated and perfect for a couple! The location is excellent, the Jordaan is the most picturesque area in Amsterdam! There is 1 bedroom and 1 double bed. Bathroom with shower and toilette. Great spacious apartment at the border of the Jordaan. The apartment is recently renovated and perfect for a couple! The location is excellent, the Jordaan is the most picturesque area in Amsterdam! There is 1 bedroom and 1 double bed. Bathroom with shower and toilette. There is a big living room with a magnificent open kitchen and a cooking island! Everything is new because of the recent renovation.  From the small french belcony  you can see the lively Hugo de Grootplein. At the back of the apartment you will find a balcony where you can sit together. No guests allowed. The location is excellent, the Jordaan is the most picturesque area in Amsterdam! De tram stopt voor de deur.","The location is excellent, the Jordaan is the most picturesque area in Amsterdam!",De tram stopt voor de deur.,-smoking not allowed -animals not allowed -this place is not suited for night owls who want to party IN the apartment
