Our lovely spacious apt. is located in Amsterdam's most beautiful city-centre area; the Plantage. perfect for 4 adults or families with kids.  ,"1500 sqft / 160 m2 apt in Amsterdam centre/plantage. great to stay with 4 adults or families with kids... or a great hotel-alternative for professors and other professionals visiting Amsterdam in connection with the UVA University which is located 60 meters from our front door. The house is great for people who love to cook; we have a large open kitchen with all the equipment you need. There is a small garden/patio on the ground floor and a roof-terrace one flight up. large ground floor with open kitchen 1 BR with 2 single beds 1 master BR with Double-bed 1 Bathroom with shower/full size tub 2 toilets (1 ground fl. and 1 upstairs) washing machine and dryer 30 mb wifi internet small garden/patio roof terrace A hostess, my wife Barbara or me will be present to let guests in the house. In case of unusual late arrival we will make arrangements to get access to the house. We respect our guests privacy but they can always call us or use (Hidden by Airbnb) for questions. Amsterdam centre/plan","Our lovely spacious apt. is located in Amsterdam's most beautiful city-centre area; the Plantage. perfect for 4 adults or families with kids.  1500 sqft / 160 m2 apt in Amsterdam centre/plantage. great to stay with 4 adults or families with kids... or a great hotel-alternative for professors and other professionals visiting Amsterdam in connection with the UVA University which is located 60 meters from our front door. The house is great for people who love to cook; we have a large open kitchen with all the equipment you need. There is a small garden/patio on the ground floor and a roof-terrace one flight up. large ground floor with open kitchen 1 BR with 2 single beds 1 master BR with Double-bed 1 Bathroom with shower/full size tub 2 toilets (1 ground fl. and 1 upstairs) washing machine and dryer 30 mb wifi internet small garden/patio roof terrace A hostess, my wife Barbara or me will be present to let guests in the house. In case of unusual late arrival we will make arrangements to ge","Amsterdam centre/plantage is truly one of the finest neighbourhoods in Amsterdam; it is quiet and yet a stone throw away from Amsterdam's hot-spots like; the Hermitage, Artis Zoo, Carré theatre, Music theatre, the Rembrandt house, Utrechtse straat quarter (with excellent restaurants and lovely bars) etc. Just 2 blocks away from the famous Amstel river; the perfect backdrop for a romantic evening walk during summer nights","subway access at the end of our block for all subway-lines (3 stops from Amsterdam Central station and 2 stops from Amsterdam Amstel train station) Access to tram-lines 7 and 10 taking you in 8 min. to the Leidsche Plein/Vondel park/Museumplein Area's. If you dare... rent a bike, and become a real Amsterdammer!",No smoking. No drugs
