"Just off the hustle and bustle of an area which has changed radically into The hip area in Amsterdam.  Spacious, full of light, quiet with a balcony. 120cm double bed and single bed in the second bedroom (mattress for a 4th person if needed). Buss 22 in front of the Central railway-station takes 12 minutes to get here with a new stop in front of the neighbourhood. Here are some attractions in the area on ""Your little Black Book"" (Website hidden by Airbnb)","Spacious 75m. Separate kitchen, bathroom and toilet, balcony, shared garden. Calm and accessible.","Just off the hustle and bustle of an area which has changed radically into The hip area in Amsterdam.  Spacious, full of light, quiet with a balcony. 120cm double bed and single bed in the second bedroom (mattress for a 4th person if needed). Buss 22 in front of the Central railway-station takes 12 minutes to get here with a new stop in front of the neighbourhood. Here are some attractions in the area on ""Your little Black Book"" (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Spacious 75m. Separate kitchen, bathroom and toilet, balcony, shared garden. Calm and accessible. Everything at home except for the cupboards and clothes. I will not be home, a friend will deliver keys and help with any questions. You will have the whole space for yourself. I am available 24h by sms or phone if needed. Javastraat is regarded The new hotspot in Amsterdam with lots of cafes and restaurants (from top notch to street food). In addition Moroccan grocery stores, bakeries, ice-cream, are very affordable and excellent- 2 min","Javastraat is regarded The new hotspot in Amsterdam with lots of cafes and restaurants (from top notch to street food). In addition Moroccan grocery stores, bakeries, ice-cream, are very affordable and excellent- 2 min by bike. Our home is in a quiet area. Sometimes kids can play late in the basketball field, and that is the main sound you could hear. You can sit on one of the 4 peers any time of the day, sip espresso or bbq. At the same time, this is the capital of one of the central European countries, so all sorts of people roam everywhere. Remember to shut all the windows and lock the doors when you leave.","Bus 22 stops just off the neighbourhood, it takes 10 minutes to the central railway station. Get off on VEEMARKT when you come home. Tram 14 leaves from Javasplein (5min walk from home) and takes you to Rembrandtplein, Spui and Dam in less than 15 minutes. but the absolute best way is to RENT a bike. You can get one for 7.50 euros a day.","No smoking (you can smoke on the balcony), no pets, no parties. You can use all the utensils in the kitchen, use umbrellas and cleaning stuff, but please, the clothes and closets are private. Amsterdam is very humid, Please remember to leave the bathroom door open, and dry the floor when not using it."
