"Fully furnished, 3-bedroom, ground floor family apartment available in a kids friendly neighbourhood in Amsterdam. The apartment is ideal for 3 couples, business travellers & families looking for the Amsterdam experience, without the hustle of the centre.","•Spacious 120 square meters private apartment on ground flour with your own front door •Sunny 100 square meters south facing garden with bbq, relaxing chairs, pick nick table and sandpit •Master bedroom overlooking the garden, furnished with luxury king size electric Auping bed, 180 x 200 cm & linen included •Second bedroom features 2-persons bed, 140x200 cm & linen included •Third bedroom overlooking the garden with bunk bed, 90 x 200 cm & linen included. Kids until 2 years old, stay for free •Bathroom features shower & bath as well as washer & dryer units. Towels included •Design kitchen (next to the garden) is fully furnished, including 5 burner gas stove, fridge, oven, Nespresso machine, stove, microwave, dishes, and kitchenware  •Comfortable dining room table fits 8 for meals and entertainment. •Ensuite living room features LCD tv, with hook-ups for computers, (perfect for movies) and large sofa & chair •Free high-speed Wi-Fi & use of Sonos music system with Spotify •Plenty of toy","Fully furnished, 3-bedroom, ground floor family apartment available in a kids friendly neighbourhood in Amsterdam. The apartment is ideal for 3 couples, business travellers & families looking for the Amsterdam experience, without the hustle of the centre. •Spacious 120 square meters private apartment on ground flour with your own front door •Sunny 100 square meters south facing garden with bbq, relaxing chairs, pick nick table and sandpit •Master bedroom overlooking the garden, furnished with luxury king size electric Auping bed, 180 x 200 cm & linen included •Second bedroom features 2-persons bed, 140x200 cm & linen included •Third bedroom overlooking the garden with bunk bed, 90 x 200 cm & linen included. Kids until 2 years old, stay for free •Bathroom features shower & bath as well as washer & dryer units. Towels included •Design kitchen (next to the garden) is fully furnished, including 5 burner gas stove, fridge, oven, Nespresso machine, stove, microwave, dishes, and kitchenware  ","•Quiet neighbourhood (Watergraafsmeer) with lots of families & kids, yet only 15 minutes from the city centre •Local shopping and dinning located down the street on the Middenweg (restaurant De Kas or Merkelbach (up market) or restaurants La Vallade, 1900 or Polder (easygoing) •The Artis Zoo, a daily market - ""Dappermarkt"" - and the Tropical Museum are 10 minutes away.  •Supermarket, deli shops and local stores just around the corner •Many green areas in the neighbourhood, like Oosterpark, Frankendael Park & Flevopark (with public swimming pool) makes it a perfect place to be still in Amsterdam but far from the hectic, touristic rush. •Ice-skating just around the corner ","•Access to and from Schiphol in 15 minutes by taxi or in 45 minutes by public transport (Website hidden by Airbnb)  •Access to and from Amsterdam CS and all major entertainment districts Waterlooplein, Artis Zoo, Rembrandt Square, Hermitage and The Dam in 15 minutes by tram 9 (100 m from our house) (Website hidden by Airbnb)  •Access to major highway arteries A10 to all cities, Den Haag, Utrecht and Haarlem •RAI convention center is 10 minutes by bus  •Amstel station is 5 minutes by bus  •Access to Amsterdam WTC / South Exchange 15 minutes by bus","Check in from 15:00, but you can bring your luggage before. Check out before 12:00, but you can leave your luggage and pick it up later.  We trust you to respect the people living in this area by keeping the sound level appropriate and to treat our house and everything therein according to the purpose it is designed for. The Security Deposit is € 250,-."
