"Spacious app 85 m2 n, walking distance vondelpark in old south am. A white woolen carpet + big plants make it a cosy home. A sleeping room on the topfloor (bed 1,60 wide) and another room with two matrasses both for single of partner to be arranged.","Spacious appartement of 85 m2. on two floors, two sleeping rooms, living room, kitchen and bathroom with small bath top.  Much light and a nice balcony. The house is an old traditional dutch building and has a rustic flair.","Spacious app 85 m2 n, walking distance vondelpark in old south am. A white woolen carpet + big plants make it a cosy home. A sleeping room on the topfloor (bed 1,60 wide) and another room with two matrasses both for single of partner to be arranged. Spacious appartement of 85 m2. on two floors, two sleeping rooms, living room, kitchen and bathroom with small bath top.  Much light and a nice balcony. The house is an old traditional dutch building and has a rustic flair. Guests can use the entire appartement for themselves Interaction is via internet. Neighbors take care of the handeling with the keys. Please feel free to ask questions . Friendly neighborhood , wide street with trees and flowers in front of the house. Many shops and restaurants in walking distance close by. A map gives clear information about everything important. 1 min walking form Hoofddorpplein. A Arrival from Schiphol : take train to station 'Amsterdam Zuid' and from there bus 15 , or a taxi for €12. Arrival with tra","Friendly neighborhood , wide street with trees and flowers in front of the house. Many shops and restaurants in walking distance close by. A map gives clear information about everything important.","1 min walking form Hoofddorpplein. A Arrival from Schiphol : take train to station 'Amsterdam Zuid' and from there bus 15 , or a taxi for €12. Arrival with train : Direct Tram 2 from Central Station. With the car: Ring A10 exit 'Sloten S 107', 2 min from there to Hoofddorpplein.  Free parking on 7 min walking distance on zaterdag en zondag's. Parking also in front of the door for €2,40 per hour.","Rules to please be respected: Non smoking, no drugs, respectful to the neighbors, no loud music, only guests who rent are allowed at the house, no animals."
