"A cool and spacious apartment on the perfect location, a quiet street but just a few minutes away from all the niceness. Literally around the corner you find nice places to eat or drink. Vondelpark is just two blocks away!  ","The apartment was originally a Volkswagon Garage, which we have rebuild into a nice and spacious but cosy house. It comfortably fits two people but on request we can add an extra 2 person mattress or even a baby bed. The kitchen is right at the entrance and is very big. The front door is in the kitchen and can be opened all the way! (so the front of the house will be open, and you can enjoy the sun while cooking!) The place has a extra deep bath with tv and a walk in shower. In the middle of the living area there is a patio decorated with nice marocan tiles. You can actually walk all arounde the patio at the inside of the house. The livingroom is very spacious and has a diningtable and the sofa is in front of the tv. The bedroom is in the back and is devided in 2; one side is with a bed, the otherside is the dressing section. The bed will be crisp and clean when you arrive and there will be clean towels. ","A cool and spacious apartment on the perfect location, a quiet street but just a few minutes away from all the niceness. Literally around the corner you find nice places to eat or drink. Vondelpark is just two blocks away!  The apartment was originally a Volkswagon Garage, which we have rebuild into a nice and spacious but cosy house. It comfortably fits two people but on request we can add an extra 2 person mattress or even a baby bed. The kitchen is right at the entrance and is very big. The front door is in the kitchen and can be opened all the way! (so the front of the house will be open, and you can enjoy the sun while cooking!) The place has a extra deep bath with tv and a walk in shower. In the middle of the living area there is a patio decorated with nice marocan tiles. You can actually walk all arounde the patio at the inside of the house. The livingroom is very spacious and has a diningtable and the sofa is in front of the tv. The bedroom is in the back and is devided in 2; o","Our neighborhood is called Amsterdam Oud West (Old West). It's a friendly district which has nice restaurants, cosy lunchrooms and gastro cafes on every corner. And right in the middle of many well worth visiting sites such as the Vondelpark, Leidseplein, Rijks Museum and the Van Gogh museum. Don't miss 'de 9 straatjes' and the Jordaan, great shopping areas amidst the Amsterdam canals. Around the corner of our street you'll find a daily fresh market, great bars, shops, supermarkets and restaurants.  ","Public transport stops 5 minutes away of our doorstep, so you never have to stay in one place, we have many trams bringing you allover the city. Four tram-stops from Dam Square and two stops from Jordaan and the Westertoren.  When you arrive from Schiphol Airport it's 6 minutes by train and than 15 tram. We will send you the route description as soon as you have booked.  ",Pls don't smoke in our house and make sure you lock all the doors properly before you out. It's appreciated to handle our house/furniture/belongings with care. Don't go on the roof....
