"Welcome to our home in the Pijp. You can find all kinds of shops, cafés, restaurants and even a nice park within 100 meters of our home.  Our apartment is beautiful and spacious: 135 square meters with a big living room, 4 separate bedrooms and two bathrooms, all recently renovated.","The apartment is in this area unique in it's size in this area. It's located on the second, third and fourth floor of a typical Amsterdam mansion. It has a lovely green balcony with sun from 11 o clock until 6 (if there is any sun:-)). The apartment spreads over 3 floors.  2nd floor:  - A master bedroom with big double bed, which is 20 square meters.  - A smaller bedroom with a babybed - A big bedroom with a small bed - A nice bathroom with shower and bath 3rd floor:  - Big living room with kitchen  4th floor:  - A second big bedroom with a double bed - A shower and sink There is a lot of children's accessories and toys. Wifi is available. We have some lovely tips for the neighborhood, so you can enjoy our lovely city like we do!","Welcome to our home in the Pijp. You can find all kinds of shops, cafés, restaurants and even a nice park within 100 meters of our home.  Our apartment is beautiful and spacious: 135 square meters with a big living room, 4 separate bedrooms and two bathrooms, all recently renovated. The apartment is in this area unique in it's size in this area. It's located on the second, third and fourth floor of a typical Amsterdam mansion. It has a lovely green balcony with sun from 11 o clock until 6 (if there is any sun:-)). The apartment spreads over 3 floors.  2nd floor:  - A master bedroom with big double bed, which is 20 square meters.  - A smaller bedroom with a babybed - A big bedroom with a small bed - A nice bathroom with shower and bath 3rd floor:  - Big living room with kitchen  4th floor:  - A second big bedroom with a double bed - A shower and sink There is a lot of children's accessories and toys. Wifi is available. We have some lovely tips for the neighborhood, so you can enjoy our ","The apartment in a typical Amsterdam mansion is situated in a quiet street in the middle of 'De Pijp'. With the sarphati-parc and the Albert Cuyp at a walking distance you're surrounded by little coffeeplaces, galeries, shops & bars. Walking around the neighbourhood is a great experience on it's own, but other parts of the city are easy reachable too. Within 100 meters distance you'll find a tram that leads you straight to:  - Dam Square & Central Station - The canals - Jordaan  - Museum Square",,
