Our double floor apartment at second and thrid floor with private entrance offers a light 50m2 living room with high ceilings and windows with access to the modern semi-open fully equipped kitchen with south-facing balcony. At third floor you find two large bedrooms and baby room plus bathroom with bath and separate shower. You access the roof terrace with great view over the city and Amstel river by comfortable stairs.,,"Our double floor apartment at second and thrid floor with private entrance offers a light 50m2 living room with high ceilings and windows with access to the modern semi-open fully equipped kitchen with south-facing balcony. At third floor you find two large bedrooms and baby room plus bathroom with bath and separate shower. You access the roof terrace with great view over the city and Amstel river by comfortable stairs. You have full and private access to the house during your stay. Since we are on holidays we asked Awaykey to take care of the rental, from the booking, the welcome at the house, the cleaning of my house after your stay. They will also handle all communication with you. Our apartment is situated in the Pijp, one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. The Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. The famous Albert Cuyp market and Heineken brewery are within walking distance. From the living room you can see the Amstel","Our apartment is situated in the Pijp, one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam. The Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. The famous Albert Cuyp market and Heineken brewery are within walking distance. From the living room you can see the Amstel river, make sure to do a boat trip to experience Amsterdam from the water!","There is a tram/bus stop at 1 minute walking distance from the house. From there it’s just a ~10 minute tram ride to the museum district (with Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk museum) and the nightlife area Leidseplein. Many hotspots easy to reach by feet.","- Our home is only suited for families, couples and business trips. - Please respect the house and the neighbourhood: quiet time after 9 pm. - We charge €20 for late check ins after 9.00 PM. - No smoking inside  - No loud music	 - No parties - No drugs, also no cannabis! - No guests In case of breaking one of the rules you will be charged with a penalty of €200 per broken rule.  In case of loss of the key, locking yourself out or leaving the key of the front door on the inside in the lock and you can`t enter the house, we charge all costs, including locksmith costs and costs for the host that has to come over (€20 euro between 09.00 and 18.00 and €40 between 18.00 and 09.00)."
