// Very light and spacious apartment in hip and upcoming East-side of Amsterdam //,"This just renovated apartment (94m2) has beautiful white wooden floors, large living area, fully modern equipped kitchen and 2 spacious balconies, located on the 3rd and 4th floor. Perfect for a couple!  The apartment is located in a quiet street (mixed cultures), but just around the corner you'll find everything you need. The lively Eastern part of Amsterdam has a lot to offer. The beautiful Flevopark, a great place to go to escape the city on sunny days! As well as the Javastraat, just around the corner, where you can find all sorts of bars, restaurants, markets, shops and concept stores. We will also provide you with all sorts of tips and information about the neighborhood.  We moved into this great apartment about one year ago and are very lucky we feel so much at home. Our house is a reflection of our travels, interests and cultures.  We have stayed often in Airbnb apartments around the world and in return we also would like to share ours with you. We really hope you will love our","// Very light and spacious apartment in hip and upcoming East-side of Amsterdam // This just renovated apartment (94m2) has beautiful white wooden floors, large living area, fully modern equipped kitchen and 2 spacious balconies, located on the 3rd and 4th floor. Perfect for a couple!  The apartment is located in a quiet street (mixed cultures), but just around the corner you'll find everything you need. The lively Eastern part of Amsterdam has a lot to offer. The beautiful Flevopark, a great place to go to escape the city on sunny days! As well as the Javastraat, just around the corner, where you can find all sorts of bars, restaurants, markets, shops and concept stores. We will also provide you with all sorts of tips and information about the neighborhood.  We moved into this great apartment about one year ago and are very lucky we feel so much at home. Our house is a reflection of our travels, interests and cultures.  We have stayed often in Airbnb apartments around the world and in",,Next door tram 7 and 14 will reach the city center within 20 minutes. If you travel from Schiphol airport; take the train to Amsterdam Muiderpoort and within a 10 minute walk you will reach the apartment.,"The house rules are very simple; treat  our house with respect, just as you would do with your own house. Meaning no smoking, no drugs (zero tolerance!), no parties, no extra guests, no pets, no trashing up the place."
