Enjoy our spacious new home with garden in a very quiet neighbourhood. 10 min from the city centre by bus or bicycle in the coolest and greenest part of the city: Amsterdam Noord.,"Relaxed spacious house with sunny garden in a quiet & green neighbourhood. Very close to the city centre.  WiFi, dish wasser, fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, dryer, hot shower, bbq Bus 34 takes you in 10 min to Central Station. Bus stop in 5 min from our house and goes every 10 min.  WiFi, dish wasser, fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, dryer, hot shower, bbq,  free parking. Non-smoking.  Whenever you need us! :) Green, relaxt, close by everything amsterdam has to offer, free parking. Easy access from the A10.  Bus 34 takes you in 10 min to Central Station. Bus stop in 5 min from our house and goes every 10 min. You can rent a bike on several locations in the city centre because that's the best way to see this beautiful city! We have put up  new, darker curtains in the master bedroom. Also the dish washer is fixed and we hired professional cleaning so everything is immaculate.","Enjoy our spacious new home with garden in a very quiet neighbourhood. 10 min from the city centre by bus or bicycle in the coolest and greenest part of the city: Amsterdam Noord. Relaxed spacious house with sunny garden in a quiet & green neighbourhood. Very close to the city centre.  WiFi, dish wasser, fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, dryer, hot shower, bbq Bus 34 takes you in 10 min to Central Station. Bus stop in 5 min from our house and goes every 10 min.  WiFi, dish wasser, fully equiped kitchen, washing machine, dryer, hot shower, bbq,  free parking. Non-smoking.  Whenever you need us! :) Green, relaxt, close by everything amsterdam has to offer, free parking. Easy access from the A10.  Bus 34 takes you in 10 min to Central Station. Bus stop in 5 min from our house and goes every 10 min. You can rent a bike on several locations in the city centre because that's the best way to see this beautiful city! We have put up  new, darker curtains in the master bedroom. Also the di","Green, relaxt, close by everything amsterdam has to offer, free parking. Easy access from the A10.",Bus 34 takes you in 10 min to Central Station. Bus stop in 2 min from our house and goes every 10 min. You can rent a bike on several locations in the city centre because that's the best way to see this beautiful city!,We ask you kindly to respect our neighbours and our house. It is not allowed to smoke inside and  sit outside after 23.00.  Sorry guys no parties. Thanks!
