"studio INN is situated on a very central spot in Amsterdam, in a pleasant and quiet neighbourhood, with lots of characteristic bridges and historic store-houses. From here, Amsterdam can be easily explored. studio INN is a modernly and tranquilly furnished bed+breakfast. As a special treat (and unlike many others!) we serve a good and tasty breakfast at the time of your convenience.  studio INN can be reached easily from the Central Station, it's just a 15 minutes walk.","studio INN is located on the first floor of a monumental building.  The bed+breakfast has a private entrance, accessible from the staircase (there is no elevator). From the entrancehall, you enter the two bedrooms and bathroom. In the large room there is a comfortable double bed, an open wardrobe and a comfy chair by the window. You can make coffee and tea as much as you like, and use the small fridge for cold beverages. Also, there is a table with four chairs where breakfast can be enjoyed. The small room has a double bed, and also the view over the water and the chestnut tree. The small room is only rented in combination with the large room. The bathroom is used by both chambers, and comprises a shower, a sink and toilet.","studio INN is situated on a very central spot in Amsterdam, in a pleasant and quiet neighbourhood, with lots of characteristic bridges and historic store-houses. From here, Amsterdam can be easily explored. studio INN is a modernly and tranquilly furnished bed+breakfast. As a special treat (and unlike many others!) we serve a good and tasty breakfast at the time of your convenience.  studio INN can be reached easily from the Central Station, it's just a 15 minutes walk. studio INN is located on the first floor of a monumental building.  The bed+breakfast has a private entrance, accessible from the staircase (there is no elevator). From the entrancehall, you enter the two bedrooms and bathroom. In the large room there is a comfortable double bed, an open wardrobe and a comfy chair by the window. You can make coffee and tea as much as you like, and use the small fridge for cold beverages. Also, there is a table with four chairs where breakfast can be enjoyed. The small room has a double ","studio INN is situated on a very central spot in Amsterdam, in a pleasant and quiet neighbourhood, with lots of characteristic bridges and historic store-houses. The Zandhoek with its monumental edifices is close by, as is the Jordaan-area and the Haarlemmerdijk, one of Amsterdams main culinairy streets. From here, Amsterdam can be easily explored.","studio INN can be reached easily from the Central Station, it's just a 15 minutes walk.","Since the bed+breakfast is part of our house, we ask the guests not to play loud music.  We insist that you do not smoke inside."
