"In this old textile shop in the heart of Amsterdam, you have everything you need. Near the apartment you will find a lot of shops, musea, restaurants, clubs and coffeeshops, everything is near by. It will take you 5 min. walk to the museumplein, leidsesquare or the beautiful canals. The studio is all private and has a nice shared courtyard where you can have dinner or a drink.","The studio is all private with an sleeping area for two people, a nice kitchen with oven, bathroom, dining area, living area with tv and a shared courtyard. Because the courtyard is shared, please be quiet in evenings.","In this old textile shop in the heart of Amsterdam, you have everything you need. Near the apartment you will find a lot of shops, musea, restaurants, clubs and coffeeshops, everything is near by. It will take you 5 min. walk to the museumplein, leidsesquare or the beautiful canals. The studio is all private and has a nice shared courtyard where you can have dinner or a drink. The studio is all private with an sleeping area for two people, a nice kitchen with oven, bathroom, dining area, living area with tv and a shared courtyard. Because the courtyard is shared, please be quiet in evenings. All basic needs will be provided, such as clean sheets, towels, shampoo, coffee and tea. A laundry machine is also available. The place is all yours! I will be there to give you the key and show you around. If you wanna know something about the house or neighborhood or nice things to do in Amsterdam, you can always ask.  In the Weterings neighborhood you will find a lot of shops, restaurants, a nic","In the Weterings neighborhood you will find a lot of shops, restaurants, a nice cinema and coffeeshops. Right at the other side of the street there is a nice bakery where you can have a croissant to start your morning. A supermarket 'Aldi' and 'Albert Heijn' are just around the corner. It is located in the city centre of Amsterdam. It is only 5 minutes walk to the Vondelpark for a nice walk, Museumplein (rijksmuseum, van gogh museum, stedelijk museum) and Leidsesquare (clubs, drinks) It is also nearby the Pijp, a cosy neighborhood to have a lunch, drinks or go to the daily market with food and clothes. Within 7 minutes you will be in the shopping area: the Kalverstreet. The apartment is located in the canal streets, so you can enjoy the famous and romantic canal view whenever you want.","The tram 16 and 24 both stop in front of the door. These trams can bring you to the Central station. There is also another tram stop only 100 meters away, to go to the west or eastside of Amsterdam (tram 10 and 7). Bike rentals are also nearby, around 10 euros a day. Amsterdam is a small city and you'll see that simply walking brings you almost everywhere within a short time:)",No smoking and no pets.
