,"The One Roomed Guesthouse-B&B offer a lovely studio in the very heart of Amsterdam. Located in a old trading building on the famous Amsterdam canals. The Studio Apartment has it's shared private garden, great to use in the summer to have breakfast. It has it's own private shower and toilet. The studio is near the red light district and in a very urban neighborhood.  Shops, bars, restaurants, markets and museums are all within a walking distance.  We are gay friendly, the best gay bars are just around the corner! Beds: We have a small double bed and a possibility to put a 2nd single bed if wanted.  Public transport is within a 2 minute walk. And it is a 5 minute walk to Central Station. Check out our GUIDEBOOK, We've put in our favorites!  Places that are within a 10 minute walk distance:  - waterloo flea market  - red light district - amsterdam shopping area  - flower market  - leidse square entertainment area  - dam square (royal palace)  - Nieuw Markt - van gogh museum  - Museum Plei","The One Roomed Guesthouse-B&B offer a lovely studio in the very heart of Amsterdam. Located in a old trading building on the famous Amsterdam canals. The Studio Apartment has it's shared private garden, great to use in the summer to have breakfast. It has it's own private shower and toilet. The studio is near the red light district and in a very urban neighborhood.  Shops, bars, restaurants, markets and museums are all within a walking distance.  We are gay friendly, the best gay bars are just around the corner! Beds: We have a small double bed and a possibility to put a 2nd single bed if wanted.  Public transport is within a 2 minute walk. And it is a 5 minute walk to Central Station. Check out our GUIDEBOOK, We've put in our favorites!  Places that are within a 10 minute walk distance:  - waterloo flea market  - red light district - amsterdam shopping area  - flower market  - leidse square entertainment area  - dam square (royal palace)  - Nieuw Markt - van gogh museum  - Museum Plei",,,"We respect everyone staying with us. So we love it when guest respect the room house and people living in it. The patio is for your use only, and you have 24 hour access, but please don't use it after 11 PM. You are saying in an old trading building and that when sitting outside and talking your neighbors will be able to to join the conversation. So please make sure that in the night time you think about your neighbor sleeping ;)  Smoking is allowed but only when sitting in the patio or window. We hope you will love Amsterdam as much as we do! ENJOY!"
