"We were able to build our dream. A unique, modern and comfortable houseboat of 35 x 6 meters. We designed an independent studio in the bow of the boat that you can rent. So you can share our experience of living the good life on the water.","The nautical boutique style studio is situated in the bow of houseboat ""Tasmania"". You get your own private space with a private entrance and en-suite bathroom with great shower and toilet. It has underfloor heating and is cosy and warm in the wintertime. From the bed, you can look at the stars or the full moon. On the private deck you can enjoy a glass of wine and watch the sunset and the beautiful row of old seventeenth century warehouses.  The Tasmania lies at the edge of the city centre in the old woodharbor, a secret hideaway just around the corner of the bustling city centre. Quiet and beautiful, it is situated in the heart of the architectural redeveloped waterfront of Amsterdam.  - 5 minute walk to Jordaan neighborhood, the lovely canal district and the most popular shopping street of 2012: the Haarlemmerstraat.  - 10 minute walk to hip and happening Westerpark - 20 minute walk (2.3 km) to Central Station (or take bus 48) - 2 minute walk to Tram stop (line 3 to Museum District:","We were able to build our dream. A unique, modern and comfortable houseboat of 35 x 6 meters. We designed an independent studio in the bow of the boat that you can rent. So you can share our experience of living the good life on the water. The nautical boutique style studio is situated in the bow of houseboat ""Tasmania"". You get your own private space with a private entrance and en-suite bathroom with great shower and toilet. It has underfloor heating and is cosy and warm in the wintertime. From the bed, you can look at the stars or the full moon. On the private deck you can enjoy a glass of wine and watch the sunset and the beautiful row of old seventeenth century warehouses.  The Tasmania lies at the edge of the city centre in the old woodharbor, a secret hideaway just around the corner of the bustling city centre. Quiet and beautiful, it is situated in the heart of the architectural redeveloped waterfront of Amsterdam.  - 5 minute walk to Jordaan neighborhood, the lovely canal distr",,,- No smoking inside. Please smoke outside.  - Checkin and checkout times are flexible depending on bookings of guests before and/or after you. If you arrive early it is always possible to leave your luggage on the Tasmania before you head into town. If you have a late flight you can store the luggage until you leave. - Lock the bikes at all times. Lots of them get stolen in Amsterdam.  - In the summer time you can use the deck chairs or the fatboy to sit outside. If you leave to go into town put them inside. The wind can blow them overboard. - Don't wear stilettos inside. They will ruin the bamboo floor. - Please make use of the popular Amsterdam guides available but leave them for other guests to enjoy as well. - Be careful with Dutch wiet. It is very powerful stuff. - Aboard the ship you may encounter a mellow ginger cat called Hector. He is not allowed to go into the studio.
