"Very beautiful and spacious top floor apartment for 4 persons, perfect for a family. Located near CITY CENTRE guarantees the best experience ever! Many famous attractions to visit, such as Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, Museum van Loon, Felix Meritis Huis- European centre for art, culture and science, Foam Photography Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leideseplein- one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas and many more places to visit!","This is a 4-person apartment in the center of Amsterdam, at a distance of only 700 meters from the famous Leidseplein. The lively Elandsgracht with its countless shops, the 9 District Area and the famous Vondelpark are just a few highlights in the direct vicinity of this apartment. Upon entering the door of this apartment, the beautiful beamed ceiling will immediately capture your eye. The open kitchen is directly connected to the spacious living area, which has a large couch which provides enough lounging space for everyone! Both bedrooms have 2 comfortable single box-spring beds with extra thick mattresses. Above all this apartment has a great view over the city! ★ Fully equipped kitchen ★ Luxurious bathroom with a shower, bath, washbasin and a toilet ★ Washing machine  ★ Flat screen TV ★ WIFI ★ Extra pillows for the bed I'm sure you will enjoy your stay at my place.","Very beautiful and spacious top floor apartment for 4 persons, perfect for a family. Located near CITY CENTRE guarantees the best experience ever! Many famous attractions to visit, such as Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, Museum van Loon, Felix Meritis Huis- European centre for art, culture and science, Foam Photography Museum, Rijksmuseum, Leideseplein- one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas and many more places to visit! This is a 4-person apartment in the center of Amsterdam, at a distance of only 700 meters from the famous Leidseplein. The lively Elandsgracht with its countless shops, the 9 District Area and the famous Vondelpark are just a few highlights in the direct vicinity of this apartment. Upon entering the door of this apartment, the beautiful beamed ceiling will immediately capture your eye. The open kitchen is directly connected to the spacious living area, which has a large couch which provides enough lounging space for everyone! Both bedrooms have 2 comfortable sin","The lively Elandsgracht with its countless shops, the 9 District Area and the famous Vondelpark are just a few highlights in the direct vicinity of this apartment. Located in Jordaan neighborhood: The modest origins of the Jordaan (it was built to house Jewish and French immigrant workers) is still visible in its small, very old houses and the fact there is an old cafe on nearly every corner (often the type where locals will burst into folk music on Sunday drinking sessions). Nowadays these old brown cafes share space with brick oven pizzerias, boutique design shops and other trappings of the young professional set. Nice to know: each of the streets is named after a flower. Close by: Westerkerk, Anne Frank Huis.","From the central station, you can take bus 170 or 174 or tram 17 and get off at Elandsgracht.","We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the mail addressed "
