"A very characterful studio apartment in the heart of Amsterdam in a recently renovated Grade 1 listed building on a canal. Around the corner from Rembrandt House, Diamond factory, Opera, Nieuwmarkt, but in a quiet spot. New - not so soft (!) double bed....","Our house is a grade 1 listed canal side warehouse built in approximately 1620 on one of the wider and most beautiful canals in central Amsterdam. If you you like charming old buildings this house will not disappoint you! The house has gone through many changes in the 400 odd years since it was built, but was restored to it's original state in the 1940's. We bought the house with friends 10 years ago and renovated it to suit our needs; two families and a bow maker's workshop (violin bows). We created this studio apartment on the second floor for my mother in law, but she remarried at 70 and moved to America so now we rent it out! It is a non smoking studio apartment (one room plus en-suite bathroom) of about 38 square meters, with a private entrance on the second floor. It has large double warehouse windows which you can fully open to enjoy the stunning view in the afternoon and evening sun. There is a double bed (multiple pocket sprung mattress), we can supply a cot and/or a camp bed ","A very characterful studio apartment in the heart of Amsterdam in a recently renovated Grade 1 listed building on a canal. Around the corner from Rembrandt House, Diamond factory, Opera, Nieuwmarkt, but in a quiet spot. New - not so soft (!) double bed.... Our house is a grade 1 listed canal side warehouse built in approximately 1620 on one of the wider and most beautiful canals in central Amsterdam. If you you like charming old buildings this house will not disappoint you! The house has gone through many changes in the 400 odd years since it was built, but was restored to it's original state in the 1940's. We bought the house with friends 10 years ago and renovated it to suit our needs; two families and a bow maker's workshop (violin bows). We created this studio apartment on the second floor for my mother in law, but she remarried at 70 and moved to America so now we rent it out! It is a non smoking studio apartment (one room plus en-suite bathroom) of about 38 square meters, with a ","It is very central, yet quiet!","We are a 10 min. walk from the central station, 2 min. from the Metro","Strictly non smoking- including weed! There are plenty of coffeeshops for this... If you are coming here for the nightlife of Amsterdam you might want to look for something more suitable - as we are not a hotel, but a non commercial family home with one studio flat that we rent out."
