"This apartment is just simple situated in the best area of amsterdam,downstairs you have the canals,and the center is 10 min.walking distance.","Located in the very popular Jordaan neighbourhood, NL 53 is a super comfortable apartment on the first floor. All things you may possibly need are there for you. The kitchenette is fully equipped and the  bathroom is solely for your own use.  The apartment is intended for four people, as we can arrange a sofabed really confortable the one you also see on the pictures.","This apartment is just simple situated in the best area of amsterdam,downstairs you have the canals,and the center is 10 min.walking distance. Located in the very popular Jordaan neighbourhood, NL 53 is a super comfortable apartment on the first floor. All things you may possibly need are there for you. The kitchenette is fully equipped and the  bathroom is solely for your own use.  The apartment is intended for four people, as we can arrange a sofabed really confortable the one you also see on the pictures. Full apartment access. We like to welcome every guest. We would like to inform you about all the significant, authentic and new places in the neighbourhood and in the rest of Amsterdam. We’ll be your helpful hosts and have ideas and recommendations for all ages and interests. If you like to find things out on your own,just go for it :-) The Nieuwe Leliestraat is a cosy street surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, stores and markets. The area is in the center of Amsterdam, a UNESCO","The Nieuwe Leliestraat is a cosy street surrounded by many restaurants, cafes, stores and markets. The area is in the center of Amsterdam, a UNESCO protected area with many canals and picturesque buildings. It is famous for its small and authentic shops, lovely restaurants, the inner courts called ‘hofjes’ and of course the Anne Frank House.","From the studio NL 53 are all the highlights of Amsterdam easy accessible, on foot, by bike or public transportation. And even by boat; the Hop-on, Hop-off canal cruise has a stop right around the corner. If you want to walk, which you really should do, here are some distances. Trams and busses are a 2 minute walk from the studio. The Anne Frank house and the Westerkerk are also only 2 minutes. ‘9 straatjes’ 5 minutes. The noordermarkt, antiques/flea and fabric market on Mondays and a organic and local food market on Saturday, 10 minutes. Dam Square, 10 minutes. Central Station, 15 minutes. Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk museum, van Gogh museum, 20 minutes.",MANUAL IS IN THE HOUSE.
