"This lovely spacious 150m2 apartment is situated in the Old-West area of Amsterdam. Located in an old hospital, this apartment is fully renovated and has a fantastic view on the canals of Amsterdam.","With two master bedrooms and an available third bedroom, this apartment is everything you need to have a pleasant time in Amsterdam. A parking spot under the apartment is available for rent. For those who like to spent some time outside the apartment, the terrace provides an excellent opportunity to relax and enjoy the feeling of Amsterdam. APARTMENT *  Two master bedrooms with luxurious King-size bed (180x200), adjoining bathroom with bath, separate shower, sink and toilet.  * Large living/lounge with fashionable furniture including a wonderful grand piano with view on the famous Amsterdam Canals.  * Separate room with flatscreen TV  * Modern (open) kitchen with microwave/oven, dishwasher, fridge / freezer, gas hob, extractor, Nespresso machine, dining table.  * Separate laundry room with washer/dryer combination.  * Separate toilet.  * Entrance hall with video intercom system.  * Free Wi-Fi.  * Parking spot under the apartment can be rented LOCATION:  The apartment is centrally locat","This lovely spacious 150m2 apartment is situated in the Old-West area of Amsterdam. Located in an old hospital, this apartment is fully renovated and has a fantastic view on the canals of Amsterdam. With two master bedrooms and an available third bedroom, this apartment is everything you need to have a pleasant time in Amsterdam. A parking spot under the apartment is available for rent. For those who like to spent some time outside the apartment, the terrace provides an excellent opportunity to relax and enjoy the feeling of Amsterdam. APARTMENT *  Two master bedrooms with luxurious King-size bed (180x200), adjoining bathroom with bath, separate shower, sink and toilet.  * Large living/lounge with fashionable furniture including a wonderful grand piano with view on the famous Amsterdam Canals.  * Separate room with flatscreen TV  * Modern (open) kitchen with microwave/oven, dishwasher, fridge / freezer, gas hob, extractor, Nespresso machine, dining table.  * Separate laundry room with ",,,
