"A very comfortable and light apartment in a beautiful building in the West of Amsterdam. Next to the water, some very nice restaurants and grocery shops. 20 minutes from Central Station, 10 minutes from Leidse Plein and 5 minutes to Vondelpark!","Our apartment is located next to a canal, very light and has everything you need. A fully equipped kitchen, nice bed, a bathroom with bathtub and a very nice patio outside with the evening sun!","A very comfortable and light apartment in a beautiful building in the West of Amsterdam. Next to the water, some very nice restaurants and grocery shops. 20 minutes from Central Station, 10 minutes from Leidse Plein and 5 minutes to Vondelpark! Our apartment is located next to a canal, very light and has everything you need. A fully equipped kitchen, nice bed, a bathroom with bathtub and a very nice patio outside with the evening sun! Our neighborhood is just out of the city center, so it's easy to get in and out of the city, but nice and quiet in the evening when it's time to go to sleep. All the shops you need are in a 5 minute walking distance and there is a very nice fruit and vegetable market from monday till saturday just around the corner. There are also a lot of cafe's, bars and restaurants in walking distance. From burger with a beer till French haute cuisine, it's all in the neighborhood! The tram to central station stops around the corner and takes you there in about 20 minu","Our neighborhood is just out of the city center, so it's easy to get in and out of the city, but nice and quiet in the evening when it's time to go to sleep. All the shops you need are in a 5 minute walking distance and there is a very nice fruit and vegetable market from monday till saturday just around the corner. There are also a lot of cafe's, bars and restaurants in walking distance. From burger with a beer till French haute cuisine, it's all in the neighborhood!","The tram to central station stops around the corner and takes you there in about 20 minutes. At the same spot you can take the other tram to the Leidseplein, Vondelpark and Rijksmuseum!",
