"Right next to the canal area, at the lively Albert Cuyp Market, is this STUNNING 90 m2 loft. With spacious living room, open plan kitchen, master bed room, two bath rooms, a children's room/study and a roof terrace overlooking the whole city. ","Right next to the canal area, at the lively Albert Cuyp Market, is this STUNNING 90 m2 loft. It consists of a spacious living room with an open plan kitchen containing all the devices you might expect in a fully-equipped house, a master bedroom with adjacent bathroom and a children’s room/study with another bath room. The apartment, dating back to 1892, is renovated recently, with respect for the original elements such as a French balcony. The apartment offers a large roof terrace with an amazing view over the city. Only 10 mins away from RAI, right in the middle of the dynamic The Pijp area. Restaurants, bars, shops, the Rijksmuseum and the Heineken Experience are right around the corner. Layout: 3rd floor: living room, open plan kitchen, study/children’s room, bathroom with shower 4th floor: master bedroom, bathroom, entrance to roof terrace. This apartment is great for a couple (with a young child).  ","Right next to the canal area, at the lively Albert Cuyp Market, is this STUNNING 90 m2 loft. With spacious living room, open plan kitchen, master bed room, two bath rooms, a children's room/study and a roof terrace overlooking the whole city.  Right next to the canal area, at the lively Albert Cuyp Market, is this STUNNING 90 m2 loft. It consists of a spacious living room with an open plan kitchen containing all the devices you might expect in a fully-equipped house, a master bedroom with adjacent bathroom and a children’s room/study with another bath room. The apartment, dating back to 1892, is renovated recently, with respect for the original elements such as a French balcony. The apartment offers a large roof terrace with an amazing view over the city. Only 10 mins away from RAI, right in the middle of the dynamic The Pijp area. Restaurants, bars, shops, the Rijksmuseum and the Heineken Experience are right around the corner. Layout: 3rd floor: living room, open plan kitchen, study/",,,NO Smoking
