"Located in super central A-location, across from Amsterdam CS in walking distance of Dam Square. This characteristic and spacious apartment is located in a 16th century building and comes with 2 bedrooms and 1,5 bathrooms.  Under Amsterdam City Council law we can only host more than 4 people, when they are from the same family or household.  * Contact us for special requirements or off-season specials. *","This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest historic buildings, in the heart of Amsterdam's City Centre, situated on the beautiful and famous Singel canal.   This beautiful 90m2/970ft apartment, is situated in a 17th century building which is listed on the UNESCO World Heritage list. The property has a beautiful stepped gable, old doors and large original wooden beams.  Through these authentic details, you will feel like you are staying in the heart of old historic Amsterdam.   This 'boutique hotel-feel’, quiet apartment, is situated on the 3rd floor, has recently been fully renovated and has been tastefully decorated.  The walls are well insulated (so there’s no noise whatsoever from the Café on the 1st floor) and the floors are equipped with oak parquet flooring.","Located in super central A-location, across from Amsterdam CS in walking distance of Dam Square. This characteristic and spacious apartment is located in a 16th century building and comes with 2 bedrooms and 1,5 bathrooms.  Under Amsterdam City Council law we can only host more than 4 people, when they are from the same family or household.  * Contact us for special requirements or off-season specials. * This is your chance to stay in one of the oldest historic buildings, in the heart of Amsterdam's City Centre, situated on the beautiful and famous Singel canal.   This beautiful 90m2/970ft apartment, is situated in a 17th century building which is listed on the UNESCO World Heritage list. The property has a beautiful stepped gable, old doors and large original wooden beams.  Through these authentic details, you will feel like you are staying in the heart of old historic Amsterdam.   This 'boutique hotel-feel’, quiet apartment, is situated on the 3rd floor, has recently been fully renov","The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of and across from Amsterdam Central Station (350 meters), on the corner of the Haarlemmerstraat, (recently voted best shopping street of the Netherlands 2012), with its charming shops and cafes. It is located within walking distance of the city centre attractions such as the Dam Square, Beurs van Berlage, Madame Tussaud and Jordaan area. Museums, theatres and night-life can all be found on your doorstep.  There are a few parking options.  By booking your parking online you can stay 24 or 48 hrs (Max!) for only € 20,- or € 40,- You can book via : (website hidden) The parking garage is located across the street, only 75 meters from the apartments.  The other option is you park your car at the Park&Ride at Zeeburg which is just out of the centre. It only cost a € 8,- per day. You'll get 8 free public transport tickets. The tramline #26 will bring you right back into the centre (stop Central Station) and just 350 meters from ","The apartment is very centrally located within walking distance of and across from Amsterdam Central Station (350 meters). There's a busstop with busses #18, #21 and #22 in front of CS. The metro is a 5-minute walk (in front of Central Station). There are several rental bikes and a car rental in walking distance. Please see our Guidebook.","**Kobalt Inn has a strict no smoking policy and we also do not host bachelor(rette) party groups** This is a non-smoking apartment. A €150 cleaning fee will apply (per apartment) if proof of smoking is found in the apartment. Check in at 2:00pm*  Check out at 11:00am*  Should you arrive before the check-in time, you may leave your bags in the secured luggage room Cafe Kobalt, which is located on the ground floor.   Daily continental breakfast buffet can be consumed at Cafe Kobalt at a reduced rate in the morning.  In historic buildings in Amsterdam the staircases are steeper than most people are used to. The apartment is situated on the 3rd floor and doe set have an elevator, though if required we can help with your luggage.  Included in the nightly rate are: towels, linens, coffee/tea (for the 1st night), soap. Ironing board, iron and hairdryer can also be found in the apartment."
