"A very nice recently renovated but still authentic Amsterdam apartment. It's very well designed and also warm and welcoming. The neighbourhood is the most popular hood in Amsterdam at the moment, lot's of cool shops, restaurants and bars. Also just a few minutes walk from Leidseplein and the canals.","Wonderfull light and spacious  well designed apartment on the ground and 1st floor in one of Amsterdams’ most popular neighbourhoods.  * 3 Bedrooms, 2 large ones, 1 with kingsize bed 1 with a very cool bunkbed (matrass adult size), the 3rd bedroom is a very cozy smaller one (guestroom) with a double bed. * One bathroom with bath and separate shower and WC * Fully equiped kitchen  * Living and dining with TV and in house cinema system  * Small garden where you can hangout / eat during sunny days The place is very child friendly, we have everything you need for kids/baby's (cot, high chair, toys, etc). There is also a very sweet cat named Izzy and she is in need of a handful of chunks every day. Bedlinnen & towels are offcourse provided as well as free WIFI a wide range of movies and series (Netflix) At arrival you will find a sheet with tips & tricks in Amsterdam so you can explore Amsterdam like a local!","A very nice recently renovated but still authentic Amsterdam apartment. It's very well designed and also warm and welcoming. The neighbourhood is the most popular hood in Amsterdam at the moment, lot's of cool shops, restaurants and bars. Also just a few minutes walk from Leidseplein and the canals. Wonderfull light and spacious  well designed apartment on the ground and 1st floor in one of Amsterdams’ most popular neighbourhoods.  * 3 Bedrooms, 2 large ones, 1 with kingsize bed 1 with a very cool bunkbed (matrass adult size), the 3rd bedroom is a very cozy smaller one (guestroom) with a double bed. * One bathroom with bath and separate shower and WC * Fully equiped kitchen  * Living and dining with TV and in house cinema system  * Small garden where you can hangout / eat during sunny days The place is very child friendly, we have everything you need for kids/baby's (cot, high chair, toys, etc). There is also a very sweet cat named Izzy and she is in need of a handful of chunks every d","The neighbourhood is actually the best in town, old west is a very popular area cause there are lots of restaurants/shops/musea/parks in the area but it's also a very quite and peaceful area.  The houses are authentic which gives the area a charming Amsterdam character.","You can park your car in front of the apartment (just be aware that Amsterdam parking is expensive). If you come by public transportation it's very easy to reach, from central station tram 1, 2 and 17 will take you to the Helmersbuurt and from Schiphol you take the train to Lelylaan and than tram 1 to the Helmerstbuurt (from Schiphol it will take you around 20 mins to get to the apartment). The location gives you perfect acces to the city. Almost everything is within walking distance (Museumplein, Leidseplein, Jordaan, Canals) and if it's a bit too far by foot there are plenty of trams just at few mins walk to take you to the other side of town.","* No smoking inside, in the garden/terrace it's fine * No (loud) music after 10 o clock * No diners etc in the garden after 10 o clock * Feed and water the cat (please) * Respect the neighbours"
