"Leliegracht BnB is located on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam. The comfortable Studio One has a private bathroom, pantry and its own entrance from the main entrance hall.","We like to welcome you in our cozy BnB on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam.  Leliegracht BnB has two cozy and comfortable private studio's, each with it's own, independent entrance, private bathroom and pantry. You will stay in the stylish and calm Studio One that is located at the back of the canal house and has its own entrance from the main entrance hall. The studio is stylishly furnished, decorated with artworks and equipped with all comforts. Our large and comfortable beds guarantee a good rest. In the pantry you will find everything to prepare a fine breakfast. And every morning we offer fresh rolls.  Leliegracht B&B is located in the middle of the classy canal belt and close to the cozy Jordaan quarter, known for its many restaurants, galleries and little shops. The studio is the perfect base to discover Amsterdam by foot or bike. Ten minutes from Amsterdam Central Station, around the corner of Anne Frank House, within easy reach of the Museum Quarter and within a stone's t","Leliegracht BnB is located on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam. The comfortable Studio One has a private bathroom, pantry and its own entrance from the main entrance hall. We like to welcome you in our cozy BnB on the most beautiful canal of Amsterdam.  Leliegracht BnB has two cozy and comfortable private studio's, each with it's own, independent entrance, private bathroom and pantry. You will stay in the stylish and calm Studio One that is located at the back of the canal house and has its own entrance from the main entrance hall. The studio is stylishly furnished, decorated with artworks and equipped with all comforts. Our large and comfortable beds guarantee a good rest. In the pantry you will find everything to prepare a fine breakfast. And every morning we offer fresh rolls.  Leliegracht B&B is located in the middle of the classy canal belt and close to the cozy Jordaan quarter, known for its many restaurants, galleries and little shops. The studio is the perfect base to disc",,,
