"Modern apartment (2 rooms), suitable for 2 persons, with garden and complete kitchen for your unforgettable stay. Close to the city center and with perfect public transport connections to the old centre, train station and airport.","My apartment is modern and stylish and ideal for a couple. The bedroom is situated at the quiet back of the apartment, at the garden site.  Free WiFi in all rooms. The apartment is my home that I put on Airbnb  whenever I am away myself.","Modern apartment (2 rooms), suitable for 2 persons, with garden and complete kitchen for your unforgettable stay. Close to the city center and with perfect public transport connections to the old centre, train station and airport. My apartment is modern and stylish and ideal for a couple. The bedroom is situated at the quiet back of the apartment, at the garden site.  Free WiFi in all rooms. The apartment is my home that I put on Airbnb  whenever I am away myself. Guests have access to the whole apartment If possible, I will preform the check-in and check-out myself. Sometimes I'll need to ask a friend or neighbour. From the apartment, it will only take about 15 minutes to the city centre, the canals and museums. The street is calm in a upcoming neighborhood. Shops for your daily necessities are around the corner. Many small bars and restaurants are at close distance. The apartment is easy to reach by public transport. Bus - and tram stops and train stations are close by. From the airp","From the apartment, it will only take about 15 minutes to the city centre, the canals and museums. The street is calm in a upcoming neighborhood. Shops for your daily necessities are around the corner. Many small bars and restaurants are at close distance.","The apartment is easy to reach by public transport. Bus - and tram stops and train stations are close by. From the airport take the train to Amsterdam Sloterdijk (11 min) where you can take bus line 15 (4 min).  If you visit Amsterdam by car, please note that you have to pay to park in the street from 9 AM until midnight, except for Sunday. Close by is a parking garage where you can park for €10/24 hours.",Smoking is allowed in the garden not in the apartment. Small dogs are welcome. I would appreciate it you would not invite other people in the house.
