"Welcome in our warm & child friendly home in a cosy and save neighbourhood! With an open plan, fully equipped kitchen, nice dining area, very light living room with conservatory, a nice garden with table & chairs, 2 floors, 2 bedrooms & a beautiful bathroom you will have everything you need to feel at home. Very suitable for a holiday with the kids! We have cots, highchairs, toys, the works! The house is 200 meters from the parc and has supermarkets, restaurants & nice bars around the corner.","Note:  Please notice that we do not accept groups of male friends, due to some bad experiences however we love to welcome couples and families in our place! renovated 2 floor apartment (120 m2) with 50 m2 garden with outside table and chairs! The apartment is close to centre: 10 minutes with tram to museum square or central station.   The area is very nice with great restaurants and terraces and only 100 meters to the park where you can have great picnics, runs or walks! Also the supermarket is only 100 meters away! A few reasons why you are gonna love our house:  - Nice, comfortable bed.  - Nespresso machine (with cups!) - Aeroccino for the best milk for cappuccino's - Great garden with sun!  - Nice bathroom (with shower, bath and towels)  - Fast (really fast) wifi  And what's the house like? It's a bright and a sunny apartment, with two bedrooms, a bathroom, 2 separate toilets, and a bright living room with open kitchen, a garden with terrace. We have a kitchen with freezer, fridge, ","Welcome in our warm & child friendly home in a cosy and save neighbourhood! With an open plan, fully equipped kitchen, nice dining area, very light living room with conservatory, a nice garden with table & chairs, 2 floors, 2 bedrooms & a beautiful bathroom you will have everything you need to feel at home. Very suitable for a holiday with the kids! We have cots, highchairs, toys, the works! The house is 200 meters from the parc and has supermarkets, restaurants & nice bars around the corner. Note:  Please notice that we do not accept groups of male friends, due to some bad experiences however we love to welcome couples and families in our place! renovated 2 floor apartment (120 m2) with 50 m2 garden with outside table and chairs! The apartment is close to centre: 10 minutes with tram to museum square or central station.   The area is very nice with great restaurants and terraces and only 100 meters to the park where you can have great picnics, runs or walks! Also the supermarket is on","It's a very nice neighbourhood, of course i think it's best of Amsterdam: it's ""Oost"" a nice mix of nice restaurants, trendy bars, coffee places. # Parks: the lovely Oosterpark at 1 minute by bike (5 mintues walk) # Leidseplein (15 minutes tram)  # Canals (5 minutes bike)  # Amstel, at the corner  # Museums (Stedelijk, Van Gogh, Rijks, all 15 minutes tram)  # bars, restaurants, coffeeshops: 1 minute walking There is a tramstop around the corner, that will take you to all the hotspots in Amsterdam. If you want to visit something specific, just let us know, we’ll make clear directions how to get there. We don't provide breakfast, because we always go out to a coffee place around the corner with a nice a terrace in the sun with the best coffee in town (nr 1 in amsterdam competition, really! :) We are happy to show that to you.",We have a tram-stop which brings you to the centre and eg the Rijksmuseum/ Vincent van Gogh Museum etc in 15 minutes,"We want our guest to feel free in our place. And we expect them to handle our appartment with care of course. With these thoughts in mind we let our guest use everything, our nespresso machine, our washing machine etc. We like to give our guests tips for nice places to have dinner, breakfast or read a magazine with a good cup of coffee. This and our appartment of 120 m2 gives our guests the feelings that they are ""at home"" in stead of lost in the big city."
