"Spacious private room (no smoking) 55m² in a quiet  upscale residental area in the museum district (centre). A few minutes from the Concert Hall, Stedelijk,Van Gogh, Rijks museum and Vondelpark. My house has 3 floors, the lower private one is for my guests and is facing the garden. It has central heating,free WIFI, satelite tv, a luxurious bathroom, a kitchenette and a large dining table. After arriving I sit down with my guests and tell them everything they need or want to know about Amsterdam.","Stylish modern private space of 55 m2 in the Museum district near Museumplein (centre), situated at a square behind the Concert Hall in a very popular and residental area and was built in 1900. The street is quiet and has a lot of trees. The apartment is in the souterrain (basement). Not the sort of basement where you store your old furniture, but a spacious light floor. It was digged out in 2007 to create a new extra floor. It took 98 containers of soil to dig this out and the result was astonishing. A Dutch newspaper came by to write about it ( 2 pages) and showed pictures of the amazing result. My house is not an average house. One of my guests, an American filmscript writer from Los Angeles described it as ""eye candy "". So if you want to have the same experience you are very welcome to my house. My apartment has 3 floors and I live on the upper 2 floors. The lower floor is exclusive for my guests and has its own entrance but we share the same front door. It has a large living/bedro","Stylish modern private space of 55 m2 in the Museum district near Museumplein (centre), situated at a square behind the Concert Hall in a very popular and residental area and was built in 1900. The street is quiet and has a lot of trees. The apartment is in the souterrain (basement). Not the sort of basement where you store your old furniture, but a spacious light floor. It was digged out in 2007 to create a new extra floor. It took 98 containers of soil to dig this out and the result was astonishing. A Dutch newspaper came by to write about it ( 2 pages) and showed pictures of the amazing result. My house is not an average house. One of my guests, an American filmscript writer from Los Angeles described it as ""eye candy "". So if you want to have the same experience you are very welcome to my house. My apartment has 3 floors and I live on the upper 2 floors. The lower floor is exclusive for my guests and has its own entrance but we share the same front door. It has a large living/bedro",,Public transport close by. Park & Ride Stadionplein €1 .-- per day if you arrive after 10 am - maximum of 4 days.,Checking out is at 11am but guests can store their luggage in my apartment till their departure time. Checking in is at 2 pm but guests can store their luggage from 9am until the room has been cleaned.
