"Stylish cozy quiet room in our garden. It is ideally located, close to the city center, metro stop and train station. It is a private, spacious room with a double bed with your own toilet and sink (the shower is in the main house)",It is a cozy room in our garden that offers  a home away from home feeling with a private toilet and sink. There is a spacious garden for use.  The shower is in the main house.,"Stylish cozy quiet room in our garden. It is ideally located, close to the city center, metro stop and train station. It is a private, spacious room with a double bed with your own toilet and sink (the shower is in the main house) It is a cozy room in our garden that offers  a home away from home feeling with a private toilet and sink. There is a spacious garden for use.  The shower is in the main house. Tea and coffee will be provided free of charge. Clean linen and towels. Hairdryer and electric heater.   Free WIFI. No smoking in the room. Umbrella. Use of kitchen can be negotiated. It would be our pleasure to welcome you and make recommendations to have your visit tailor made to your personal interest We live in a city monument in an area close to many of the main attractions of Amsterdam. It is a very multicultural area. Ideally located: 5 min. from the underground, 8 min. from the train station (Amstel), 20 min. from Central Station, the center is 15 min. walking distance. Close t",We live in a city monument in an area close to many of the main attractions of Amsterdam. It is a very multicultural area.,"Ideally located: 5 min. from the underground, 8 min. from the train station (Amstel), 20 min. from Central Station, the center is 15 min. walking distance. Close to the night bus and trams. Trendy clubs within walking distance.   Schiphol Airport is about 30 min. away. Paid parking till 9.00 PM, Sundays free. (cheaper or free parking places just outside the city)","Mutual respect;  and one should treat others the way, you would like to be treated in return.  There is no smoking in the  room (you can smoke in the garden) and if you are coming in late, please do so quietly."
