"Stylish apartment with free parking spot, with two modern bedrooms for 2-4 persons. There is a private bathroom in one room and  a kitchenette in the other room with a small fridge and coffee -and tea facilities. Most guests are families and visitors for the RAI. There are 2 bicycles available for free. Strictly non smoking!",This cosy and modern apartment is for four persons. There is only one bathroom. For all information:  (URL HIDDEN)  'the house of finer'  is situated across from the Amsterdam Convention Centre RAI and the gorgeous Beatrixpark. The B&B is appropriate for visitors that go to conventions and fairs in the RAI but and also for guests who come by car to Amsterdam but decide to go into town by bike or tram.  This holiday B&B rental is only two minutes from the highway A10 and fifteen minutes from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Included in the price is free parking of one car.,"Stylish apartment with free parking spot, with two modern bedrooms for 2-4 persons. There is a private bathroom in one room and  a kitchenette in the other room with a small fridge and coffee -and tea facilities. Most guests are families and visitors for the RAI. There are 2 bicycles available for free. Strictly non smoking! This cosy and modern apartment is for four persons. There is only one bathroom. For all information:  (URL HIDDEN)  'the house of finer'  is situated across from the Amsterdam Convention Centre RAI and the gorgeous Beatrixpark. The B&B is appropriate for visitors that go to conventions and fairs in the RAI but and also for guests who come by car to Amsterdam but decide to go into town by bike or tram.  This holiday B&B rental is only two minutes from the highway A10 and fifteen minutes from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Included in the price is free parking of one car. There are 2 rooms in the apartment with a hallway in between. Both rooms have garden view. One room","'the house of finer'  is situated next to the gorgeous Beatrixpark, the Amsterdam Convention Centre RAI and de Maasstraat with all kinds of restaurants and shops.",This holiday B&B rental is only two minutes from the highway A10 and fifteen minutes from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Included in the price is free parking of one car and there are 2 bikes which can be used. (€100 deposit) The tram is at 5 minutes walk and it takes 7 minutes to go into the centre. A nice walk to the city centre is 15 minutes.,"Conditions 2016 The minimum stay requirement is two nights. Prices for:  1 room € 135 plus 5% tourist tax. (high season € 175 plus 5% tourist tax High Season dates: April 15-24  Easter Holidays April 26- May 8  Kingsday and Ascension day (may-holiday) May 16-17 PLMA, RAI August 04-07  Canal Parade  September 08 - 12    IBC Conference, RAI    December 24 - Jan 08  2017 Christmas Holiday 2017 Rates are inclusive of all applicable taxes except 5% tourist tax. Rates and conditions may change without notice."
