"Nestled in the upcoming Amsterdam wood harbor is this unique and 100% private captains house. Just outside the center to escape the crowd but yet close enough to dive in when you feel like. With a comfortable double bed in a separate bedroom, a modern bathroom, living area with sofa bed, central heating,  fireplace, fully equipped kitchen and the crown jewel the wheelhouse and roof terrace with views across the harbor you might almost forget to head into the city.","Highlights: - Historical city center 10 minutes bike ride - Anne Frank House 15 minute bike ride - Bus 10 x per hour (5-minute walk to the bus stop) - Private entrance, bathroom and roof terrace - Bikes ready for use (no extra costs) - Fireplace (and central heating) - Superb 360 view The wood harbor has a lot to offer but is still not too much discovered so you will mostly be surrounded by locals. From a lot of restaurants and bars, second- hand clothes and market till Museum Het Schip that will show you how we lived in very small houses back in the days. The area we live in is being developed during workdays. The evenings and weekends are quiet and relaxed.","Nestled in the upcoming Amsterdam wood harbor is this unique and 100% private captains house. Just outside the center to escape the crowd but yet close enough to dive in when you feel like. With a comfortable double bed in a separate bedroom, a modern bathroom, living area with sofa bed, central heating,  fireplace, fully equipped kitchen and the crown jewel the wheelhouse and roof terrace with views across the harbor you might almost forget to head into the city. Highlights: - Historical city center 10 minutes bike ride - Anne Frank House 15 minute bike ride - Bus 10 x per hour (5-minute walk to the bus stop) - Private entrance, bathroom and roof terrace - Bikes ready for use (no extra costs) - Fireplace (and central heating) - Superb 360 view The wood harbor has a lot to offer but is still not too much discovered so you will mostly be surrounded by locals. From a lot of restaurants and bars, second- hand clothes and market till Museum Het Schip that will show you how we lived in very","The Houthavens used to be the wood shipping harbour of Amsterdam. Seven artificial, car-free peninsulas have been created in the former harbour, resulting in a comb structure lined by buildings of max. 4-5 storeys. The area will be 100% climate neutral.",,"Enjoy the apartment it as your own. We would like to ask you not to smoke inside and treat the place and the surroundings with some respect.  The apartment functions just like a regular house (central heating, toilet, shower) only the with a much better view."
