"THE APARTMENT  The title (almost) says it all! It's a bright, stylish 2-bedroom apartment with an amazing canal view in the heart of Amsterdam! It's located in the trendy Oud-West area near the city center and also suitable for a couple with a baby.","The apartment is located on the second floor and measures 860 square feet (or 80 square meters). The beautiful thing about the apartment is that it's very light during the day thanks to the wide windows in the living room. The apartment is also suitable for a couple with baby/infant. * Double bed in master bedroom * Queen size airbed for an adult/kid + baby cot and changing table in the second room * 3 balconies! in the living room overlooking the canal and in each bedroom with afternoon sun!  * Free Wifi  * Big flatscreen TV  * Open kitchen  * Nice bathroom with a large rain shower and a big bathtub (soap, shampoo, hairdryer and towels are available)  * Washing machine and dryer available Because the apartment is on the second floor and no elevator is available, it is not accesssible for wheelchairs. Smoking is allowed on one of the balconies. I will reply to your airbnb message within 24 hours. Bordered by Vondelpark on one side and De Clercqstraat on the other, Oud-West is a neighbo","THE APARTMENT  The title (almost) says it all! It's a bright, stylish 2-bedroom apartment with an amazing canal view in the heart of Amsterdam! It's located in the trendy Oud-West area near the city center and also suitable for a couple with a baby. The apartment is located on the second floor and measures 860 square feet (or 80 square meters). The beautiful thing about the apartment is that it's very light during the day thanks to the wide windows in the living room. The apartment is also suitable for a couple with baby/infant. * Double bed in master bedroom * Queen size airbed for an adult/kid + baby cot and changing table in the second room * 3 balconies! in the living room overlooking the canal and in each bedroom with afternoon sun!  * Free Wifi  * Big flatscreen TV  * Open kitchen  * Nice bathroom with a large rain shower and a big bathtub (soap, shampoo, hairdryer and towels are available)  * Washing machine and dryer available Because the apartment is on the second floor and no","Bordered by Vondelpark on one side and De Clercqstraat on the other, Oud-West is a neighborhood near the center with a lot of restaurants, bars shops, etc. It's not 'too touristy' and you can get a taste of the real Amsterdam, yet all the famous attractions are right around the corner! Just some steps away from the apartment, there are numerous café's and restaurants such as Louter, Fier, Barspek, where you can enjoy nice food in a sunny terrace. Albert Heijn (supermarket) is only 3 minutes walk!","Popular places like Leidseplein, Vondelpark, Museumplein and the Jordaan are within walking distance. Public transport is excellent; many trams and buses stop around the corner so you can go everywhere easily incl. to numerous train stations. However the easiest way for getting around is by bike. A 5-min bike ride takes you to, for instance, Anne Frank House or Vondelpark. Closeby tram stops: - Tram 3/12: to Museumplein e.g. Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum (5 mins) - Tram 13: to Anne Frank House and Jordaan (3 mins), Dam Square (5 mins) and Central Station (10 mins) - Tram 14: to Rembrandtplein (8 mins)","No pets, smoking only allowed on the balcony. Other than that, just be a good guest and act like it's your home. Bring your good mood too to enjoy this great city."
