"A former store, which results in a spacious apartment on the ground floor with huge windows. Lots of light and well designed. The location is perfect; close to a lot of nice restaurants, bars and ofcourse the Vondelpark! The city centre is easy to reach by bike or tram, all within 15 minutes.","This spacious (60 sq meters) and light house is located in a quite neighbourhood, but within walking distance of many hotspots and the Vondelpark. There is a tram stop just around the corner, which takes you to the Jordaan, Dam square and Leidseplein, all in just 10 minutes. When you enter the apartment, you're immediately in the living room (30 sq. meters) with a big open kitchen. At the back of the house you can find the bedroom, with a nice boxspring of 1.60 m width. In the hallway you can find a toilet, bathroom (with a big sink for two) and a stowage with a washer. At the front of the house (located at the south) there is a picknick tabel (not shown on pictures) where you can enjoy the sun. The kitchen is well equipped with a big fridge, a combi microwave/oven, dishwasher and a expresso machine. Important note: We have 2 cats. You have to be a cat lover to stay in this house! Overview: Vondelpark within 5 minutes walking distance. Leidseplein, tram will take you there in 5 minutes","A former store, which results in a spacious apartment on the ground floor with huge windows. Lots of light and well designed. The location is perfect; close to a lot of nice restaurants, bars and ofcourse the Vondelpark! The city centre is easy to reach by bike or tram, all within 15 minutes. This spacious (60 sq meters) and light house is located in a quite neighbourhood, but within walking distance of many hotspots and the Vondelpark. There is a tram stop just around the corner, which takes you to the Jordaan, Dam square and Leidseplein, all in just 10 minutes. When you enter the apartment, you're immediately in the living room (30 sq. meters) with a big open kitchen. At the back of the house you can find the bedroom, with a nice boxspring of 1.60 m width. In the hallway you can find a toilet, bathroom (with a big sink for two) and a stowage with a washer. At the front of the house (located at the south) there is a picknick tabel (not shown on pictures) where you can enjoy the sun. T","This part of Old West is quite, but very near to the Vondelpark, Overtoom and Kinkerstraat. By tram, you can be at the Westerpark, Jordaan and Leidseplein in a few minutes. This part of Amsterdam is upcoming so you can find a lot of new bars and concept stores!",You can always park the car in the street. There are several trams stopping around the corner and the train station (Lelylaan) is not far.,It is not allowed to throw any parties in this house.
