DUE TO TECHNICAL PROBLEMS WE WEREN'T ABLE TO REPLY AS WE USUALLY WOULD. THEREFORE OUR RESPONSE RATE IS ABNORMALLY LOW. PROBLEM NOW FIXED. Embed yourself in our spacious 2 bedroom corner apartment in Amsterdam's historic centre. Laid back luxury overlooking Amsterdam's fabled East Indies Spice Dock,"A grade A listed monument, our building was a shipping-line headquarters built in 1902 as a gleaming new landmark heralding  the age of steam, but the companies origins went back to the 1600's and the spice trade.  With wrap-around windows, 4 metre (13ft) ceilings and panoramic views over the Old Dock of Amsterdam and neighbouring Dutch East India Company spice warehouses, there's a gentle wow factor to the Apt when you walk in...","DUE TO TECHNICAL PROBLEMS WE WEREN'T ABLE TO REPLY AS WE USUALLY WOULD. THEREFORE OUR RESPONSE RATE IS ABNORMALLY LOW. PROBLEM NOW FIXED. Embed yourself in our spacious 2 bedroom corner apartment in Amsterdam's historic centre. Laid back luxury overlooking Amsterdam's fabled East Indies Spice Dock A grade A listed monument, our building was a shipping-line headquarters built in 1902 as a gleaming new landmark heralding  the age of steam, but the companies origins went back to the 1600's and the spice trade.  With wrap-around windows, 4 metre (13ft) ceilings and panoramic views over the Old Dock of Amsterdam and neighbouring Dutch East India Company spice warehouses, there's a gentle wow factor to the Apt when you walk in... Living North & West facing living area overlooks 180 degrees of the Old Dock from Central station to the Maritime Museum. Bose sound system with iPhone / iPad connectivity delivers sounds. Dining Adjoining the living area with half- open kitchen, our dining room sea","Location  The apartment is VERY central, in sight of Amsterdam Centraal   station with easy walking  to Dam Square, Waterlooplein flea market, The Opera House The Red-light district, Museums, (The Hermitage, Nemo, The Naval Museum, The Jewish Historical Museum, The Handbag Museum (yes...) Rembrandt's House , and the must-see EYE Film Museum only a 2 minute ferry ride from central station ) The cities signature canals radiate outwards crammed with restaurants, unique shops, cafes and bars ranging from pricey to dicey and everything in between.... Amsterdam's legendary liberal lifestyle and culture is alive and well and on your doorstep.","Getting Here: Taxi /Uber - 20-30 minutes from Airport outside rush hours (then you should allow 40-50 Minutes) Train: Amsterdam Central Station has direct rail link to Schiphol airport every 10-15 minutes; journey time approx 17 minutes. All international trains also arrive at Amsterdam CS. 6 minutes on foot from the station you reach our door. Bus: Buses run in front of our building to and from Central Station. Metro & Tram: Trams and Metro are only a short walk away at both Central Station, The Nieuwemarkt and Waterlooplein.  Car: The apt is located 100 metres from the entrance to the ""IJ Tunnel"" which provides direct highway connection to the city ring road and all freeways. Parking can be found in nearby parking buildings. Bike Rentals are available all around - but lock and park in the racks outside please - our neighbours are really nice but bike space inside is one thing they're also really strict about.","The apartment is very well insulated for sound but but still please consider neighbours when playing music late at night, and coming and going in the hallways."
