Welcome to our lovely home! You've come to the right place to experience Amsterdam as it is - a stylish family home in a lovely neighboorhood in Amsterdam City Center.,"We offer a child friendly home (120ft²) that easily accomodates 3 adults and 3 children, or a maximum of 4 adults.  Our house is on the ground floor so easy accessible. The entire appartment is quite large and consists of two floors. Please note we have steep stairs, as most Amsterdam houses. You will have the whole home to yourself. On the ground floor is a toilet, large living room with a fireplace and open kitchen with a large family table with place for six adults. One children chair available.  Upstairs is the master bedroom with one double bed. There are three children's bedrooms, two of them with a double beds (high sleepers - and adult can not sit up straight in these beds!) and one child room with a single adult size high sleeper. In this bed it is no problem to sit up straight for an adult. There is also a bathroom with toilet, shower and bath upstairs. We have a small but lovely garden where you can enjoy the afternoon sunshine or have dinner outside. In the morning the suns","Welcome to our lovely home! You've come to the right place to experience Amsterdam as it is - a stylish family home in a lovely neighboorhood in Amsterdam City Center. We offer a child friendly home (120ft²) that easily accomodates 3 adults and 3 children, or a maximum of 4 adults.  Our house is on the ground floor so easy accessible. The entire appartment is quite large and consists of two floors. Please note we have steep stairs, as most Amsterdam houses. You will have the whole home to yourself. On the ground floor is a toilet, large living room with a fireplace and open kitchen with a large family table with place for six adults. One children chair available.  Upstairs is the master bedroom with one double bed. There are three children's bedrooms, two of them with a double beds (high sleepers - and adult can not sit up straight in these beds!) and one child room with a single adult size high sleeper. In this bed it is no problem to sit up straight for an adult. There is also a bath","THE NEIGHBORHOOD: We are in the city centre in a quiet neighbourhood (Helmersbuurt). The neighbourhood is very popular and known for its nice bars, restaurants and plenty of facilities for families with children. Recently new (coffee) bars have been opened around the corner and across the street is one of the best bakeries in Amsterdam; 't Vlaams Broodhuys. We are in walking distance from the Vondelpark (famous its quiet places, great terraces and free concerts) with and many other attractions such as the museum square, Leidse Square, Jordaan, the famous 'negen straatjes' and pop venue Paradiso. The high class PC Hooftstraat shopping street is also in walking distance.  Paid parking space is widely available in our street. There are several supermarkets (discount, organic and 'normal') in our area, all within a three minutes walk. You can take a 10 min bike ride (or just one of the trams close to our home) to the Albert Cuip Market or the Dam Square and walk to the Anne Frank House and","GETTING AROUND: Our home is very close to public transport (tram 3, 12 and 1 on the doorstep - all other available from Leidseplein which is a 5 minute walk). If you want to expand your Amsterdam experience, rent a bike at one of the two shops available in walking distance (3 min). It takes approx. 20 minutes to get to the Airport by taxi and 35 minutes with public transport. We would love to offer you the perfect base for a great holiday!","- NO DRUGS allowed - No smoking in the house, but feel free to use the garden - for cigarettes only. No smoking joints in the garden as well. Smoking in the house or smoking drugs in the garden will result in a non-refundable deposit."
