"A beautiful, stylish 2-4 person bedroom ( 25m2 ) in spacious ""loft feel"" house (180m2) in the centre of Amsterdam, a characteristic Amsterdam 2 floor apartment, build in 1890's. Kitchen, living and bathroom, toilets and terrace are shared with owner","A beautiful, stylish room in spacious house in the centre of Amsterdam, 2 floors of a characteristic Amsterdam Canal House build in 1886. You'll be renting this big room, consisting actually of 2 rooms/spaces divided by sliding doors with glass window, with a double bed in the dark part / room (see pictures) and in the bright part of the space a sofa, which can be changed into a bed in case of more than 2 people.   I am living in this house and we will share livingroom, kitchen, bathroom / toilets.  Bright spacious living (70m2) with fireplace. Wonderful view over the ‘Singelgracht’- canal. Fully equipped modern half-open kitchen with stove, oven, fridge, dishwasher. No magnetron. 40m2 terras , were the sun shines in summertime from 2-6 pm.  Guest-bedroom en suite (25- 50m2) with a double bed.( You'll be sleeping in this room)  Wireless internet. LGBT friendly. No pets. Washing-machine and dryer available.","A beautiful, stylish 2-4 person bedroom ( 25m2 ) in spacious ""loft feel"" house (180m2) in the centre of Amsterdam, a characteristic Amsterdam 2 floor apartment, build in 1890's. Kitchen, living and bathroom, toilets and terrace are shared with owner A beautiful, stylish room in spacious house in the centre of Amsterdam, 2 floors of a characteristic Amsterdam Canal House build in 1886. You'll be renting this big room, consisting actually of 2 rooms/spaces divided by sliding doors with glass window, with a double bed in the dark part / room (see pictures) and in the bright part of the space a sofa, which can be changed into a bed in case of more than 2 people.   I am living in this house and we will share livingroom, kitchen, bathroom / toilets.  Bright spacious living (70m2) with fireplace. Wonderful view over the ‘Singelgracht’- canal. Fully equipped modern half-open kitchen with stove, oven, fridge, dishwasher. No magnetron. 40m2 terras , were the sun shines in summertime from 2-6 pm.","Nassaukade is a long street in Centre / West Amsterdam, on the banks of the canal between the Nassau Square and the Overtoom. My house is near Overtoom / Leidseplein. The Nassaukade makes with the line located Stadhouderskade and Mauritskade part of the s100, the Amsterdam inner ring. Lots of nice bars and restaurants around.  The sea is nearby, Zandvoort is easily reached by train (20 min) or by bus 80 from nearby Busstation Marnixxtraat (60 min), Bloemendaal is only 30 minutes by car. Not only the beaches are great but also the surrounding area with the sanddunes are great for walking- or cycling tours. (Bicycles can easily be rented.) South of Zandvoort there are the Amsterdamse Waterleidingduinen, a beautiful nature reserve. And 3 kilometers further north, IJmuiden is a favourite spot for kite-surfers. •Everywhere you want to go in walking distance! Walking distance to Vondelpark (5 minutes), to Leidsplein (5 minutes), to Jordaan (5 minutes), to Museum district (10 minutes), to the","• Access to and from Schiphol in 20 minutes by bus, train or taxi  • Amsterdam Central Train Station is 15 minutes by tram (tram 1 or 17) and bus or 30 minutes walking. • Paid parking outside in front of the house and Q-parking Building at Marnixstraat nearby. Parking in front of the house is possible although expensive. 9am - 0am 4 euro's/hour Day-ticket  9am - 7pm 24 euro's Evening-ticket 7 pm- 0 am 16 euro's 24hours ticket 36 euro's Sunday free parking You can decide to park further way at places the call Park&Ride (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN) Online parking tickets: (URL HIDDEN)","No smoking of joints on the terrace. Think about my neighbors. The have been complaints of the smell. No Smoking Inside, but you can smoke outside. No loud music in and outside. No loud talking on the terrace after 10 pm. Please keep kitchen clean and put dirty dishes in the dishwasher. Please be careful with marble table; don't put warm cups and pans on the table, always use cotton under layer. No more than 4 persons sleeping. No shoes on the carpet While taking a shower, put on the exhauster. Light off when you leave the house Lower the heating"
