,"Stylish and cosy 2 room appartment in the center  of Amsterdam! Only a 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark, the Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijks-museums, Concertgebouw, Leidseplein and the Canal Belt. This convenient and comfortably furnished 2 room apartment (55m2) is perfectly located on the border of the Jordaan neighbourhood and Old West. It has 1 bedroom and a large living-room & kitchen.  The kitchen is perfectly equipped with everything you need (fridge, microwave, kitchen utensils) and there is a large dining table with 4 chairs. Relax in the inviting sitting area with TV and DVD, wireless internet.  The peaceful bedroom with double bed is very quiet at the back of the apartment for a restful sleep. There is no washing machine, but there's a laundry 20m from the apartment.   The location is very convenient as you can walk everywhere.  Tired of walking? There are also tram stops to all corners of the city right in front of the apartment. 100m away there is a bike rental shop called Bik","Stylish and cosy 2 room appartment in the center  of Amsterdam! Only a 5 minute walk to the Vondelpark, the Van Gogh, Stedelijk and Rijks-museums, Concertgebouw, Leidseplein and the Canal Belt. This convenient and comfortably furnished 2 room apartment (55m2) is perfectly located on the border of the Jordaan neighbourhood and Old West. It has 1 bedroom and a large living-room & kitchen.  The kitchen is perfectly equipped with everything you need (fridge, microwave, kitchen utensils) and there is a large dining table with 4 chairs. Relax in the inviting sitting area with TV and DVD, wireless internet.  The peaceful bedroom with double bed is very quiet at the back of the apartment for a restful sleep. There is no washing machine, but there's a laundry 20m from the apartment.   The location is very convenient as you can walk everywhere.  Tired of walking? There are also tram stops to all corners of the city right in front of the apartment. 100m away there is a bike rental shop called Bik",,,
