"Quiet child friendly area.  Spacious sidewalk with a private terrace in front. Located next to entrance the famous Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Great parking, Car2Go, Green wheels and bicycle rentals next door. Surrounded by wonderful typical Amsterdam cafes and restaurants. Comfortable home, 4 levels:  Basement: PlayStation & TV & washer/dryer combi Ground level: Living & Kitchen & Toilet & Small private garden 1st floor: 2 bedr (1 with private bathroom)  2nd floor: 2bedr and bathroom","Have kids (no babies unless you are travelling with a baby bed) and want to spend time with your familiy in Amsterdam this Holiday? You've found the best place. Located in a quiet area next to the entrance of the famous Vondelpark and al lot of nice cafe's and restaurants. There is an extra TV room in de basement with a toys and movies for the kids.  Departing the Vondelpark on the other side you're in the hart of Amsterdam, at the Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, a great shopping area and the brand new Conservatorium Hotel, nice for lunch or a drink.","Quiet child friendly area.  Spacious sidewalk with a private terrace in front. Located next to entrance the famous Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Great parking, Car2Go, Green wheels and bicycle rentals next door. Surrounded by wonderful typical Amsterdam cafes and restaurants. Comfortable home, 4 levels:  Basement: PlayStation & TV & washer/dryer combi Ground level: Living & Kitchen & Toilet & Small private garden 1st floor: 2 bedr (1 with private bathroom)  2nd floor: 2bedr and bathroom Have kids (no babies unless you are travelling with a baby bed) and want to spend time with your familiy in Amsterdam this Holiday? You've found the best place. Located in a quiet area next to the entrance of the famous Vondelpark and al lot of nice cafe's and restaurants. There is an extra TV room in de basement with a toys and movies for the kids.  Departing the Vondelpark on the other side you're in the hart of Amsterdam, at the Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, a great shopping ",,,"Leave our home behind in as much as the same state as you found it. At arrival the beds are made with clean sheets. You can leave them on when you leave. Please leave dirty dishes in the dish washer. That's about it.  You can use toys, TV, internet, readings as much as you like."
