,"Dear guest, please make sure you read the whole description. This is a private room and not a whole apartment. Of course you can use the whole apartment, but apart from the private room, you will share it with me :-). THE ROOMS: I let 2 private rooms on the top floor of my apartment. The beautiful thing about the rooms is that they still shows authentic style details from the 1900 era (see pictures). Although I have 2 private rooms, I will only accept 1 party at the time. There will be no other guests during your stay. The first room is big and has a double bed. The second room is small and has a single bed only. So if your party consists of three people, two of you can stay in the big room and the other can stay in the small room. If there is only two of you, but you do not want to share the bed, you can sleep in two different rooms as well. In that case I will charge 30 Euro for the use of the second room. Please send me an inquiry if you would like to use this option so I will be ab","Dear guest, please make sure you read the whole description. This is a private room and not a whole apartment. Of course you can use the whole apartment, but apart from the private room, you will share it with me :-). THE ROOMS: I let 2 private rooms on the top floor of my apartment. The beautiful thing about the rooms is that they still shows authentic style details from the 1900 era (see pictures). Although I have 2 private rooms, I will only accept 1 party at the time. There will be no other guests during your stay. The first room is big and has a double bed. The second room is small and has a single bed only. So if your party consists of three people, two of you can stay in the big room and the other can stay in the small room. If there is only two of you, but you do not want to share the bed, you can sleep in two different rooms as well. In that case I will charge 30 Euro for the use of the second room. Please send me an inquiry if you would like to use this option so I will be ab","THE LOCATION: Right on the edge of Amsterdam Old-West. This means that it's a 5 minutes’ walk to Jordaan District, one of the hot spots of Amsterdam. Anne Frank House is only 10 minutes away and Dam Square only 15 (all by foot). Furthermore Leidseplein Entertainment Area is a 12 minutes’ walk. Right in front of the apartment there are 4 tram lines that take you to all sights in the city. Direct lines will take you to for example: - Artis Zoo - Museum District with Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum or the recently re-opened Municipal Museum of modern art - Albert Cuyp Market - Red Light District - Rembrandtplein Entertainment Area - Dam Square - Anne Frank House - Vondelpark - Several theatres - 9 Straatjes (9 little streets) for shopping Within a range of 150 meters there is a supermarket, Turkish bakery and a fresh fruit and vegetables stand. Bike rental is less than 2 minutes away and of course travelling by bike is the Amsterdam way! You should try this at least once.","Amsterdam is not a very big city. Most sites are within walking distance, up to 20 minutes. There is a great grid of tram lines that literally take you everywhere within Amsterdam. 4 Of these lines have a stop right in front of my apartment. As a visitor, you can use a day ticket or multi-day ticket (up to 7 days) for unlimited travel by tram and subway. I can help you buying one. Amsterdam is a great city for biking, as long as you adapt to the local habits :). Upon your arrival I can help you renting a bike. The city of Amsterdam has arranged for a parking system for visitors that allows you to park your car ourside of the city center and travel further using public transportation. Please get in touch with me for further details.","I do not have strict rules. You may arrive and leave at any conveniant time. Apart from the private room, all other rooms, including kitchen and bathroom are shared with me and my fat cat. You may use my kitchen and bathroom and living at any time. Smoking is allowed on one of the balconies. Breakfast is not included in the price. Apart from this, please do not be loud at the staircases, since I share these with my downstair neighbours. Just be a good guest :-)."
