"Fully renovated, beautiful, spacious, light modern apartment, 60m2 completely furnished, situated on the groundfloor with small garden in a trendy + central area of Amsterdam next to Vondelpark and Leidseplein","The Recently redecorated completely furnished property has 1 big livingroom including open kitchen, 1 open sleeping room.  The apartment features:  - Open kitchen with all appliances  - Dishwasher  - Oven  - Fridge and freezer  - Washing machine  - Separate Bathroom  - Extra small room used as walking closet  - Wifi, TV and cable  ","Fully renovated, beautiful, spacious, light modern apartment, 60m2 completely furnished, situated on the groundfloor with small garden in a trendy + central area of Amsterdam next to Vondelpark and Leidseplein The Recently redecorated completely furnished property has 1 big livingroom including open kitchen, 1 open sleeping room.  The apartment features:  - Open kitchen with all appliances  - Dishwasher  - Oven  - Fridge and freezer  - Washing machine  - Separate Bathroom  - Extra small room used as walking closet  - Wifi, TV and cable  You can make yourself at home, using the whole apartment NON-SMOKING apartment This property is located 2 minutes from Vondelpark and Leidseplein. Oud West / Helmerbuurt is a very lively and popular area that offers many bars and restaurants.  From the nearby Leidseplein you can connect to all trams that take you into different directions from the city.",This property is located 2 minutes from Vondelpark and Leidseplein. Oud West / Helmerbuurt is a very lively and popular area that offers many bars and restaurants. ,From the nearby Leidseplein you can connect to all trams that take you into different directions from the city.,"It is a non-smoking apartment. And I Would like you to feel at home and look After the place as if It were your own. It is very much my home so I welcome responsible people, who are happy to be here. I am always reachable for any questions. Please note that there are neighbours, so please be quieter after 10 pm. Also be careful if you turn up the sound system for listening to music. Please respect all things and people. No unruly or illegal behavior on entire property whatsoever."
