"This comfortable 55sqm apartment with veranda and garden has a true cosy feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street. Next to a park, near everything you need! There is a private garden & lovely terrace. The perfect place to relax:) Our 2 kittens will keep you company during your stay!","KITCHEN The spacious kitchen has all the supplies to make your breakfast or to cook a meal. There is a large dining table, washing machine and dishwasher you can use. LIVING ROOM The living room has a big comfortable couch to relax. You can watch you favorite series at netflix THE BATHROOM The bathroom is recently renewed THE BEDROOM One bedroom with a very comfortable bed. A beamer is installed as well to have a Cinema experience THE  VERANDA & GARDEN The private garden/veranda has a lounge-set and big table. A perfect spot to relax after visiting the city","This comfortable 55sqm apartment with veranda and garden has a true cosy feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street. Next to a park, near everything you need! There is a private garden & lovely terrace. The perfect place to relax:) Our 2 kittens will keep you company during your stay! KITCHEN The spacious kitchen has all the supplies to make your breakfast or to cook a meal. There is a large dining table, washing machine and dishwasher you can use. LIVING ROOM The living room has a big comfortable couch to relax. You can watch you favorite series at netflix THE BATHROOM The bathroom is recently renewed THE BEDROOM One bedroom with a very comfortable bed. A beamer is installed as well to have a Cinema experience THE  VERANDA & GARDEN The private garden/veranda has a lounge-set and big table. A perfect spot to relax after visiting the city INCLUDES - private entry - free WIFI - apple tv & netflix  - use of public transport -OV chip cards- - use of 100% Am","The area is called ‘de baarsjes’. It is a very upcoming area with lots of nice little restaurants and bars. It is close to Amsterdams city centre - The just renovated and must see ""Hallen"" are a nearby (food/cinema/art) - there are sport facilities in the rembrandtpark - there are several yogaschools just around the corner - bike rental is available nearby","PUBLIC TRANSPORT You can reach the apartment very easy by public transport, a tram and busstop is located just around the corner - tram 17 to city centre / central station / station lelylaan - bus 15 to station zuid and sloterdijk station  city centre 10 mins airport 20 mins PARKING There are parking spots right in front of the house (paid parking). If you like to park your car safe and very cheap you can park at P&R Bos & Lommer or Sloterdijk",- Smoking only outside - No drugs allowed in the apartment - The apartment is located in a quiet area; please no loud noise/music 9PM-9AM - No outside guests
