"Modern, clean, one bedroom apartment in a good, safe neighborhood Westerpark, just outside busy Amsterdam centre. Park, cafe's, public transport are around the corner; 10-15min to Central Station, museums & sites. Short walk to Anne Frank House, Jordaan, canals. Perfect for a couple or a single traveler for business or leisure.","It's a light lovely apartment on the 2nd floor(European) in a typical Amsterdam style house (just renovated façade) with a sunny balcony (south). The house is built 1909, it's renovated but in many ways is still originally preserved for a true Amsterdam experience, with typical Amsterdam staircases. Note, no elevator, just the way we do it :).  Situated in a nice, hip & safe neighborhood just outside the busy center. The Westerpark(park) is just around the corner which is famous for cultural activities, concerts, lots of nice cafés, recreation.  I live here for many years and very happy with this positioning. Everything in the city is reachable by bike. Bike 5 min to Jordaan or about 15min a nice walk,  10-15min by tram or bus to Central Station or Museum square. Public transport is just around the corner with direct bus 21 connection to the Central Station and tram line 10 to Museum quarter/Rijksmuseum, Leidseplein, Vondelpark. Supermarket, service shops and a bike rent are few minute","Modern, clean, one bedroom apartment in a good, safe neighborhood Westerpark, just outside busy Amsterdam centre. Park, cafe's, public transport are around the corner; 10-15min to Central Station, museums & sites. Short walk to Anne Frank House, Jordaan, canals. Perfect for a couple or a single traveler for business or leisure. It's a light lovely apartment on the 2nd floor(European) in a typical Amsterdam style house (just renovated façade) with a sunny balcony (south). The house is built 1909, it's renovated but in many ways is still originally preserved for a true Amsterdam experience, with typical Amsterdam staircases. Note, no elevator, just the way we do it :).  Situated in a nice, hip & safe neighborhood just outside the busy center. The Westerpark(park) is just around the corner which is famous for cultural activities, concerts, lots of nice cafés, recreation.  I live here for many years and very happy with this positioning. Everything in the city is reachable by bike. Bike 5 m","Anne Frank House, Jordaan, canals, Westerpark","Public transport is just around the corner with direct bus 21 connection to the Central Station and tram line 10 to Museum quarter/Rijksmuseum, Leidseplein, Vondelpark. Supermarket, service shops and a bike rent are few minutes walk.  Everything in the city is reachable by bike as well. Bike 5 min to Jordaan or about 15min a nice walk,  10-15min by tram or bus to Central Station or Museum square.","Please treat my house neatly, respect the neighbours and the local rules.  No party, hard music, drugs or smoking are allowed. Please take care of the noise after midnight hours. Though I love animals, still not no animals are allowed in the apartment due to the sensitive furniture etc…  THANK YOU!"
