- trendy 1- bedroom apartment - grand kitchen - clean and well maintained - large bathroom with jacuzzi  - situated along a canal - in popular Old -West district - walking distance from city centre - cosy restaurants around the corner,"The perfect location for a small group (2-4 persons). The apartment is 90 sqm and has two bedrooms.   The apartment is well maintained, clean and could be described as modern but cozy. The living room is exposed to lots of daylight. Over the whole width there are windows and you look out over one of Amsterdam's canals. In the living room you will find a relaxed sofa to chill on, a 6 seater dining table and a large open kitchen. The living has a small balcony where you can enjoy the morning sun.  In the back you will find the bedrooms. In the main bedroom there is a luxurious double Eastbourne bed.  It also has a little balcony with sun in the afternoon. The second bedroom has a comfy double inflatable bed.  Behind the two treasures of the house: the huge bathroom. The bathroom has a jacuzzi, the best shower in Amsterdam, a double washbasin and a toilet. Another separate toilet you will find in the hallway. Here you will also find a washing and drying machine.","- trendy 1- bedroom apartment - grand kitchen - clean and well maintained - large bathroom with jacuzzi  - situated along a canal - in popular Old -West district - walking distance from city centre - cosy restaurants around the corner The perfect location for a small group (2-4 persons). The apartment is 90 sqm and has two bedrooms.   The apartment is well maintained, clean and could be described as modern but cozy. The living room is exposed to lots of daylight. Over the whole width there are windows and you look out over one of Amsterdam's canals. In the living room you will find a relaxed sofa to chill on, a 6 seater dining table and a large open kitchen. The living has a small balcony where you can enjoy the morning sun.  In the back you will find the bedrooms. In the main bedroom there is a luxurious double Eastbourne bed.  It also has a little balcony with sun in the afternoon. The second bedroom has a comfy double inflatable bed.  Behind the two treasures of the house: the huge ","Oud West is a very cosy and popular neighborhood. Nice little restaurants pop up every week and there are many good bars to hang out. Most recent example is 'the Foodhallen', a very trendy foodmarket which got broad international press coverage. Famous in the neighborhood is also the Ten Katemarkt. This daily market is true Amsterdam folklore. Get your best local food here! Oud West is situated next to The Jordaan and squeezed in between the Vondelpark and the Erasmuspark.","50 meters from the front door there is a tram stop. Lines 12,13,14 and 3 will take you into different directions and within 5 minutes you will arrive at: Dam Square, 9 streets fashion district, The Anne Frank House, Vondelpark, P.C.Hooftstraat and Leidseplein. Walking, all the venues mentioned above take no longer than a 15 minute walk.","We love our city and we love our place. And we treat it with love. We expect that you treat our apartment with respect as well.  Besides from that a couple rules: - no smoking inside - keep the noise down. We live in a block with young families, so we look after each other. After 11 we have the agreement to not play loud music, throw parties and to simply not be loud."
