,"SunFlower is a sunny Bed & Breakfast situated on the third floor in a quiet street in Amsterdam Centre.  The room has a double bed (190 x 210 cms; 75 x 83""), private shower and toilet.  In the room you will find a toaster, electric kettle, a stove pot espresso maker, micro wave, small fridge and coffee, tea, juice, dutch cheese, butter, etc., in other words all that will make your stay pleasant.  All bed linen and bath towels are provided. WiFi of course and free bikes as well!!!  For your daily food needs (also attractive clothes boutiques), the famous and local Albert Cuyp Market is around the corner. Several Organic food stores are at 500 meters distance, and every monday morning -at 300 meters away- you can visit a flower market known and visited only by locals.  Our homely Bed & Breakfast is located in between the main museums (Van Gogh, Hermitage and Rijksmuseum). The Rembrandtsplein, Leidseplein, the theaters and the historic canal area, all is within walking distance. However y","SunFlower is a sunny Bed & Breakfast situated on the third floor in a quiet street in Amsterdam Centre.  The room has a double bed (190 x 210 cms; 75 x 83""), private shower and toilet.  In the room you will find a toaster, electric kettle, a stove pot espresso maker, micro wave, small fridge and coffee, tea, juice, dutch cheese, butter, etc., in other words all that will make your stay pleasant.  All bed linen and bath towels are provided. WiFi of course and free bikes as well!!!  For your daily food needs (also attractive clothes boutiques), the famous and local Albert Cuyp Market is around the corner. Several Organic food stores are at 500 meters distance, and every monday morning -at 300 meters away- you can visit a flower market known and visited only by locals.  Our homely Bed & Breakfast is located in between the main museums (Van Gogh, Hermitage and Rijksmuseum). The Rembrandtsplein, Leidseplein, the theaters and the historic canal area, all is within walking distance. However y",,,"Most important rules are respect and enjoy: respect the room, respect the neighbours and enjoy your holidays.  And call us when you need help."
