Sunny two floor apartment in a peaceful area near the center. Looking for a spacious and green place to stay as a couple with or without children? Our recently renovated house has everything you need to enjoy a fantastic trip to Amsterdam. Quiet neighborhood with lots of greenery and open view from the house. Two balcony's to enjoy the sun. Public transport nearby. You are in the center of Amsterdam within 15 minutes by bike or tram. Close to Restaurant & Bar The Lobby (Hotel V).,"Two floor upper house with two balcony’s. Both balcony’s are located on the sunny side of each floor. On the first floor you will find the kitchen (fully equipped with fridge, dishwasher, oven and a Nespresso machine) the bathroom and a spacious children's room with one normal sized bed (200x 90) and a bedstead. On the second floor we have a sunny living room and a master bedroom, with a double bed (160x200 cm or 63x79 inch))  Our home offers unobstructed view and is situated in a quiet neighborhood near Amstel Station (7 minutes walk), from where you can travel to the city centre or places outside Amsterdam (train, bus, tram, metro nearby). Also available is wifi, washing machine, Nintendo Wii, children’s furniture and lots of toys.","Sunny two floor apartment in a peaceful area near the center. Looking for a spacious and green place to stay as a couple with or without children? Our recently renovated house has everything you need to enjoy a fantastic trip to Amsterdam. Quiet neighborhood with lots of greenery and open view from the house. Two balcony's to enjoy the sun. Public transport nearby. You are in the center of Amsterdam within 15 minutes by bike or tram. Close to Restaurant & Bar The Lobby (Hotel V). Two floor upper house with two balcony’s. Both balcony’s are located on the sunny side of each floor. On the first floor you will find the kitchen (fully equipped with fridge, dishwasher, oven and a Nespresso machine) the bathroom and a spacious children's room with one normal sized bed (200x 90) and a bedstead. On the second floor we have a sunny living room and a master bedroom, with a double bed (160x200 cm or 63x79 inch))  Our home offers unobstructed view and is situated in a quiet neighborhood near Amste","Quiet neighborhood with lots of greenery and open views from the house. A large playground around the corner. By public transport (or bike) you are in the center of Amsterdam within 10 to 15 minutes.  Also close to the Amstel where you can wander along the water and find lots of fine restaurants (Greek, Portugese, African and Dutch for example) Nearby places to eat are Restaurant Dauphine (in a old garage of Citroen) and just across the street, Hotel V The Lobby.  Amsteldorp is also nearby the “Pijp” (7 to 8 minutes by tram or bike), one of the most cosmopolitan and vibrant districts of Amsterdam.","Public transport around the corner. Located close to Amstel Station (a 7 minute walk) where you can take the train, metro, tram and bus. The ride in the metro or train to Amsterdam Central Station in also about 7 minutes. So within 15 minutes you will find yourself in Amsterdams historic and city center. Tram 12 for example, will bring you to the “Museum square"" and the famous “Albert Cuyp” market. There is parking in front of the house. Parking in Amsterdam is pretty expensive: a day ticket is 17.20 euros (Sunday is free).",U dient de kat eten te geven.
