"Welcome to our lovely apartment in the eastern part of Amsterdam! We offer you a spacious and quiet place only 6 minutes by public transport from Central Station. The 80 m2 apartment is spacious, has a quiet bedroom and much more…..","We welcome you at our very sunny and spacious apartment in a lovely street in the eastern part of Amsterdam. It has an open living room-ding room-kitchen with plenty of sunlight, a quiet bedroom and an extra room with a TV (with option for an extra mattress).  The apartment feels spacious and warm equipped with some stylish wooden furniture from the 60ies, cosy lighting and a modern kitchen equipped with dishwasher, oven, a large fridge, kitchem mixer. The most special feature are the two roof terraces facing south, so you can hang your washing out to dry on the left while enjoying a sundowner on the right. The apartment is situated in a beautiful area with an eclectic mix of bars and shops. Have a drink at Brewerij Ij, Studio-K or Badhuis Javalplein, stroll down Dappermarket, hop on a bike through Flevopark or Oosterpark or take the nearby train from Muiderpoortstation for a 6min ride to Centraal Station. Allergics be aware that when we're not away we have a small dog living in the ap","Welcome to our lovely apartment in the eastern part of Amsterdam! We offer you a spacious and quiet place only 6 minutes by public transport from Central Station. The 80 m2 apartment is spacious, has a quiet bedroom and much more….. We welcome you at our very sunny and spacious apartment in a lovely street in the eastern part of Amsterdam. It has an open living room-ding room-kitchen with plenty of sunlight, a quiet bedroom and an extra room with a TV (with option for an extra mattress).  The apartment feels spacious and warm equipped with some stylish wooden furniture from the 60ies, cosy lighting and a modern kitchen equipped with dishwasher, oven, a large fridge, kitchem mixer. The most special feature are the two roof terraces facing south, so you can hang your washing out to dry on the left while enjoying a sundowner on the right. The apartment is situated in a beautiful area with an eclectic mix of bars and shops. Have a drink at Brewerij Ij, Studio-K or Badhuis Javalplein, strol","(website hidden) Nice areas to visit are * museum square with the Van Gogh museum, RijksMuseum and Museum of Contemporary Art (Stedelijk Museum) We have some museum cards for you so you can visit for free. * Red light district, nearby Central Station and the Chinese District with nice restaurants. * Anne Frank house and the lovely neighborhood Jordaan. * NDSM, take the ferry from Amsterdam CS and go to the industrial and artistic neighbor hood in the nord of Amsterdam. Our house is in Amsterdam East, near to the Dappermarket and the Muiderpoort station where you can also rent a bike. Also a block away is the Tropical Museum.  In the Javastraat there are a lot of shops and small restaurant.",(website hidden)  From the airport you take a train from Schiphol to Station Muiderpoort (change at CS). It will take 34 minutes,"House Rules AIRBNB  1. Please treat the apartment as if it were your own apartment, and keep in mind you have neighbours. We have friendly neighbours downstairs and they are happy to help with any queries about the apartment and/or Amsterdam!  2. The apartment is a regular home and not an after hours club, so no big parties, no drugs, no loud music/TV, etc.  3. At time of departure: make sure the apartment is in the same state as when you arrived. 4. Smoking is not allowed in the apartment.( only on the roof terraces ;) 5. Drugs are not allowed in the apartment.  6. All keys must be returned upon departure  7. Guests must inform us of any defects in the apartment and damages that occur in the apartment.  You can use all the equipment in the kitchen and bathroom. Please be careful to always switch off the gas if you are planning to cook."
