"Beautiful, comfortable apartment for a perfect stay in Amsterdam (Westerpark). 700 meters from the Jordan, City Center. You can also walk to the Westerpark for being in nature. This apartment has a roof top from 42m2 with a barbecue.","I love my house, because there is a lot of light shining in my house, the roof is a bit higher then average, and in the summer I love my roof top from 42m2 where there is always sunshine and a beautiful city view! There is a Wifi connection with Airport Express so you can stream your music from your phone or laptop wireless. There are some small food-shops around the corner, you can also take a walk to nature in the Westerpark, witch is 5 min walk or walk to the Jordan, City Center. On Monday and Saturday there is a market with fresh food. I love the Saturday Market on the Westermarkt. The Westerstraat is also very nice with many good restaurants.  Roof Top: - Lounge set - Tap Water - Barbecue - Always sunshine - Electricity, so you can use your electric devices - Beautiful city view, north, east, south, west. The location of the apartment is perfect! It is only 5 minutes from the Anne frank house, 10 minutes from the dam square and 5 minutes form the canals.  My apartment is in the 'S","I love my house, because there is a lot of light shining in my house, the roof is a bit higher then average, and in the summer I love my roof top from 42m2 where there is always sunshine and a beautiful city view! There is a Wifi connection with Airport Express so you can stream your music from your phone or laptop wireless. There are some small food-shops around the corner, you can also take a walk to nature in the Westerpark, witch is 5 min walk or walk to the Jordan, City Center. On Monday and Saturday there is a market with fresh food. I love the Saturday Market on the Westermarkt. The Westerstraat is also very nice with many good restaurants.  Roof Top: - Lounge set - Tap Water - Barbecue - Always sunshine - Electricity, so you can use your electric devices - Beautiful city view, north, east, south, west. The location of the apartment is perfect! It is only 5 minutes from the Anne frank house, 10 minutes from the dam square and 5 minutes form the canals.  My apartment is in the 'S",,,I have a very good relationship with all my neighbours so please be gentle and don't put loud music on after 22:00.
