"This spacious, quiet and bright apartment on the border of vibrant Amsterdam-Oost/de Pijp is only a few minutes from the center of Amsterdam. With large sunny garden, trampoline, fire pit and BBQ, jacuzzi  and sauna (from sept 2018). Shops, restaurants, pubs and public transport within 2 minutes walking distance.","Dit ruime, rustige en lichte appartement op de grens van het bruisende Amsterdam-Oost/de Pijp, ligt op slechts enkele minuten van het centrum van Amsterdam. Met grote zonnige tuin, trampoline, barbecue en vuurkorf en hottub en sauna (vanaf sept 2018). Winkels en openbaar vervoer op loopafstand. Cet appartement spacieux, calme et lumineux, à la frontière de la conduite Amsterdam-Oost/de Pijp est à seulement quelques minutes du centre d'Amsterdam. Avec grand jardin ensoleillé, trampoline, bac à feu et barbecue. Commerces et transports en commun à distance de marche. This spacious, sunny ground floor apartment is very centrally located on the edge of the Centre / Pipe and Amsterdam Oost. You are within a few minutes in the bustling center of the city, but you can also enjoy the quiet, sunny garden, with fire pit BBQ and trampoline. The apartment has 2 bedrooms with 3 beds and 2 sofa beds in the living room. A total of 80 square meters. And 60 square meters garden with trampoline. An ideal","This spacious, quiet and bright apartment on the border of vibrant Amsterdam-Oost/de Pijp is only a few minutes from the center of Amsterdam. With large sunny garden, trampoline, fire pit and BBQ, jacuzzi  and sauna (from sept 2018). Shops, restaurants, pubs and public transport within 2 minutes walking distance. Dit ruime, rustige en lichte appartement op de grens van het bruisende Amsterdam-Oost/de Pijp, ligt op slechts enkele minuten van het centrum van Amsterdam. Met grote zonnige tuin, trampoline, barbecue en vuurkorf en hottub en sauna (vanaf sept 2018). Winkels en openbaar vervoer op loopafstand. Cet appartement spacieux, calme et lumineux, à la frontière de la conduite Amsterdam-Oost/de Pijp est à seulement quelques minutes du centre d'Amsterdam. Avec grand jardin ensoleillé, trampoline, bac à feu et barbecue. Commerces et transports en commun à distance de marche. This spacious, sunny ground floor apartment is very centrally located on the edge of the Centre / Pipe and Amsterd","With its central location, everything is within reach:  - Nice cafes and restaurants  - Shopping in de Pijp or the center of Amsterdam  - Only 5-10 minutes by bike to museums such as the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum Tropical Museum, Artis, Hortus Botanicus  - The cozy Albert Cuyp market, Sarphatiepark and Oosterpark are just 5 minutes away  - 3 minutes walk from the bustling Amstel / Weesperzijde Grâce à son emplacement central, tout est à portée de main:  - Cafés et restaurants  - Shopping dans la conduite ou le centre d'Amsterdam  - Seulement 5-10 minutes en vélo de musées comme le Rijksmuseum, le musée Van Gogh, Stedelijk Museum Musée Tropical, Artis, Hortus Botanicus  - Le marché Albert Cuyp confortable, Sarphatiepark et Oosterpark sont à seulement 5 minutes  - 3 minutes à pied du quartier animé Amstel / Weesperzijde Door de centrale ligging is alles binnen handbereik: - Leuke cafe's en restaurants  - Winkelen in de Pijp of het Centrum van Amsterdam - Slechts 5-10","Subway station at 3 minutes walk. Metro to Amsterdam Central: 8 minutes. Amsterdam Amstel station: 1 minute.  Ample parking.  Schiphol Airport is 20 minutes away by public transport. Station de métro à 3 minutes à pied. Gare Central Amsterdam: 8 minutes. Gare Amsterdam Amstel: 1 minute.  Vaste stationnement.  L'aéroport de Schiphol est à 20 minutes en transports en commun. Metrostation op 3 minuten lopen, reistijd naar Amsterdam Centraal: 8 minuten. Amsterdam Amstel station: 1 minuut.  Ruime parkeer gelegenheid. Schiphol airport op 20 minuten afstand met het OV.","In the house smoking or using drugs is prohibitid. It has been specially designed for families or at least for people who behave quietly, and make nothing broken. The house is not suitable for large groups of young people, students or partypeople. If you are, for example, 4 guys of 18-35 years, please don't even try to make a reservation, I'm really looking for families etc and older people. Dans la maison c'est interdit de fumer ou de consommer des drogues. Il a été spécialement conçu pour les familles ou au moins pour les personnes qui se comportent tranquillement, et faire rien de cassé. La maison n'est pas adaptée pour les grands groupes de jeunes. In het huis mag absoluut niet gerookt worden, of drugs gebruikt worden. Het huis is speciaal bedoeld voor gezinnen of in ieder geval voor mensen die zich rustig gedragen, en niets kapot maken. Het huis is niet geschikt voor grotere groepen jongeren."
