A nice bright and clean apartment on the characteristic Hoofdweg from Amsterdam.,"Enjoy the balcony with plenty of sunshine. Perfect for a morning breakfast or to enjoy a wine at sunset.  The spacious living room overlooks the historic Hoofdweg and has typical windows where the ´Amsterdam School Architecture´ is known for. The combination of antique and new furniture gives the house a cosy atmosphere.  There is a beautiful wooden dining table, a comfortable sofa and a Smart TV. The bedroom and kitchen offer access to the sunny balcony with patio doors. In the bedroom is a beautiful old wardrobe for your clothes and a lovely Queen size bed.  There is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave / oven combination, an induction cooker, a juicer and a built-in espresso machine with the best coffee from Amsterdam!","A nice bright and clean apartment on the characteristic Hoofdweg from Amsterdam. Enjoy the balcony with plenty of sunshine. Perfect for a morning breakfast or to enjoy a wine at sunset.  The spacious living room overlooks the historic Hoofdweg and has typical windows where the ´Amsterdam School Architecture´ is known for. The combination of antique and new furniture gives the house a cosy atmosphere.  There is a beautiful wooden dining table, a comfortable sofa and a Smart TV. The bedroom and kitchen offer access to the sunny balcony with patio doors. In the bedroom is a beautiful old wardrobe for your clothes and a lovely Queen size bed.  There is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave / oven combination, an induction cooker, a juicer and a built-in espresso machine with the best coffee from Amsterdam! We are always available in case you have any questions. Send us a message per AirBnb and we will reply to you as soon as possible. The apartment is located in the Baarsjes, an emergi","The apartment is located in the Baarsjes, an emerging neighborhood with many trendy shops, cafes and restaurants. The most cozy restaurants in Amsterdam are within walking distance of the house, such as Cafe Cook, Zurich, Radijs, Thuys, Jan Eef, Bar Spek, etc.  Mercator Square with several shops, with the monthly, sustainable and small-scale Mercator Market and the Dirk van den Broek supermarket is a 2-minute walk away.  Make an appointment at the Massagehuys in the Jan Evertsenstraat for maximum relaxation.","By bike it´s only about 15 minutes to Amsterdam city center, 10 minutes to the Jordaan with the famous Anne Frank House. It is about 15 minutes to the International Airport of Schiphol by car / taxi / Uber.  For a wide view of the sea and your feet in the sand, you can reach Zandvoort by the Sea through the station Amsterdam Sloterdijk within half an hour.  The tram (#13) to the inner city leaves from the nearby Mercator Square. The bus to Station Sloterdijk leaves in front of the door (Bus #15).",
