,"My lovely apartment is located on a quiet street 5 mins´ walk from Leidseplein, Vondelpark and the Jordaan. The neighbourhood is fantastic - hip, safe and full of great places to eat, shop and generally hang out. Transport is close by and plentiful with tram and bus links to the whole city. It's an open attic space with old wooden floors, open kitchen with all amenities, living area with large sofa, bathroom with bath and shower, cosy sleeping area with large comfortable mattress. It gets plenty of light throughout the day and... should you want even more light... you can always go onto the terrace! Included: Bed linen and towels Tea & coffee WIFI Powered speakers Washing machine Art books Three supermarkets just around the corner + many nice cafes, bars and restaurants. When you book I can give you tips to help you make the most of your stay in Amsterdam. Bars, restaurants, parties, sights and museums, bike rental and where to catch the tram (just around the corner). Welcome to Amster","My lovely apartment is located on a quiet street 5 mins´ walk from Leidseplein, Vondelpark and the Jordaan. The neighbourhood is fantastic - hip, safe and full of great places to eat, shop and generally hang out. Transport is close by and plentiful with tram and bus links to the whole city. It's an open attic space with old wooden floors, open kitchen with all amenities, living area with large sofa, bathroom with bath and shower, cosy sleeping area with large comfortable mattress. It gets plenty of light throughout the day and... should you want even more light... you can always go onto the terrace! Included: Bed linen and towels Tea & coffee WIFI Powered speakers Washing machine Art books Three supermarkets just around the corner + many nice cafes, bars and restaurants. When you book I can give you tips to help you make the most of your stay in Amsterdam. Bars, restaurants, parties, sights and museums, bike rental and where to catch the tram (just around the corner). Welcome to Amster",,,Please be nice respectful people.  Treat the apartment well and you'll be rewarded with the most wonderful stay in Amsterdam.  My neighbours (lovely people) will also thank you for it.
