"Clean and stylish studio/apparment in central Amsterdam. With big windows and nice balcony on south side, located on the 3th/highest floor (no elevator!) with a wonderful  light IJ canal/city view. Only around 10 mins from heart of Amsterdam/Central Station by (free 24/7 running) ferry boat.","Clean & stylish studio apparment (50 m2) nearby center. With sunny south side balcony, located on the 3th/highest floor with wonderful city and water view. The location is 8 minutes from Amsterdam Central Station (walking & free ferry boat 24/7). The space is very light and quiet, but near to the center of the beautifull city of Amsterdam! You can use the whole appartment, so you will feel home. A supermarket is nearby and also free parking place. The neighbourhood is very clean and quiet, but near to the center. It is nearby a supermarket and free parking place 24/7 there is a ferry from the city to the location. It is a few minutes walking to the free ferry, and the ferry to Central Station takes 5 minutes.  ","Clean & stylish studio apparment (50 m2) nearby center. With sunny south side balcony, located on the 3th/highest floor with wonderful city and water view. The location is 8 minutes from Amsterdam Central Station (walking & free ferry boat 24/7). The space is very light and quiet, but near to the center of the beautifull city of Amsterdam! You can use the whole appartment, so you will feel home. A supermarket is nearby and also free parking place. The neighbourhood is very clean and quiet, but near to the center. It is nearby a supermarket and free parking place 24/7 there is a ferry from the city to the location. It is a few minutes walking to the free ferry, and the ferry to Central Station takes 5 minutes.  ","The neighbourhood is clean and quiet,  near to the center. It is nearby a supermarket (Dirk vd Broek, Jumbo foodmarket), a four stars top restaurant Storks and 500 meters from free public parking places. Cycle renting is at central station.","24/7 there is a ferry from the city to the location. It is a few minutes walking to the free ferry, and the ferry to Central Station takes 5 minutes. The closest ferry (IJplein) Goes till midnight, the other (Buikslotermeer) is 5 minutes further and goes day and night!","I only look for quiet, reliable and neat guest. So if you can guarantee that, feel very welcome!"
