"Live like a true Amsterdammer for a while!  Bright studio suited for couple or single guest. Business travelers welcome to stay. All facilities private, not shared (private bathroom and kitchen with fridge, microwave etc). Most Amsterdam listings you will find will probably be violating one or two very strict local regulations, but we can assure you this studio is A-okay!  Wifi and bicycle borrowing included.","This sunny studio will make you feel like a genuine Amsterdam resident: the characteristic sounds of trambells and chatting bicyclists form the every day acoustic wallpaper in this well known and lively Amsterdam street.  The studio has free Wifi and Cable TV and is equiped with a new shower and toilet unit. It also offers a small kitchen with fridge, water heater, coffeemaker, microwave, and electric hotplate for the preperation of a small one-pan-meal. The studio is situated at the front side of the owners house and has a private entrance from the shared hallway. The neighbourhood offers a lot of supermarkets and places to eat or take away a meal. Opposite the nearest crossroads is a theater café that serves a great multicultural breakfast on Saturdays. A real Amsterdam experience can only be completed with a 10 minute bike ride into the 'Jordan', the most characteristic part of the center. The tram towards the museum quarter has a stop in front of your studio and the bus and tram to","This sunny studio will make you feel like a genuine Amsterdam resident: the characteristic sounds of trambells and chatting bicyclists form the every day acoustic wallpaper in this well known and lively Amsterdam street.  The studio has free Wifi and Cable TV and is equiped with a new shower and toilet unit. It also offers a small kitchen with fridge, water heater, coffeemaker, microwave, and electric hotplate for the preperation of a small one-pan-meal. The studio is situated at the front side of the owners house and has a private entrance from the shared hallway. The neighbourhood offers a lot of supermarkets and places to eat or take away a meal. Opposite the nearest crossroads is a theater café that serves a great multicultural breakfast on Saturdays. A real Amsterdam experience can only be completed with a 10 minute bike ride into the 'Jordan', the most characteristic part of the center. The tram towards the museum quarter has a stop in front of your studio and the bus and tram to","Safe neighbourhood  Situated 'within the ring A10', which means not to far from the medieval and golden age heart of the center The neighbourhood itself was built in the early thirties, giving it a historic feel. Built in the Amsterdam School Style, quite famous among lovers of  architecture. Lots of multicultural food spots, take away or eat-in.  Walking distance from Westerpark area, with movie theatres, breweries, restaurants, bars, monthly Sunday Markets, and places to go dancing.","City map and Bicycle borrowing from hosts! Direct (!) trams and busses to Vondelpark, Westerpark, Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw, The Pijp Area, Jordaan District, Anne Frank House, Dam Square, Rembrandt Square, Waterloo Square, Opera House, Central Station and Sloterdijk.  Schiphol Airport reachable within one stopover (at Sloterdijk trainstation).","Check in: between 4 PM and 10 PM  Check out: No later than 11 AM Late or early arrivals / check outs can only be accomodated by prior arrangement No drugs No smoking (not inside, AND not in front off the studio as this is a residential area) No pets No bringing along extra guests without explicit permission of the hosts No loud TV or music after 23.00u No stag do's or henn parties No prostitutes and no blind dating / online date arrangements allowed in the studio In some cases, an extra bed for one person can be provided. Exclusively on prior arrangement. Please consult the hosts about this before booking. Small children welcome, please bring your own babybed. Hosts will be in contact before your stay to learn more about your plans and confirm."
