"Our 'gezelig' (Dutch: warm-hearted atmosphere) and convenient two-bedroom apartment is perfect for a couple or family with young children. Situated in the heart of the Jordaan, come experience the most charming part of Amsterdam.","Our apartment is located on a quiet street in the heart of the Jordaan, on the top floor.  The apartment has two bedrooms. The master bedroom has a king sized  bed opening to a long balcony facing the quiet interior of the block. The second bedroom is a nursery with a bunk bed and a crib and also opens to the courtyard balcony.  The open concept kitchen/living room has a French balcony to the street, a couch (the couch is old and torn, but covered with a sheepskin), wireless internet, Chromecast (to stream directly from your phone to the TV), dishwasher, 5-burner gas stove, oven, refrigerator with freezer, and a large dining room table. The bathroom includes a bath with shower, washing machine and dryer.","Our 'gezelig' (Dutch: warm-hearted atmosphere) and convenient two-bedroom apartment is perfect for a couple or family with young children. Situated in the heart of the Jordaan, come experience the most charming part of Amsterdam. Our apartment is located on a quiet street in the heart of the Jordaan, on the top floor.  The apartment has two bedrooms. The master bedroom has a king sized  bed opening to a long balcony facing the quiet interior of the block. The second bedroom is a nursery with a bunk bed and a crib and also opens to the courtyard balcony.  The open concept kitchen/living room has a French balcony to the street, a couch (the couch is old and torn, but covered with a sheepskin), wireless internet, Chromecast (to stream directly from your phone to the TV), dishwasher, 5-burner gas stove, oven, refrigerator with freezer, and a large dining room table. The bathroom includes a bath with shower, washing machine and dryer. Our building has 4 apartments, one per floor, and the st","The Jordaan is the Netherlands' most famous neighbourhood, well-located but also a destination of its own right with its bustling street life, quiet corners, galleries, cafes, and canals zig-zagging the neighbourhood.  Our apartment is centrally located in the Jordaan, 15 minutes walk to Amsterdam's central train station, 100 metres to the famous Saturday farmer's market and the Monday vintage market at Noorderkerk, and a 5 minute walk to the Anne Frank House.","Walking is the best way to enjoy the Jordaan, and if you are feeling confident then you can rent a bicycle. We are also near several trams, including tram 3 to the Museum district, buses and Centraal Station is only 15 minutes away by foot.","Welcome to Amsterdam's delightful Jordaan neighbourhood! We really hope you like it here as much as we do. For emergencies, there is a fire extinguisher in the closet in the entrance hall (when you walk into the apartment, this is the door immediately to your left, and then the fire extinguisher is on the shelf in front of you on the right side). There is also a smoke detector on the ceiling in front of the bathroom and at the top of the steps, bandages in the bottom drawer in the bathroom, and anti-bacterial cream in the top cupboard in the bathroom. Please be respectful of our neighbours, they are all nice people and we have an excellent relationship with them. Whenever you leave the apartment, please use common sense and ensure all windows and doors are locked, that the stove burners are off, and that the lights are all switched off. Please be mindful of noise in the stairs. Smoking is not permitted in our home, and we also ask you not to bring pets. You are welcome to smoke outside"
