"Beautiful, characteristic house on a typical Dutch dike. Near to the centre of Amsterdam: 8 minutes by bus, 20 minutes by bike. Enjoy the sunny dike with the great view, the green shady garden in this comfortable house on 4 floors with plenty of room. Ideal for families with (small) children, beds for 5 persons. Like most houses along the dike, the kitchen and garden are one floor down (-1) from the entrance/living room (0). Main sleeping area on first & second floor. We also have a cat!","The house is a unique historical dike-house, build in 1930. It is light, there is enough room and it has a relaxing atmosphere.","Beautiful, characteristic house on a typical Dutch dike. Near to the centre of Amsterdam: 8 minutes by bus, 20 minutes by bike. Enjoy the sunny dike with the great view, the green shady garden in this comfortable house on 4 floors with plenty of room. Ideal for families with (small) children, beds for 5 persons. Like most houses along the dike, the kitchen and garden are one floor down (-1) from the entrance/living room (0). Main sleeping area on first & second floor. We also have a cat! The house is a unique historical dike-house, build in 1930. It is light, there is enough room and it has a relaxing atmosphere. It is a house where we normally live. You can use the whole house. We make sure you have enough room for your own stuff. You will be welcomed by one of our hosts for the key and a quick tour around the house. All other communication is directly with us. Typical smalltown neighbourhood, characteristic dike houses, with lots of green and flowers. Nice cafe with great terrace at ","Typical smalltown neighbourhood, characteristic dike houses, with lots of green and flowers. Nice cafe with great terrace at walking distance. On bike or bus distance of the centre of Amsterdam. Also great for cycling or walking to the beautiful countryside called 'Waterland' with its typical scenery of green meadows and traditional farms.",Public transport - bus 32 - at 5 minutes walking distance takes you directly to the Central Station of Amsterdam: 8 minutes. Good acces to the main highway. Exit 115 from the main highway around Amsterdam the A10 (ring) is 3 minutes. There is free parking in front of the house (unique for Amsterdam).,We love to welcome non-smokers.
