"Big loft in the centre, on walking distances of food market, cinema's trendy restaurants etc. Apartment in old building but with very modern interiors and  it's nice and quiet with a huge sunny balcony and a view into the lovely gardens ","A 115 sq.m apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, there is 1 bedroom with a hugh balcony with sun in the morning where you can have breakfast. A large living room with a balcony with a view on the canal, warm vintage but modern furniture and a open kitchen with all a fridge/freezer an espresso machine, oven and a quooker.A separate room with computer and books, Wifi,LCD flatscreen, DVD player and a sound system with iPhone dock. Bathroom with jacuzzi. On walking distance from all sort of restaurants bars, cinema's and a daily fresh market and vintage shops. Trams and subway can be reached in two minutes. It;s a lovely quiet apartment right in the centre of the city","Big loft in the centre, on walking distances of food market, cinema's trendy restaurants etc. Apartment in old building but with very modern interiors and  it's nice and quiet with a huge sunny balcony and a view into the lovely gardens A 115 sq.m apartment in the centre of Amsterdam, there is 1 bedroom with a hugh balcony with sun in the morning where you can have breakfast. A large living room with a balcony with a view on the canal, warm vintage but modern furniture and a open kitchen with all a fridge/freezer an espresso machine, oven and a quooker.A separate room with computer and books, Wifi,LCD flatscreen, DVD player and a sound system with iPhone dock. Bathroom with jacuzzi. On walking distance from all sort of restaurants bars, cinema's and a daily fresh market and vintage shops. Trams and subway can be reached in two minutes. It;s a lovely quiet apartment right in the centre of the city everything, wifi, cable television, washing machine, dryer, bathroom with jacuzzi.   The h","The heart of the city, very close to the musea, food market, trendy hotspots, Heineken brewery but still a quiet street with beautiful views.","all public transport is within 3 minutes, in 30 minutes by train and tram from the airport, by taxi 15 minutes.",No smoking in the house however on the balcony it's allowed
