"My modern apartment is situated in walking distance to the historic Amsterdam city center, world-famous for its canals and 16th century architecture. The neighborhood has a distinct local feel and offers a great choice of cafes, dining, and bars.","The 44m2 (474 sq ft) apartment located in a quiet street at the West side of the city center features a •Large living room with seating and dining area •Bedroom with extra long double bed 220x140cm (87x55in) and some cupboard space •Kitchen with all modern appliances incl. gas stove, dishwasher, blender, juicer, water boiler, etc.  •Bathroom with shower •Balcony with seating •Wifi Internet •Couch can be unfolded to extra bed 210x110cm (83x43in) In walking distance (10-15 min.) you can find  •World-famous canals •Historic city district Jordaan •Anne Frank House •Best Dutch independent shopping areas in Haarlemmerstraat & 9 straatjes Everything else is easily reached by bike or public transport. Maximum occupancy 2 persons.","My modern apartment is situated in walking distance to the historic Amsterdam city center, world-famous for its canals and 16th century architecture. The neighborhood has a distinct local feel and offers a great choice of cafes, dining, and bars. The 44m2 (474 sq ft) apartment located in a quiet street at the West side of the city center features a •Large living room with seating and dining area •Bedroom with extra long double bed 220x140cm (87x55in) and some cupboard space •Kitchen with all modern appliances incl. gas stove, dishwasher, blender, juicer, water boiler, etc.  •Bathroom with shower •Balcony with seating •Wifi Internet •Couch can be unfolded to extra bed 210x110cm (83x43in) In walking distance (10-15 min.) you can find  •World-famous canals •Historic city district Jordaan •Anne Frank House •Best Dutch independent shopping areas in Haarlemmerstraat & 9 straatjes Everything else is easily reached by bike or public transport. Maximum occupancy 2 persons. The apartment is comp","The neighborhood has a distinct local feel and is famous for its ""Amsterdam School"" architecture.   Within 100 metres (110 yards) you can find • Westerpark, one of the largest parks in Amsterdam with a cinema, several bars, nightclubs, and restaurants with huge outdoor seating areas.  • Great cafe with sunny outdoor seating (Bar Bateau) • Two great bars/restaurants with sunny outdoor seating (Walvis,Bar Mick) More cafes, restaurants, two supermarkets, several take-away restaurants, a museum, and more public transport options are just a couple of minutes walking.",• Bus stop with direct bus to Central Station (5 minutes) and Sloterdijk train station (10 minutes),"Please treat my place as you would want others to treat yours! Please do not smoke inside, you can smoke on the balcony. Please feel free to take the coffee, tea, and any food left in the cupboards and the fridge! Enjoy your stay in my place and in Amsterdam!"
