"Our cosy apartment is situated in the vivid and sparkling area de Pijp, downtown of Amsterdam. The house is in a quit street with a balcony and roofterras to the south. We can provide sleeping place for 2-5 people- very suitable for families","The apartment is in two floors. It is especially suitable for families. We can provide sleeping place for up to 5 people. There is one bedroom with a double bed 160x200cm, one livingroom with a sofa bed of 140x200cm and in the children's room there is a children singel bed of 90 x200 cm. There is also a possibility for baby travel bed. Kitchen is fully equipped. Roof terras and balcony invite for a nice coffee in the sun.","Our cosy apartment is situated in the vivid and sparkling area de Pijp, downtown of Amsterdam. The house is in a quit street with a balcony and roofterras to the south. We can provide sleeping place for 2-5 people- very suitable for families The apartment is in two floors. It is especially suitable for families. We can provide sleeping place for up to 5 people. There is one bedroom with a double bed 160x200cm, one livingroom with a sofa bed of 140x200cm and in the children's room there is a children singel bed of 90 x200 cm. There is also a possibility for baby travel bed. Kitchen is fully equipped. Roof terras and balcony invite for a nice coffee in the sun. The guests can use the whole apartment. We are reachable via telefoon or email. The neighborhood is full of fantastic cafe's, restaurant's, shops in all nationalities. 5 min walk to the beautiful Sarphatipark, and the famous Albert Cuyp markt and 15 min walk from the Museumsquare and Concertgebouw.  There are also several playgrou","The neighborhood is full of fantastic cafe's, restaurant's, shops in all nationalities. 5 min walk to the beautiful Sarphatipark, and the famous Albert Cuyp markt and 15 min walk from the Museumsquare and Concertgebouw.  There are also several playgrounds in walking distance. Public in and outdoor swimming pool and fitness center not far. Jogging around the amstel river, drinking a nice cup of coffee, having a good lunch or a fancy dinner or seeing a film- its all possible in this neighbiurghood. De Pijp is like a village in a middle of a beautiful city of Amsterdam. It has a great mixture of friendly people from everywhere of the wordl, just be yourself and enjoy!","The tramstop's as well as to the museums and to the city center are very near.  Airport is  20 min away with the taxi or 40 min by public transport. In this area there is a paid parking except on Sunday's. You can always find parking loft not too far away.  Also there are many places around to rent a bike. Trainstations RAI and Amstel, as well as Central Station are very easy to reach.",No smoking or drugs inside the house or on the balcony's. No shoes inside. No pets allowed. Take the neighbors always in consideration. No parties and loud music.
