"Cosy and quaint  Located in a wonderful part of Amsterdam, next to the desirable neighbourhood Jordaan and Westerpark. Quiet neighborhood, with lively places within walking distance. Public transport nearby: bus 21, tram 3 , and tram 10. We also have two bicycles available. Water view from huge window . This charming and spacious apartment is located on the third floor of a newly built apartment building along the Kostverlorenvaart canal. THE NEIGHBORHOOD is known as Westerpark with","Cosy and quaint  Located in a wonderful part of Amsterdam, next to the desirable neighbourhood Jordaan and Westerpark. Quiet neighborhood, with lively places within walking distance. Public transport nearby: bus 21, tram 3 , and tram 10. We also have two bicycles available. Water view from huge window .  This charming and spacious apartment is located on the third floor of a newly built apartment building along the Kostverlorenvaart canal. THE NEIGHBORHOOD is known as Westerpark with the prizewinning park a few blocks up the road. This area is an easy-going and friendly neighbourhood with coffee shops, cafés, lunchrooms, and restaurants. It borders the Jordaan & the 'grachtengordel' (the canals). By foot, you will reach the Leidseplein within 20 minutes. Next door serves fresh bagels & coffee, and a few steps away there are several good grocerystores and speciality shops (cheese,  fish, bakery, green grocery ) Around the corner on the Westerstraat  you'll find many more shops, restaura","Cosy and quaint  Located in a wonderful part of Amsterdam, next to the desirable neighbourhood Jordaan and Westerpark. Quiet neighborhood, with lively places within walking distance. Public transport nearby: bus 21, tram 3 , and tram 10. We also have two bicycles available. Water view from huge window . This charming and spacious apartment is located on the third floor of a newly built apartment building along the Kostverlorenvaart canal. THE NEIGHBORHOOD is known as Westerpark with Cosy and quaint  Located in a wonderful part of Amsterdam, next to the desirable neighbourhood Jordaan and Westerpark. Quiet neighborhood, with lively places within walking distance. Public transport nearby: bus 21, tram 3 , and tram 10. We also have two bicycles available. Water view from huge window .  This charming and spacious apartment is located on the third floor of a newly built apartment building along the Kostverlorenvaart canal. THE NEIGHBORHOOD is known as Westerpark with the prizewinning park a",,,"All the facilities are included ( cleaning , towels , bed linen , heating , WIFI) ."
