"It's located behind the Concerthall, only five minutes walk from the Museumplein where the Rijksmuseum, van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum, are situated. The apartment is on the first floor and is spacious. There are classical Dutch sliding doors and a little balcony with lots of light. In the front is the sitting room. It has a shared entrance with the owners. We have two supermarkets nearby and a good bakkery. On Saturday there is a market with products from local farmers.","The smoke-free apartment on the first floor is spacious and has been nicely decorated. The rooms have classical Dutch sliding doors and a balcony with glass-panelled doors. In the rear bedroom there is a double bed, which can also be converted into two individual beds. In the front sitting room there is a comfortable sofa and a table with four chairs where you can enjoy your breakfast by the windows. All the rooms are kept warm with gas heaters. In the bathroom there is a bathtub, shower, sink, and a private toilet in the hall. The separate kitchen has a refrigerator, microwave and coffee / tea facilities. There is a shared entrance with the owner. Our apartment is located in a quiet, comfortable neighborhood, on a street right behind the Concerthall. You'll be able to find a number of very good restaurants on each corner of our street. The Vondelpark is located only blocks away.","It's located behind the Concerthall, only five minutes walk from the Museumplein where the Rijksmuseum, van Gogh Museum and the Stedelijk Museum, are situated. The apartment is on the first floor and is spacious. There are classical Dutch sliding doors and a little balcony with lots of light. In the front is the sitting room. It has a shared entrance with the owners. We have two supermarkets nearby and a good bakkery. On Saturday there is a market with products from local farmers. The smoke-free apartment on the first floor is spacious and has been nicely decorated. The rooms have classical Dutch sliding doors and a balcony with glass-panelled doors. In the rear bedroom there is a double bed, which can also be converted into two individual beds. In the front sitting room there is a comfortable sofa and a table with four chairs where you can enjoy your breakfast by the windows. All the rooms are kept warm with gas heaters. In the bathroom there is a bathtub, shower, sink, and a private ",Very near Museumsquare and Vondelpark.,From Schiphol airport you can take the airport expres bus 397 which stops at Museumsquare. Our house is 5 min walk.,smoke free appartment
