"Lofty, sunny apartment with great view over the water. Relaxing and chilled atmosphere that balances the Amsterdam buzz. A good place for couples, young families and groups of three.","Lofty, sunny and green flat in the format leagues east port of Amsterdam (Zeeburg). From the large living room has expansive views over water and the passing boats on sunny afternoons. From the apartment, there are lovely walks in the beautiful harbor area of Amsterdam; with its canal boats, swimming courses (for evening dips in the summer), shops and restaurants. In 5 minutes you are skiing at Amsterdam's best brewery ('t IJ Brewery) a of a windmill; with the best (organically brewed) beer in Holland. The apartment accommodates comfortably two people / one pair; but you can also feel up to three people at home. -The / Third sleep then in the living room on the couch. The bedroom is cozy for a couple with its 140x220 bed. The fully equipped kitchen has a dishwasher, oven and a Micorwelle induction cooker. The designer bathroom is plenty of room for spreading, under the common waking rainforest shower. Who can give or get massages can gladly use the massage table in the apartment :) ---","Lofty, sunny apartment with great view over the water. Relaxing and chilled atmosphere that balances the Amsterdam buzz. A good place for couples, young families and groups of three. Lofty, sunny and green flat in the format leagues east port of Amsterdam (Zeeburg). From the large living room has expansive views over water and the passing boats on sunny afternoons. From the apartment, there are lovely walks in the beautiful harbor area of Amsterdam; with its canal boats, swimming courses (for evening dips in the summer), shops and restaurants. In 5 minutes you are skiing at Amsterdam's best brewery ('t IJ Brewery) a of a windmill; with the best (organically brewed) beer in Holland. The apartment accommodates comfortably two people / one pair; but you can also feel up to three people at home. -The / Third sleep then in the living room on the couch. The bedroom is cozy for a couple with its 140x220 bed. The fully equipped kitchen has a dishwasher, oven and a Micorwelle induction cooker. ",The East Harbour Area is one of the few places in Amsterdam where you are very close to the centre but enjoy water with all the openness and calmness of the former harbour. The architecture is world renowned and the long city boat tours cross the East Harbour frequently.,,"HOUSE RULES As with every personal space, there are some house rules, which I kindly ask my guests and visitors to respect: - A NO-SHOES house. Please take off your shoes when you enter the house. There are slippers for convenient slipping on the wooden floor. The carpet in the living room is for sitting and chilling and it’s nice to know that no shoes get on it. - FEEL GOOD and ENJOY YOUR STAY. The kitchen and most all of in it is there to use. I will tell you during the Welcome what’s off limits. - NO SMOKING, unless you do it outside or out of the window. - BE MINDFUL of the people around you. So please keep the music down after 22:00.  - TREAT THE PLACE WITH RESPECT. As this is my home and I am opening it to guests during the spring / summer seasons, I ask you to respect and be mindful that you are in someone else’s space. So don’t do things that you would not have happen to you. - MIND THE PLANTS: Some of the plants in the house I have for more than 15 years. They are like pets, j"
