"This place from 1640 at the palmgracht is located in the center of the Jordaan, Amsterdam. A quit neighbourhood for the ultimate Amsterdam experience ★ Location - The best and most quiet though right in the center. ★ Guest floor - In a '16th century' apartment ★ Internet connection - Fastest available - 55 inch UHD incl Netflix  ★ Brand new styled and renovated including open shower in bath room",This wooden first floor guest house located at the most beautiful and quiet canals is part of my two floors house. The place I am offering is uniquely situated in the historical heart (old city center) of Amsterdam. At the Palmgracht this completely renovated apartment was the home of an old Batavian which was living here around 1648. Judging by the date stone it was one of the oldest buildings of the Jordaan. It fits two people comfortably and maximum 4.  The private floor is located on the first floor. Main features of the room: * Fast wifi (200 mb / 20 mb) * Easy access to the rooms without disturbing anyone. * A very comfortable two person bedroom (180 cm x 200 cm) * Living room with possible extra two person sleeping couch (160 cm x 200 cm) * Hue lighting in entire guesthouse with hue tap and 3 light scenes * Ultra HD 55 inch flatscreen including Netflix * Fantastic walk-in rain shower in the new bathroom * Towels and sheets are included * Inform me in advance if you want to have ,"This place from 1640 at the palmgracht is located in the center of the Jordaan, Amsterdam. A quit neighbourhood for the ultimate Amsterdam experience ★ Location - The best and most quiet though right in the center. ★ Guest floor - In a '16th century' apartment ★ Internet connection - Fastest available - 55 inch UHD incl Netflix  ★ Brand new styled and renovated including open shower in bath room This wooden first floor guest house located at the most beautiful and quiet canals is part of my two floors house. The place I am offering is uniquely situated in the historical heart (old city center) of Amsterdam. At the Palmgracht this completely renovated apartment was the home of an old Batavian which was living here around 1648. Judging by the date stone it was one of the oldest buildings of the Jordaan. It fits two people comfortably and maximum 4.  The private floor is located on the first floor. Main features of the room: * Fast wifi (200 mb / 20 mb) * Easy access to the rooms without ","Anything you would like to visit in Amsterdam is just within walking distance when you stay at the Batavier, for example: Rembrandt square: 15 min  Dam square: 9 min  Newmarket: 8 min  Jordaan: 0 min  Red light district : 12 min  Leidseplein: 10 min  Waterlooplein: 20 min My house is around the corner of the Noordermarkt, on Monday you have an antique market, an organic market on Wednesday and Saturday a flower / vegetable / etc fuit market. You have to try the applepie from Winkel; It's famous for it. Nearby you find several restaurants, the best salade place (SLA on the Westerstraat) the tastiest sandwiches you'll find (Small World) with fresh juices and super friendly staff. For a biological super market, go to the Haarlemmerdijk there's Marqt. You are near the Westerpark (7 minutes walk), in the summertime there are al lot of festivals and you can have a chill by lying in the grass and enjoy a BBQ. Tram and bus stops are 5 minutes walk and 15 minutes walk to Central Station.  Since",Palmgracht is only 9 minutes walk from Central Station. The central station can be reach within 10 minutes by train from the airport.,As it's a very quiet neighborhood and any party or loud vibes is not allowed. You will find the peace right here and I like to keep this vibration in the house. The house has many plants right now which doesn't need watering as that is taken care of. Please be gentle to the plants :) Smoking in the house is not allowed but you can have your cigarette in at the balcony where you find an ashtray.
