"Luxurious apartment in one of the nicest areas Amsterdam has to offer. Fully equipped, centrally located with bars, outdoor market and shops at walking distance. Bicycle rental and tram-stop around the corner.","A beautiful, spacious, fully equipped, loft apartment for 2 persons with garden located in de Pijp, one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. This completely renovated lovely bright apartment with garden features 1 bedroom, large open kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and rain shower. The apartment is on the ground floor and is fully equipped. You can use free wifi internet, washer, dryer, dishwasher and TV. Within 20 meters walking distance you can find fitness and Yoga centers. You are within walking distance of the biggest daily market in Amsterdam, the Albert Cuyp Market. The area around the market is packed with nice cafes, bars, restaurants, shops, a lovely park (Sarphatipark) and is the passage to the center of Amsterdam. If you do not want to walk you can use the many tram connections around the corner to be right in the heart of Amsterdam in no-time. The greatest way to discover Amsterdam is by bike. At 30 meters walking distance from the apartment you will find a bike shop where you","Luxurious apartment in one of the nicest areas Amsterdam has to offer. Fully equipped, centrally located with bars, outdoor market and shops at walking distance. Bicycle rental and tram-stop around the corner. A beautiful, spacious, fully equipped, loft apartment for 2 persons with garden located in de Pijp, one of the nicest areas of Amsterdam. This completely renovated lovely bright apartment with garden features 1 bedroom, large open kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and rain shower. The apartment is on the ground floor and is fully equipped. You can use free wifi internet, washer, dryer, dishwasher and TV. Within 20 meters walking distance you can find fitness and Yoga centers. You are within walking distance of the biggest daily market in Amsterdam, the Albert Cuyp Market. The area around the market is packed with nice cafes, bars, restaurants, shops, a lovely park (Sarphatipark) and is the passage to the center of Amsterdam. If you do not want to walk you can use the many tram conne",,,No smoking inside the house. Please keep noiselevels low for the neighbors
