Het appartement is op een romantische plek waar u zich kunt ontspannen tijdens een city trip in Amsterdam. Het is 3 minuten lopen van het centrum en om de hoek van de negen straatjes. Ook om de hoek van het Anne Frank museum.,"Het appartement is op een romantische plek waar u zich kunt ontspannen tijdens een city trip in Amsterdam. Het is 3 minuten lopen van het centrum en om de hoek van de negen straatjes. Het appartement is op een romantische plek waar u zich kunt ontspannen tijdens een city trip in Amsterdam. Het is 3 minuten lopen van het centrum en om de hoek van de negen straatjes. Our house is a romantic spot where you can relax in the middle of the busy city Amsterdam. This apartment with typical old Amsterdam details is a perfect place for you alone or for a couple/friend. Our apartment is located in the centre of Amsterdam, 50 meters from the Dam Square, Leidseplein and many great museums (Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank museum) and nice restaurants. It is a 2 minute walk to the city centre. and from the airport Schiphol it takes you 15 minutes to get to our house.  It is a 3-floor apartment. When you enter the apartment on the first floor we have a living room, separate dining room and a fully equipped","Het appartement is op een romantische plek waar u zich kunt ontspannen tijdens een city trip in Amsterdam. Het is 3 minuten lopen van het centrum en om de hoek van de negen straatjes. Ook om de hoek van het Anne Frank museum. Het appartement is op een romantische plek waar u zich kunt ontspannen tijdens een city trip in Amsterdam. Het is 3 minuten lopen van het centrum en om de hoek van de negen straatjes. Het appartement is op een romantische plek waar u zich kunt ontspannen tijdens een city trip in Amsterdam. Het is 3 minuten lopen van het centrum en om de hoek van de negen straatjes. Our house is a romantic spot where you can relax in the middle of the busy city Amsterdam. This apartment with typical old Amsterdam details is a perfect place for you alone or for a couple/friend. Our apartment is located in the centre of Amsterdam, 50 meters from the Dam Square, Leidseplein and many great museums (Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank museum) and nice restaurants. It is a 2 minute walk to the ci","We love the Jordaan. It is so typically Amsterdam with it's nice shops (Nine Streets), bars, restaurants, musea, etc. Everything is in walking distance. The Dam is 10 min walk away, 2 minutes with the tram.",Local transport is super easy: Schiphol is 15 minutes by train; almost everything is in walking distance; there is a tram stop in 1 minute walk.,- no pets - non smoking house - no extra guests
