"Fabulous and Unique Amsterdam GROUNDFLOOR Luxury Loft, located in the Pijp, the coolest neighbourhood of Amsterdam! It’s just a 7 minutes walk from the city centre and the main cultural and tourist spots. The street is quiet and beautiful!","This (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) Loft has a wonderful NYC feel and is designed in a modern, minimalistic style. It has a great atmosphere, is clean and has a nice garden with a lot of light. The apartment has two double bedrooms with queen size beds and a large living and dining room in which to hang out and relax after a long day of exploring the city. There is a large bathroom with a shower and a separate bath which is connected to the main bedroom. The spacious desiger kitchen is filled with everything you need. We've got a chrome cast as well, so you can use NETFLIX. WE ACCEPT: - Families with children  - Couples older than 30 - Business men/women - Friends older than 30 WE DON'T ACCEPT: - Male/female groups under 30 years old The Pijp is known for the vividness of it and almost feels like a little village inside the city. That’s why people compare it to Greenwich Village in New York. The Pijp is brimming with fantastic cafés, great restaurants, coffee shops, bars and movie the","Fabulous and Unique Amsterdam GROUNDFLOOR Luxury Loft, located in the Pijp, the coolest neighbourhood of Amsterdam! It’s just a 7 minutes walk from the city centre and the main cultural and tourist spots. The street is quiet and beautiful! This (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) Loft has a wonderful NYC feel and is designed in a modern, minimalistic style. It has a great atmosphere, is clean and has a nice garden with a lot of light. The apartment has two double bedrooms with queen size beds and a large living and dining room in which to hang out and relax after a long day of exploring the city. There is a large bathroom with a shower and a separate bath which is connected to the main bedroom. The spacious desiger kitchen is filled with everything you need. We've got a chrome cast as well, so you can use NETFLIX. WE ACCEPT: - Families with children  - Couples older than 30 - Business men/women - Friends older than 30 WE DON'T ACCEPT: - Male/female groups under 30 years old The Pijp is kno",,"From the airport, you can take a cab, a bus or a train/tram combination. BUS Bus 197 goes from the airport to a stop which is a 15 minute walk to my apartment (stop is called Amsterdam, Museumplein).   TRAIN / TRAM From the airport, you can also take the train to central station, and from there, you can take tram 16 or tram 24 and get out at the stop called Albert Cuypstraat.  From there, walk two blocks further on the Ferdinand Bolstraat (the main road with all the construction, and take the second left onto the Jan Steenstraat and find the place at number 119.  CAB If you take a cab, it will cost around 45 Euros.   From CENTRAL STATION : Take tram 16 or tram 24 and get out at the stop called Albert Cuypstraat.  From there it's a 2 min walk to my place.","HOUSE RULES: This is a NON-SMOKING property.  -SMOKING or VAPING is prohibited anywhere on the property (not inside the apartment, not in the common area, not in the garden). -NO DRUGS (including marihuana and weed) anywhere on the property (not inside the apartment, not in the common area, not in the garden). If you break this rules and the evidence of smoking is found, your deposit will be forfeited. If you’re coming to Amsterdam to party you’ve picked a great city to do so. Unfortunately, just not the right place. Though we’re sure it won’t come to it, serious complaints of unruly behavior will unfortunately result in you being asked to leave. Not good for you. Not good for us. To be considerate to our neigbours with small children and elderly people, we kindly ask to keep things on the quieter-side after 21:00. Many of our neigbours have their bedrooms facing the garden. Please no loud noise, music or other nuisance in the garden after 21:00 as well. -Not suitable for pets -No part"
