"Cosy comfortable home away from home  Enjoy your privacy and a unique atmosphere.  Live on one of the most beautiful canals, Herengracht, in a 17th century Canal house, surrounded by nice shops, cafes and restaurants. Famous neighbourhood the Nine streets, most sights are walking distance.","Cosy, comfortable home away from home.  Live on one of the most beautiful canals (Herengracht) and enjoy lots of privacy and a unique atmosphere. Two comfortable rooms en suite in a 17th Century monumental canal house with private entrance – in a great neighbourhood ‘The Nine Streets’.  This stylish apartment has one bedroom, a compact living room and a large modern private bathroom with bath and shower, all for your exclusive use. It’s on the third floor of a beautiful canal house. There is no elevator so the stairs will keep you in shape ;) Cosy cafés, restaurants and nice specialty shops are just around the corner. The wonderful apartment and building have recently been completely renovated.  Neighbourhood and location  Lovely area The Nine Streets - De Negen Straatjes. The apartment is in the heart of Amsterdam's canal district and city centre and is one of the city's most delightful areas with many cosy cafés, restaurants and bubbling night live –yet quietly situated. The best of ","Cosy, comfortable home away from home.  Live on one of the most beautiful canals (Herengracht) and enjoy lots of privacy and a unique atmosphere. Two comfortable rooms en suite in a 17th Century monumental canal house with private entrance – in a great neighbourhood ‘The Nine Streets’.  This stylish apartment has one bedroom, a compact living room and a large modern private bathroom with bath and shower, all for your exclusive use. It’s on the third floor of a beautiful canal house. There is no elevator so the stairs will keep you in shape ;) Cosy cafés, restaurants and nice specialty shops are just around the corner. The wonderful apartment and building have recently been completely renovated.  Neighbourhood and location  Lovely area The Nine Streets - De Negen Straatjes. The apartment is in the heart of Amsterdam's canal district and city centre and is one of the city's most delightful areas with many cosy cafés, restaurants and bubbling night live –yet quietly situated. The best of ","The apartment is in the heart of Amsterdam's canal district and city centre. The lovely neighbourhood is called The Nine Streets.  It is one of the city's most delightful areas with many cosy cafés, restaurants and bubbling night live –yet quietly situated. The best of both worlds. Just two minutes walk from Dam Square, close to Central station and walking distance to the major sights. Walk out your front door and enjoy the gorgeous canals, right in the centre of the Unesco World Heritage Site.","-We offer you city guides and maps, advice and insiders tips.  At walking distance from the apartment, you can enjoy more sites than you can see, for instance: the Royal Palace, Dam square, Leidse square, Rembrandts square, Rijks Museum, Van Gogh Museum, Stedelijk Museum,  Museum square, Vondel park, Flower market, Waterloo square, Anne Frank House. All of these are walking distance :) And we are surrounded by tram stops.  Directions how to get to our apartment easily: Amsterdam is a short train ride from Schiphol Airport. It’s cheap and fast. By taxi it will cost around 45 euro. The apartment is a 16 minute walk from Central Station.  If you don’t want to walk, you can also take a taxi from Central Station, it should not cost more than 10 euro.   You can also take the tram from Central Station. Tram 1, 2 and 5 stop close by. Name of the stop is ‘Dam’. It is the second stop from the station. From there, it is a 3 minute walk. Take the ‘Raadhuis street’,  go left the second canal (Heren",We will provide you with special local tips if you like. Feel at home and enjoy your stay! You can leave your luggage and keep the keys on the check-out day so you are free to leave when you want.
