,"Nice comfortable 50m2 apartment in the beautiful west part of Amsterdam (Baarsjes) with a balcony on the east/west and a small balcony in the front of the apartment. The place is fully furnished and will be most suitable for a couple. In the front of the apartment there’s a light living room with a nice dining room, a lounge couch and a TV. A separate toilet is connected to a small hallway witch runs thru the middle of the apartment. In the back of the house you will find a nice bedroom with doors opening to the balcony. The bathroom is directly connected with the bedroom. Also in the back there’s a kitchen with everything you need to cook.  The Baarsjes is one of Amsterdam’s upcoming neighborhoods in lively West. The apartment is located next to the Mercatorplein in between three parks (vondel/rembrant/wester). On either side you will find a nice shopping street, the Jan Evertsen Sraat and the Postjesweg/Kinkenstraat. The Baarsjes is the place were people who live in Amsterdam go out.","Nice comfortable 50m2 apartment in the beautiful west part of Amsterdam (Baarsjes) with a balcony on the east/west and a small balcony in the front of the apartment. The place is fully furnished and will be most suitable for a couple. In the front of the apartment there’s a light living room with a nice dining room, a lounge couch and a TV. A separate toilet is connected to a small hallway witch runs thru the middle of the apartment. In the back of the house you will find a nice bedroom with doors opening to the balcony. The bathroom is directly connected with the bedroom. Also in the back there’s a kitchen with everything you need to cook.  The Baarsjes is one of Amsterdam’s upcoming neighborhoods in lively West. The apartment is located next to the Mercatorplein in between three parks (vondel/rembrant/wester). On either side you will find a nice shopping street, the Jan Evertsen Sraat and the Postjesweg/Kinkenstraat. The Baarsjes is the place were people who live in Amsterdam go out.",,,"Keep it all clean, don't break anything and be nice for the neighbors :)"
