,"My apartment is located in the east of Amsterdam in a multicultural neighbourhood, close to the Amstel river and with the (in my humble opinion) the sweetest canal of Amsterdam around the corner.  It is a comfortable apartment for a couple, with a double bed. The sweet garden is a rarity in Amsterdam. If you are willing to feed my cat and water the plants and strawberries in the garden and be careful with the piano I'd love to offer you my little palace.   -Bike: My bike can be included in the rent. Transportation in Amsterdam can best be done by bike. -Pets: I have a cat, but if you will be staying long term and that makes you uncomfortable I can bring him to my grandmother. -Location: the east of Amsterdam. Only 2 subway stops from the centre. Very close to highway and train station. -Smoking outside please. -Info house: one bedroom with a double bed, living room and a conservatory/dining room. Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine and a piano. ","My apartment is located in the east of Amsterdam in a multicultural neighbourhood, close to the Amstel river and with the (in my humble opinion) the sweetest canal of Amsterdam around the corner.  It is a comfortable apartment for a couple, with a double bed. The sweet garden is a rarity in Amsterdam. If you are willing to feed my cat and water the plants and strawberries in the garden and be careful with the piano I'd love to offer you my little palace.   -Bike: My bike can be included in the rent. Transportation in Amsterdam can best be done by bike. -Pets: I have a cat, but if you will be staying long term and that makes you uncomfortable I can bring him to my grandmother. -Location: the east of Amsterdam. Only 2 subway stops from the centre. Very close to highway and train station. -Smoking outside please. -Info house: one bedroom with a double bed, living room and a conservatory/dining room. Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine and a piano. My part of the East is pretty booming. More","My part of the East is pretty booming. More and more cute restaurants, bars and coffee places are opening up a couple of blocks from my house. You can find anything from wicked Thai to a bad ass pizza walking distance from my house.   ",You can park your car for free a couple of subway stops from my house. ,
