"My apartment on the top floor of a canal house is at the heart of the city! Enjoy the view of Amsterdam's oldest tower and the beautiful StNicolas church from the open attic. China town, bars, restaurants, Central Station, everything is minutes away!","My sweet attic is the top floor of a canal house built at the end of the 18th century. This floor was used to store goods that came in by ship on the canal and were lift up through the shutters. Two years ago it was completely renovated, with new bathroom and kitchen. Under the shutters I made a nice place to sit and enjoy the view. ","My apartment on the top floor of a canal house is at the heart of the city! Enjoy the view of Amsterdam's oldest tower and the beautiful StNicolas church from the open attic. China town, bars, restaurants, Central Station, everything is minutes away! My sweet attic is the top floor of a canal house built at the end of the 18th century. This floor was used to store goods that came in by ship on the canal and were lift up through the shutters. Two years ago it was completely renovated, with new bathroom and kitchen. Under the shutters I made a nice place to sit and enjoy the view.  You will have the whole apartment to yourself. This means bathroom with shower, equipped kitchen with fridge, oven/ micro combi, cookbooks, herbs and spices, a queen size bed, washing machine, and lots of books. I'll tuck away most of my stuff, but if you feel like reading or browse through a beautiful photobook, go ahead!  I will have information and instructions ready for you, so you know just what to do and","The apartment is located at the heart of the city. Just a 5 minute walk from central station, which is only 20 minutes from Airport Schiphol. At the end of the street is Nieuwmarkt (market square) with lots of nice bars and restaurant, every saturday biological food market and a lot of Asian food because China Town is parallel to my street. I can point out the good shops and restaurants in the area that are a little bit hidden if you don't know the city well. Waterloo Vintage market, Eye Filmmuseum, the Jewish quarter, the Public Library, Dam square, whatever you like, it's near! ","You can rent a bike at every corner and just go! Or take  tram, metro, bus or train across the street. ",I hope you feel at home in my place and trust you will treat it like your own. These houses are part monument so they need a little care and tenderness.
