"Located 15 minutes from the center of Amsterdam, The Floating Mansion has been featured on documentaries such as National Geographic, YouTube and BBC. This three bedroom home is modern and well equipped to make sure you will look back on your trip to Amsterdam with precious memories. #",2000sqft / 165m3 modern boathouse with rooftop patio. 3 bedrooms (one containing 2 pull-out sofas) and water/boat access from inside the living room. Parking is free after 19 and on Sunday.  Paid  parking is in effect from 08:00 - 19:00 Monday  -  Saturday. Two lovely cats live on the property and need to be cared for by you. They are super friendly and make great companions to your amazing trip. #,"Located 15 minutes from the center of Amsterdam, The Floating Mansion has been featured on documentaries such as National Geographic, YouTube and BBC. This three bedroom home is modern and well equipped to make sure you will look back on your trip to Amsterdam with precious memories. # 2000sqft / 165m3 modern boathouse with rooftop patio. 3 bedrooms (one containing 2 pull-out sofas) and water/boat access from inside the living room. Parking is free after 19 and on Sunday.  Paid  parking is in effect from 08:00 - 19:00 Monday  -  Saturday. Two lovely cats live on the property and need to be cared for by you. They are super friendly and make great companions to your amazing trip. # Guests have access to the entire home, nothing restricted at all. Not much as we are out of town while you are here. ""Steigereiland"" is a collection of 50 custom homes designed by famous architechts in The Netherlands. The homes are quite unique as they are completely floating. The surrounding water is maintai","""Steigereiland"" is a collection of 50 custom homes designed by famous architechts in The Netherlands. The homes are quite unique as they are completely floating. The surrounding water is maintained by the city to ensure quality swimming for both adults and children. Great for fishing and swimming.","Tram 26 comes on the street outside of the house and drops you directly at Central Station, which is the heart of the downtown center. The journey with the tram takes 15 minutes to the heart of downtown.","★ You must translate and read these rules to all guests in the house ★ Be quiet when coming down the dock, carry luggage if possible as opposed to dragging down the dock - it makes alot of noise ★ Do not knock on the neighbors door for any reason and don't ask questions on the dock - they have requested not to be contacted by guests ★ Keep doors / windows closed, especially if playing music inside, sound carries over water ★ Smoking only on the roof patio - not indoors, not on the dock ★ Don't flush anything down the toilets except toilet paper - pump will clog ★ Patio use not allowed after 11PM ★ Visitors not allowed for any reason ★ No shoes in the house ★ At check-out, garbage cans empty and removed from house, dishes in the dishwasher and turned on ★ Feed cats twice daily and remove/replace bag from litter box if necessary ★ Water flowers every 2 days if staying in Spring, Summer or Fall ★ Have fun!"
