"Situated in the Jordaan, the coolest, hippest place in Amsterdam. Treat yourself to a self catering private guest quarters with: free coffee/tea, and a big comfy bed. Comfortable for 2 adults (and possibly up to max 2 more on another pull out bed).","Located in the heart of the Jordaan, in city central Amsterdam. Our backroom, formally the guest quarters of an artist atelier, is on the ground floor, access to a garden, fully private and all main attractions, cafe's / restaurants, and shopping are within a walking distance. Our neighborhood rocks! There is always something going on. Festivals, concerts, and everyday shopping on the nine's streets, dining or getting a drink in the many bars and restaurants.  You have a private, ""Amsterdam style"" ensuite bathroom (shower, toilet), a great real bed, a microwave / oven, fridge / freezer, a Nespresso machine,  and a great skylight. The studio apartment can sleep up to 2 adults comfortably, and up to max 2 more on a pull our day bed.  If you are coming with 4 people, we ask for a 2 night minimum stay. It's just too much laundry for 1 night.  The garden area is great to use on a nice day and the room has these amazing glass ceilings which bring in a lot of natural light.  As a guest, you w","Situated in the Jordaan, the coolest, hippest place in Amsterdam. Treat yourself to a self catering private guest quarters with: free coffee/tea, and a big comfy bed. Comfortable for 2 adults (and possibly up to max 2 more on another pull out bed). Located in the heart of the Jordaan, in city central Amsterdam. Our backroom, formally the guest quarters of an artist atelier, is on the ground floor, access to a garden, fully private and all main attractions, cafe's / restaurants, and shopping are within a walking distance. Our neighborhood rocks! There is always something going on. Festivals, concerts, and everyday shopping on the nine's streets, dining or getting a drink in the many bars and restaurants.  You have a private, ""Amsterdam style"" ensuite bathroom (shower, toilet), a great real bed, a microwave / oven, fridge / freezer, a Nespresso machine,  and a great skylight. The studio apartment can sleep up to 2 adults comfortably, and up to max 2 more on a pull our day bed.  If you ar","The Elandsgracht is a well known street and area in the Jordaan. There are many great restaurants, and shops on our street. Once you walk over the bridge from the Prinsengracht, you enter the nine streets, one of the most popular shopping areas in the City.  The Anne Frank House is just a 5 minute walk from our place.","Public transportation is down the street: Trams 7, 10 and 17, bus 170, 172, not to mention the Marnixstraat bus station is on the corner, and bus 397 is the direct bus to and from Schipol Airport, which takes about 35 minutes and only  €5 (beats a taxi).","The backroom is located off our garden and is only accessible by going through our house. We would like guests to be considerate of this. You will be given a key so you can let yourselves in and out. No one sleeps on the ground floor, so you don't need to worry about disturbing anyone.  We are a family and we ask that the backroom be used with this in mind. We do not allow loud parties or drugs on our property.  Please don't smoke inside the Backroom. Feel free to smoke (cigarettes) in the yard area."
