Cosy and comfortable apartment on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam building in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'.,"In 'De Pijp' you can find really good restaurants for descent prices, fantastic cafés, coffee shops and bars.  Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the famous Albert Cuijp Market, the Heineken brewery, the Van Gogh Museum and the Rijksmuseum. (All within walking distance from the apartment.) The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam. The apartment is also close to the Amstel and the famous canals of Amsterdam. From the Central Station it is very easy to get to the apartment by public transportation. The apartment:  The apartment is light, modern and just renovated.  The entrance of the apartment is at the second floor. After the entrance leads into a living/dining room with open kitchen (with dishwasher, oven, microwave) .  At the back of the apartment you can find separate cosy bedroom with double bed. Next to the bedroom is a spacious bathroom.  There is also internet and cable TV available.","Cosy and comfortable apartment on the second floor of a typical Amsterdam building in the very populair neighbourhood 'De Pijp'. In 'De Pijp' you can find really good restaurants for descent prices, fantastic cafés, coffee shops and bars.  Of course, a visit to Amsterdam wouldn’t be the same without a trip to the famous Albert Cuijp Market, the Heineken brewery, the Van Gogh Museum and the Rijksmuseum. (All within walking distance from the apartment.) The Albert Cuyp market (just round the corner) is the most famous day market in Amsterdam. The apartment is also close to the Amstel and the famous canals of Amsterdam. From the Central Station it is very easy to get to the apartment by public transportation. The apartment:  The apartment is light, modern and just renovated.  The entrance of the apartment is at the second floor. After the entrance leads into a living/dining room with open kitchen (with dishwasher, oven, microwave) .  At the back of the apartment you can find separate cosy",,,
