,"Stay in the heart of Amsterdam with an abundance of boutiques, museums, restaurants and cafés on your doorstep. In the most convivial neighborhood, de Jordaan, you will find the houseboat of your dreams. The romantic and authenic Captains cabin is located on the Keizersgracht near to the brouwersgracht and is suited for up to 2 persons. The houseboat is situated within walking distance to everything Amsterdam has to offer. The houseboat is a monumental, authentic ship built in 1927 with a beautiful Berkel motor that is still running, the only one in the Netherlands.  One bedroom with a doublebed A private entrance and your own key code means you can come and go as you please.  The boat is available for short stays but also for longer periods. The captains cabin is in the authentic style that makes it a really special, romantic and original way of spending your holiday in Amsterdam. A cosy sleepingcabin with a double bed and LCD with DVD, a sweet little living, seperate shower and toile","Stay in the heart of Amsterdam with an abundance of boutiques, museums, restaurants and cafés on your doorstep. In the most convivial neighborhood, de Jordaan, you will find the houseboat of your dreams. The romantic and authenic Captains cabin is located on the Keizersgracht near to the brouwersgracht and is suited for up to 2 persons. The houseboat is situated within walking distance to everything Amsterdam has to offer. The houseboat is a monumental, authentic ship built in 1927 with a beautiful Berkel motor that is still running, the only one in the Netherlands.  One bedroom with a doublebed A private entrance and your own key code means you can come and go as you please.  The boat is available for short stays but also for longer periods. The captains cabin is in the authentic style that makes it a really special, romantic and original way of spending your holiday in Amsterdam. A cosy sleepingcabin with a double bed and LCD with DVD, a sweet little living, seperate shower and toile","The houseboat is situated in the center, the middle of the Jordaan neighborhood, within walking distance from Amsterdam Central Station. The small houses are typical of a neighborhood built for the working class and migrants. In the sixties a large-scale renovation of the old buildings took place. Families with children left and entrepreneurs and students came to take their place. The Jordaan, bursting with intimate boutiques, café's and restaurants, is the ideal place to live! Situated in the immediate vicinity are various places of interest and museums such as the Anne Frank House, the Westertoren, the Palace on Dam Square, Madame Tussauds and the trendy Westerpark with plenty of new places to eat and drink. The Jordaan itself is home to a number of old ‘hofjes', publicly accessible courtyards such as the Lindenhofje and the Looyershofje which are certainly worth a visit. On a Saturday you can combine a visit to a ‘hofje' with a stroll around the organic farmers' market or the Antiqu","bike rental, trams, busses, trains we can arrange transfer from and to the airport",No noise after 2100
