"A modern appartment in an original 17th century canal house. Located in the heart, yet in a very quiet quarter of inner Amsterdam. With a view over the widest, and middle canal, the Keizersgracht, and two of the 7 'parallel bridges'.","Two-level appartment with a mezzanine covering over one hundred square metres. The basement, in which a large living kitchen is situated, with a streetview. The 'belle étage' or the 1st floor, which has a comfortable living area with a 4.5 metres (15ft) high ceiling, and an authentic fire place. A mezzanine separates the space, and creates a 2nd bedroom/entertainment area, with a projector screen coming down from the ceiling at the touch of a button. The area in the quiet back holds the master bedroom, and a walk in rain shower.","A modern appartment in an original 17th century canal house. Located in the heart, yet in a very quiet quarter of inner Amsterdam. With a view over the widest, and middle canal, the Keizersgracht, and two of the 7 'parallel bridges'. Two-level appartment with a mezzanine covering over one hundred square metres. The basement, in which a large living kitchen is situated, with a streetview. The 'belle étage' or the 1st floor, which has a comfortable living area with a 4.5 metres (15ft) high ceiling, and an authentic fire place. A mezzanine separates the space, and creates a 2nd bedroom/entertainment area, with a projector screen coming down from the ceiling at the touch of a button. The area in the quiet back holds the master bedroom, and a walk in rain shower. Internet, cable TV and home cinema.  Baby bed, baby bath, baby dining chair, and playpen can also be provided. Check in, check out, and for special requests. Village like area. Perfect for strolls, coffee on a terrace. And just aro","Village like area. Perfect for strolls, coffee on a terrace. And just around the corner you'll find a pittoresque square where families, and kids hang around to play. The Utrechtsestraat is also around the corner and combines good shopping, with nice bars, and restaurants.","Tram line 4 stops about 100 meters from the house, and it takes you directly to central station (12 min), or to congres center RAI (14 min), for instance.",It's a residential building. Keeping nuisance to a minimum is important. A copy of house rules and instructions will be issued on arrival.
