please notice price changes according with season of time of year from €90 till €145. airbnb add is own fee and tourist taxes.,"the loft is a big room of 65 m2 on street level with its private toilet and shower, private kitchen and its own independent entrance. it is the ground floor of my house, practically a privateapartment, yet is in the same house and we have to share making/hearing sounds..  It is in a very quite street in the oldwest Amsterdam. Close by tenkatemarkt, the Halles and shopping streets. Very good connected to the centrum. 10 minutes walking to Jordaan or Vondelpark. One big living /sleeping room with one big real double bed and two very comfortable double sleeping couches Plenty of sheets and towels. Internet, windows pc, TV and sound system. Easy to get there: tram 17 from Central Station or Lelylaan Station. Direction: Kinkerstraat. Stop: Tenkatestraat.  tram 13 from centraal station, stop : Willem de zwijgerlaan","please notice price changes according with season of time of year from €90 till €145. airbnb add is own fee and tourist taxes. the loft is a big room of 65 m2 on street level with its private toilet and shower, private kitchen and its own independent entrance. it is the ground floor of my house, practically a privateapartment, yet is in the same house and we have to share making/hearing sounds..  It is in a very quite street in the oldwest Amsterdam. Close by tenkatemarkt, the Halles and shopping streets. Very good connected to the centrum. 10 minutes walking to Jordaan or Vondelpark. One big living /sleeping room with one big real double bed and two very comfortable double sleeping couches Plenty of sheets and towels. Internet, windows pc, TV and sound system. Easy to get there: tram 17 from Central Station or Lelylaan Station. Direction: Kinkerstraat. Stop: Tenkatestraat.  tram 13 from centraal station, stop : Willem de zwijgerlaan the loft  is private but i am available in case of n","different  than the center this neighborhood is still quiet a mix with jong families, singles, students, expats , there is a squat, next to a coffeshop  in front of a moskee...a daily outdoor fresh market, a few secondhand little shops  and many littles bars and restaurants and fast foods.there are playgrounds for kids.","with car you can park around for €3 per hour or a daily price about €30 night and sunday free. otherwise you can live the car at the parking P+R station Sloterdijk and get the tram 12 to stop Willem de zwijgerlaan. from the airport (around 30min) train to Amsterdam Centraal station or Lelylaan  and tram17, (stop tenkatestraat) around €7 per person . Taxi around €40 from the airport and 12 from the central station.","Respect for house, items and neighbors. No loud noises after 22."
