"Welkom in Amsterdam! En welkom in de Jordaan! Deze fantastische buurt op loopafstand van de bekende bezienswaardigheden, heeft alles wat je maar wenst: gezellige cafe's, de Noordermarkt, restaurants en tal van winkels en galeries. Dit appartement is de perfecte plek om te ontspannen na een dagje Amsterdam. Het gehele appartement staat tot jouw beschikking en biedt je alle privacy en ruimte. Voel je een Amsterdammer en voel je hier thuis!","Cosy apartment in the middle of the city-centre of Amsterdam in the cosy Jordaan-Area.  The apartment has all accommodations like a dish-washer, washing-machine, WiFi, etc. One bedroom with double bed, small bathroom, living-room and kitchen/dining-room. Apartment located behind the Noorderkerk in the popular and Jordaan-area, 15 min. walk from the Central Station. Close to the Anne Frank-house, Westerkerk, Dam, 9 little streets, etc.  Public transport very close-by. The neighborhood is crowded with little cafés, restaurants and shops. My apartment is in an historical building from around 1748, and one of the only houses in the street with the escutcheon of it in the frontispiece (a tree). It's a recently renovated apartment with a lot of light and the street is full of the real Amsterdam-feeling: you'll love it!","Cosy apartment in the middle of the city-centre of Amsterdam in the cosy Jordaan-Area.  The apartment has all accommodations like a dish-washer, washing-machine, WiFi, etc. One bedroom with double bed, small bathroom, living-room and kitchen/dining-room. Apartment located behind the Noorderkerk in the popular and Jordaan-area, 15 min. walk from the Central Station. Close to the Anne Frank-house, Westerkerk, Dam, 9 little streets, etc.  Public transport very close-by. The neighborhood is crowded with little cafés, restaurants and shops. My apartment is in an historical building from around 1748, and one of the only houses in the street with the escutcheon of it in the frontispiece (a tree). It's a recently renovated apartment with a lot of light and the street is full of the real Amsterdam-feeling: you'll love it!",De Jordaan is een authentieke Amsterdamse buurt. Ga vooral langs op de Noordermarkt of drink een biertje in Cafe Nol terwijl er gezongen wordt in de vensterbank. Voor meer hippe winkels zijn de bekende Negen Straatjes om de hoek.,Het Centraal Station is op ongeveer 10 minuten lopen en bussen en trams stoppen op ca. 5 minuten lopen.,"Normal house rules apply, such as keep it decent inside and don’t cause rumor for the neighbors. We all know Amsterdam is famous for it's coffee shops, but I kindly ask not to smoke those in my apartment, coffee shops provide a smoking space for that."
