This is certainly a great place to stay when you visit our lovely city. This romantic room on the top floor of a family house has a sunny terrace and lots of privacy and it’s the perfect place to stay during your visit to Amsterdam.,"The house is in a quiet neighborhood on the north side of Amsterdam, just 20 minutes away from the city center and close by the more rural areas surrounding Amsterdam making it easy for you to choose different kinds of day programs.  Will you choose to discover all of what the city has to offer or will you prefer to explore the rich waters of Waterland during an adventurous canoe tour? Whatever you choose to do, I will make sure to help you get around so you don’t miss anything and will look back to an unforgettable stay in Amsterdam.  This is more than a just a B&B. You are actually staying at a local’s house and you will notice it feels like staying with a friend. The Room Upstairs is on the second floor of the house. In the room there’s a comfortable double bed with a new mattress and a surprise hidden bed in the closet for 1 small person or a child. There’s a washing table in the room and a shared bathroom in the house. The room is big enough for 2-3 persons but if you are a group ","This is certainly a great place to stay when you visit our lovely city. This romantic room on the top floor of a family house has a sunny terrace and lots of privacy and it’s the perfect place to stay during your visit to Amsterdam. The house is in a quiet neighborhood on the north side of Amsterdam, just 20 minutes away from the city center and close by the more rural areas surrounding Amsterdam making it easy for you to choose different kinds of day programs.  Will you choose to discover all of what the city has to offer or will you prefer to explore the rich waters of Waterland during an adventurous canoe tour? Whatever you choose to do, I will make sure to help you get around so you don’t miss anything and will look back to an unforgettable stay in Amsterdam.  This is more than a just a B&B. You are actually staying at a local’s house and you will notice it feels like staying with a friend. The Room Upstairs is on the second floor of the house. In the room there’s a comfortable dou","The nicest part about my house is the fact that is so quiet after a busy day in the city center. You will enjoy arriving here and feel like you are away from it all. Sit by the waterside and enjoy my garden as you drink a refreshing glass of wine or a hot cup of tea while talking about all the things you've done all day. My house is not near the city center but you can take a bus that will bring you right to the heart of the city in less than 20 minutes. My house is on the North side of Amsterdam, just 10 minutes from the trendy NDSM Warf where you will find amazing spots to eat and chill-out and about 20 minutes with the bus to the city center.  The bus is only a 5 minute walk from my house.",There is a small shopping center 10 minutes’ walk through the park and a supermarket even more close by where you can get some snacks or drinks.  Parking is free in my neighborhood. You can park your car just around the corner.,"Smoking only allowed in the garden/balcony. Check in before 2 pm = ONLY bag drop off and key collect. Please note you cannot stay here or take a shower when arriving before 2pm.  Check in after 22:00 (10pm)? Please ask before booking.  Check-out at 11am (including breakfast). If you need more time please let me know. You can store the bags here if you want. Kitchen is only available for preparing breakfast from 7am to 12pm (except on check out day). All you need for breakfast is provided.  No cooking or eating meals in the room. If you want to sit in the living room/kitchen to have a meal after 12 pm, please ask before doing so. The living room is part of my private area when not used for breakfast.  You are welcome to sit in the garden anytime you like. Be respectful and enjoy my home as much as I do."
