"Great white and relaxed bedroom on the rooftop with open doors to our terrace. Quiet, green and save neighbourhood in EAST A'dam. Near tram (15-20m) and train (8 min) to the centre of Amsterdam. We share the bathroom, but thats no problem at all for us!","The bedroom is on the third floor. There are open doors to our rooftopterrace, and in the morning the sun is on it (yeah, I know, when it shines). The room is white, relaxed and spacious.","Great white and relaxed bedroom on the rooftop with open doors to our terrace. Quiet, green and save neighbourhood in EAST A'dam. Near tram (15-20m) and train (8 min) to the centre of Amsterdam. We share the bathroom, but thats no problem at all for us! The bedroom is on the third floor. There are open doors to our rooftopterrace, and in the morning the sun is on it (yeah, I know, when it shines). The room is white, relaxed and spacious. We share the bathroom. There's a bath and a big shower. The room is on the third floor, to come there you take the stairs right true our house. We have a busy familylife, we and the kids go in en out for work, school, sports and more and more. But when we are at home we love to help you with everything you want to know about Amsterdam. Lets drink a cup coffee or a glass of wine with you (and when you want of course, it's not committed ;-) Green, safe and quiet. Near two beautiful city-parks (Frankendael and Flevopark). Watergraafsmeer is in East-Amster","Green, safe and quiet. Near two beautiful city-parks (Frankendael and Flevopark). Watergraafsmeer is in East-Amsterdam and is one of the best neighbourhoods of the city. A lot of shops, restaurants, cafes and more. But: it's NOT in the centre, takes a little time to come there.",Tram 9 to centre: 2 minute walk. 10 minutes to citycentre. Trainstation Science-park: 5 minute walk. Direct line to Schiphol (30 minutes) and Central Station (5 minutes).,"When you rent our white bedroom,  we stay also at home. So please respect out familylife, but we think you will ;)"
