"Super apartment 1 min away from the Westerpark, 2 min to the Jordaan and 10 min away from central station.  Perfect place to stay in with all the comfort you need for a visit to Amsterdam!","Enjoy a stay in my great apartment located at the trendy Westerpark area just outside the city center and easy to reach from Central Station! The apartment is located on the first floor.  The Westerpark area is very trendy with many cute bars, cafe's and restaurants. The popular cultural park itself is just 1 minute walk from the apartment and is a great place to visit to have a drink, go to the cinema or just for a walk around the park. The apartment itself has a bright & spacious Living room with a small balcony. You'll find a nice flatscreen tv and a hifi-stereo with an iPod/iPhone connection. There is WiFi throughout the apartment so you're always connected!  The Bedrooms have 2  comfortable double beds with all fresh & clean linnen. I will make some space for you in the closet to unpack your clothes or other belongings. It's very quiet so you will have no trouble sleeping.  The Bathroom is clean and is just the right size with a toilet, a shower and a sink. All the towels and show","Super apartment 1 min away from the Westerpark, 2 min to the Jordaan and 10 min away from central station.  Perfect place to stay in with all the comfort you need for a visit to Amsterdam! Enjoy a stay in my great apartment located at the trendy Westerpark area just outside the city center and easy to reach from Central Station! The apartment is located on the first floor.  The Westerpark area is very trendy with many cute bars, cafe's and restaurants. The popular cultural park itself is just 1 minute walk from the apartment and is a great place to visit to have a drink, go to the cinema or just for a walk around the park. The apartment itself has a bright & spacious Living room with a small balcony. You'll find a nice flatscreen tv and a hifi-stereo with an iPod/iPhone connection. There is WiFi throughout the apartment so you're always connected!  The Bedrooms have 2  comfortable double beds with all fresh & clean linnen. I will make some space for you in the closet to unpack your clo",,The apartment is easy to reach from Central Station by taxi which will cost you around 10 euro's.  You can also catch Bus 22 in front of Central Station and it stops right in front of the apartment.  In the street you can rent bikes to explore the city,
