"Our house is located in the southern part of the center, nearby the Prinsengracht. We live here now for almost 20 years. Our neighborhood is a pleasant mix of living, shopping and working. It's a lively area, were people like to come for drinks and bites. We care about our neighborhood and Amsterdam. So therefor parties and what ever kind of drugs are strictly forbidden in our accommodation. Who stays with us, has to show consideration with the neighbors. Who doesn't, has to leave.","BB The Warehouse is a private room with two floors (existing out of a living room and a bed room with bath room) in the centre of Amsterdam, nearby all the main hotspots and highlights. The Warehouse is situated in a lively neighborhood, with lot's of shops, restaurants, bars and nightlife. The important musea are nearby, just like the popular squares. You could visit the trendy Vondelpark, or just sit down on a terrace on Rembrandtsquare or Leidsesquare. If you like the great designers, visit the PC Hooftstraat, or the Bijenkorf at Damsquare. And if you're thru discovering Amsterdam by day, there is a whole other world to discover during the night.   There is quiet and spacious bedroom with modern bathroom for two persons on the ground floor. You can make coffee and tea, and there is a small fridge to keep your drinks cool. Staying in The Warehouse makes you feel at home in the very middle of Amsterdam.  Because the central position of The Warehouse, you can go anywhere by foot, but t","Our house is located in the southern part of the center, nearby the Prinsengracht. We live here now for almost 20 years. Our neighborhood is a pleasant mix of living, shopping and working. It's a lively area, were people like to come for drinks and bites. We care about our neighborhood and Amsterdam. So therefor parties and what ever kind of drugs are strictly forbidden in our accommodation. Who stays with us, has to show consideration with the neighbors. Who doesn't, has to leave. BB The Warehouse is a private room with two floors (existing out of a living room and a bed room with bath room) in the centre of Amsterdam, nearby all the main hotspots and highlights. The Warehouse is situated in a lively neighborhood, with lot's of shops, restaurants, bars and nightlife. The important musea are nearby, just like the popular squares. You could visit the trendy Vondelpark, or just sit down on a terrace on Rembrandtsquare or Leidsesquare. If you like the great designers, visit the PC Hooftst",,"There is a tram stop almost in front of our door. As we say in Amsterdam: if you stumble one time, you will be in front of it.  Parking in the center of Amsterdam is a nuisance and expensive. So leave your car at one of the P&R lots and take public transport to the center.",All the other facilities that you see in the images are included  and they are private
