,"This first floor apartment is ideal for a family with children, or a group of friends wanting to explore Amsterdam. The location on a corner offers you a panoramic view of de Baarsjes in Old-West, Amsterdam's best kept secret. Both peace & quiet and bustle & excitement are literally around the corner. Walk two minutes in one direction and you enter the beautiful Rembrandtpark, just behind the house. Walk two minutes the other way and you will hit the Mercatorplein, with a big supermarket and other shops, an underground car park and a bus and tram stop connecting you swiftly to the rest of Amsterdam. For food as excellent as it is affordable, you can stay in the neighbourhood. On the Mercatorplein itself there is restaurant Zurich, the surrounding streets offer Café Cook, Speykervet and other great venues. Getting out of the city is just as easy: the A10 West-ringroad and train stations Lelylaan and Sloterdijk are very close. Your neighbours are a colourful mix from all over the world a","This first floor apartment is ideal for a family with children, or a group of friends wanting to explore Amsterdam. The location on a corner offers you a panoramic view of de Baarsjes in Old-West, Amsterdam's best kept secret. Both peace & quiet and bustle & excitement are literally around the corner. Walk two minutes in one direction and you enter the beautiful Rembrandtpark, just behind the house. Walk two minutes the other way and you will hit the Mercatorplein, with a big supermarket and other shops, an underground car park and a bus and tram stop connecting you swiftly to the rest of Amsterdam. For food as excellent as it is affordable, you can stay in the neighbourhood. On the Mercatorplein itself there is restaurant Zurich, the surrounding streets offer Café Cook, Speykervet and other great venues. Getting out of the city is just as easy: the A10 West-ringroad and train stations Lelylaan and Sloterdijk are very close. Your neighbours are a colourful mix from all over the world a","What we really love about our neighbourhood:  It is very mixed. Older long-term residents from its blue-collar past live together with people from all over the world. ""De Baarsjes"" as it is called (the little bass – the fish, not the instrument), is the only Amsterdam borough housing at least one representative of all the officially recognised nationalities on earth.  It is very neighbourly. Many residents, like us and some of our direct neighbours, are in close touch with each other. We keep an eye on the old and needy, and whenever the weather allows it, we will gather outside on our generous pavements for a drink and a chat. Come and join us!  The restaurants. For foodies, De Baarsjes is home to a few of the best value-for-money deals available in the whole of Amsterdam.","Getting to and fro our apartment couldn't be easier.  If you arrive at Schiphol airport, the easiest way out is by train. Get out at Lelylaan station ( a six minute ride from Schiphol) or Sloterdijk station (a ten minute ride).  From Lelylaan, take tram 17 and get out at the Hoofdweg-Postjesweg stop. Cross the Postjesweg and continue along Hoofdweg in the direction of the clock tower marking out Mercatorplein; you will see the tower in the distance directly ahead of you. Take the first street to your left, Willem Schoutenstraat, and after that the second street to your right: Orteliusstraat. Our house is the one with the red front door at the corner of the next crossing, of Orteliusstraat and Van Spilbergenstraat. The whole walk takes ten minutes.  From Sloterdijk station, take bus 15 and get out at the Hoofdweg-Mercatorplein stop. You will see the second tower marking out Mercatorplein – the one without a clock – directly ahead of you. Walk through the gate in the tower, and immediate",
