Comfortable and well maintained apartment overlooking the beautiful Admiralengracht canal in trendy Amsterdam West. The apartment is within walking distance of ‘De Hallen’ the famous Vondelpark and around the corner in the Jan Evertsenstraat you can find many bars and restaurants. The tram or bus will take you to the Dam square in only 10 minutes.,"The apartment is on the first floor and the living room consists of a sitting area with TV including Apple TV connection and the receiver can stream your phone or tablet with Spotify connect or airplay. The doors to the balcony on the front (with two chairs) overlook the canal. From this balcony you can enjoy the passing boats. There is an open kitchen, fully equipped and the bedroom has a double bed with brand new mattresses. At the rear the balcony is larger and has 2 chairs and a table as well. The 2 balcony’s give you sun from the 7.30 in the morning till 19.30 in the evening!","Comfortable and well maintained apartment overlooking the beautiful Admiralengracht canal in trendy Amsterdam West. The apartment is within walking distance of ‘De Hallen’ the famous Vondelpark and around the corner in the Jan Evertsenstraat you can find many bars and restaurants. The tram or bus will take you to the Dam square in only 10 minutes. The apartment is on the first floor and the living room consists of a sitting area with TV including Apple TV connection and the receiver can stream your phone or tablet with Spotify connect or airplay. The doors to the balcony on the front (with two chairs) overlook the canal. From this balcony you can enjoy the passing boats. There is an open kitchen, fully equipped and the bedroom has a double bed with brand new mattresses. At the rear the balcony is larger and has 2 chairs and a table as well. The 2 balcony’s give you sun from the 7.30 in the morning till 19.30 in the evening! You will have access to all the rooms in the appartment If you",Amsterdam West is booming! You are close to 3 parks including the famous Vondelpark and tons of sweet new bars and restaurants in the neighborhood.,From Central Station it's best to take tram 13 or bus 18 and get out at the Marco Polostraat stop. From there it's only a 150m. walk. From Schiphol Airport you can take the train to Amsterdam Lelylaan and from there tram 17 and get out at stop Witte de Withstraat from there it's a 700m walk.,"Welcome to Amsterdam! Hereby the manuals for the electrical devices:  Connect ipod to Stereo living room  1) Attach ipod 2) Switch on machine  3) Choose video for ipod Stream TV sound to stereo: 1) Switch on TV with semi-round control device 2) Swich on Stereo with rectangle control device and press the ‘dvd’  button 3) For surround movie sound when watching TV press ‘movie’ 4) For sound on all the speakers press ‘music’ Connect Apple device to apple TV 1)Switch TV via round remote to HDMI 1 (input button) 2)Choose airplay button on mobile device Dishwashing machine  1) Fill dishwasher and put block in the dishwasher (cupboard under sink) 2) Choose eco program  3) Press play  4) Close door Washing machine:  1) Turn on the electricity for the machine by pulling the cord above 2) Put laundry in and close door firmly  3) Swith on machine  4) Choose program  5) Press start for 2 seconds  And some other things to please keep in mind… NO SMOKING in the apartment, outside on the balcony is ok"
