"Modern - furnished - loft style apartment (70m2) with a stunning roof terrace (40m2). Located in the trendy neighbourhood de Pijp, with the Albert Cuyp market, Rijks - van Gogh and it's pubs within walking distance. Perfect for a romantic citytrip.","This loft has everything you need to make it your home away from home. It has a comfy big living room with sitting and dining area (flatscreen, cable, WIFI), a modern open kitchen with all amenities and a roof terrace! The living room has a a couch, a 42"" TV, PS3, Apple TV, coffee table and bookshelves. The kitchen is fully equipped with a stove, an oven, dishwasher, a design fridge / freezer, espresso machine, water boiler, toaster, pots & pans, silverware, plates and everything else you need to cook a great meal! The bathroom has a bath, separate shower and sink. Towels are included and there is a separate toilet. The bedroom has a large double bed (210cm x 180cm) and a large closet to hang your clothes in.  There is also a huge roof terrace (40m2) with a panoramic view that has sun all day long. A large couch is available, including back and seat cushions. In addition, there is a table with chairs, so you can start the day with a tasty breakfast and a killer view. ","Modern - furnished - loft style apartment (70m2) with a stunning roof terrace (40m2). Located in the trendy neighbourhood de Pijp, with the Albert Cuyp market, Rijks - van Gogh and it's pubs within walking distance. Perfect for a romantic citytrip. This loft has everything you need to make it your home away from home. It has a comfy big living room with sitting and dining area (flatscreen, cable, WIFI), a modern open kitchen with all amenities and a roof terrace! The living room has a a couch, a 42"" TV, PS3, Apple TV, coffee table and bookshelves. The kitchen is fully equipped with a stove, an oven, dishwasher, a design fridge / freezer, espresso machine, water boiler, toaster, pots & pans, silverware, plates and everything else you need to cook a great meal! The bathroom has a bath, separate shower and sink. Towels are included and there is a separate toilet. The bedroom has a large double bed (210cm x 180cm) and a large closet to hang your clothes in.  There is also a huge roof terra","You have over 200 cafes, bars and restaurants within a 5 minute walking distance. The famous Albert Cuyp Market. Rijks & Van Gogh Museum & canal area within walking distance. Quartier Latin  Sarphatipark  Albert Cuyp market  Restaurants & bars  Art- & conceptstores  Museum square walking distance  Citycenter: walking distance  RAI: walking distance","There are multiple tramstop close to the house, which enable you to explore Amsterdam to its fullest. ","This apartment is my home, so whilst you are free to enjoy it as such, please treat it with respect and tlc! No smoking & drugs allowed."
