"This cozy and trendy apartment is located in the upcoming neighbourhood De Baarsjes, West. Lots of cool places have recently opened up just around the corner. Good restaurants, pop-up shops and cool places to start your day with a coffee.","This apartment is 52m and situated on the 1st floor. The apartment is totally private. The kitchen is part of the living room and there are 2 balcony's. There is 1 bedroom with a double bed, a big closet and access to one of the balconies. There is a bathroom with a rain and handshower.  I provide you with clean towels and sheets.","This cozy and trendy apartment is located in the upcoming neighbourhood De Baarsjes, West. Lots of cool places have recently opened up just around the corner. Good restaurants, pop-up shops and cool places to start your day with a coffee. This apartment is 52m and situated on the 1st floor. The apartment is totally private. The kitchen is part of the living room and there are 2 balcony's. There is 1 bedroom with a double bed, a big closet and access to one of the balconies. There is a bathroom with a rain and handshower.  I provide you with clean towels and sheets. If you have any questions about Amsterdam you can always call, email or text me. I would love to help! De Baarsjes is a great neighborhood with lots to do. Cool restaurants, shops and cafes are just around the corner and within 10 minutes by bike you are in the centre of Amsterdam. The tram stops at the end of the street. Public transport Amsterdam Central station You can take tram 13 (direction Geuzenveld) which stops at Ma","De Baarsjes is a great neighborhood with lots to do. Cool restaurants, shops and cafes are just around the corner and within 10 minutes by bike you are in the centre of Amsterdam. The tram stops at the end of the street.","Public transport Amsterdam Central station You can take tram 13 (direction Geuzenveld) which stops at Marco Polostraat. From here it's only 3 minutes walk to my apartment.  Or you can take tram 12 ( direction Amstelstation) Get off at tramstop Jan van Galenstraat/Admiraal de Ruijterweg. From here you just go straight on the Jan Evertsenstraat. It's a 7 minute walk to my apartment.  Schiphol Airport From the airport you take the train to Station Sloterdijk. From here you can take tram 12. Tramstop Jan van Galenstraat/Admiraal de Ruijterweg. From here it's only 7 minutes walk to my apartment.  By car Parking costs are 2,40 euro per hour or 20 euro for the whole day, on sundays it's free parking.  If you want to park your car less expensive you can use P+R Bos en Lommer Address:  Leeuwendalersweg 23b Amsterdam  (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Monday – Friday before 10 am: € 8,00 for the first 24 hours, afterwards € 1,- per day. Monday – Friday after 10 am:  € 1,- per 24 hours, afterwards € 1,",No smoking in the house please. There are two balcony's where you can smoke. You can play music ofcourse but at 10 pm the volume should go down for my neighbours.
