"Great apartment in Amsterdam's most vibrant and lively neighborhood, De Pijp!   Characteristic meets trendy in this apartment. City centre, museum district, Albert Cuyp market, Sarphatipark, great restaurants and bar street within walking distance!","The apartment (build around 1900, renovated in 2011) offers the best of both worlds. Some of the original details are preserved but the interior is modern and trendy with an industrial feel.  Living room: The apartment comes with a bright living room. Windows can be fully opened so that you can enjoy your breakfast in the sun. There's a large dining table for the necessary wining and dining. Kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped with an combi microwave oven, a fridge, a 4-pits stove, dish washer, an espresso machine, blender and all other kitchen appliances you might need. Upstair you will also find a freezer and a washing machine. Feel free to use whatever (coffee, tea, oil, salt&pepper, washing powder, soap, etc) you need!   Bathroom The bathroom is small and basic, yet it has all the necessities. We provide you with enough clean towels. The Bedroom The characteristic bedroom has a comfortable double bed. Clean sheets are provided. ","Great apartment in Amsterdam's most vibrant and lively neighborhood, De Pijp!   Characteristic meets trendy in this apartment. City centre, museum district, Albert Cuyp market, Sarphatipark, great restaurants and bar street within walking distance! The apartment (build around 1900, renovated in 2011) offers the best of both worlds. Some of the original details are preserved but the interior is modern and trendy with an industrial feel.  Living room: The apartment comes with a bright living room. Windows can be fully opened so that you can enjoy your breakfast in the sun. There's a large dining table for the necessary wining and dining. Kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped with an combi microwave oven, a fridge, a 4-pits stove, dish washer, an espresso machine, blender and all other kitchen appliances you might need. Upstair you will also find a freezer and a washing machine. Feel free to use whatever (coffee, tea, oil, salt&pepper, washing powder, soap, etc) you need!   Bathroom The b","The neighborhood de Pijp is one of the most lively areas of Amsterdam. Within 200 meters you can find a dozen of restaurants from all over the world and, unique boutiques/shops, the famous Albert Cuyp market many coffee and lunch places and lots of nice bars to enjoy a beer or two!   Amsterdam's must sees and hotspots are nearby and easy to reach: Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk Museum, van Gogh Museum: 10 minute walk Albert Cuyp market: 1 minute walk Sarphatipark: 1 minute walk Heineken Experience: 5 minute walk Utrechtsestraat: 5 minute walk Leidseplein: 15 minute walk Rembrandsquare: 15 minute walk","Stops for tram lines 3, 4,12, 16, 24 and 25 can be reached within a 5 minutes walk. They will bring you to Dam square, the city centre and/or the Museum square. Tram 12 leads to Amstel Station from where you can take the train to Schiphol.",No guests allowed No pets allowed No smoking inside.
