"Cozy, clean & tasteful apartment with jacuzzi, spaceous double bed, free WIFI, well equipped kitchen, is located just 10 mins from the centre in a nice 19th century neighborhood. Nice bars, restaurants and bike rent just around the corner!","Pretty apartment in an early 20th century building, renovated to high standards. The spacious living room with open kitchen has a romantic french balcony with a nice view on the street. Located in the upcoming and very nice neighborhood 'Indische Buurt' you'll find cozy café's, restaurants, cinema, shops and all that you need, just around the corner. Public transport to the city centre is a 1 minute walk, and brings you in not more than 10 minutes to Rembrandt Square. Artis Zoo, Tropenmuseum and modern architecture neighborhood 'Oostelijk Havengebied' on walking distance. THE APARTMENT: My place is perfect for two, I have a spacious 2,00 x 2,20m bed. Eventually a third person is welcome as well and can sleep on the comfortable sleeping couch. The apartment has everything you need for a nice and comfortable stay: - Free Wifi internet - Towels, linen, hairdryer - Jacuzzi bath! - Television - iPod speaker - Oven, microwave, coffee machine (for delicious espresso), toaster, kettle - Basic ","Cozy, clean & tasteful apartment with jacuzzi, spaceous double bed, free WIFI, well equipped kitchen, is located just 10 mins from the centre in a nice 19th century neighborhood. Nice bars, restaurants and bike rent just around the corner! Pretty apartment in an early 20th century building, renovated to high standards. The spacious living room with open kitchen has a romantic french balcony with a nice view on the street. Located in the upcoming and very nice neighborhood 'Indische Buurt' you'll find cozy café's, restaurants, cinema, shops and all that you need, just around the corner. Public transport to the city centre is a 1 minute walk, and brings you in not more than 10 minutes to Rembrandt Square. Artis Zoo, Tropenmuseum and modern architecture neighborhood 'Oostelijk Havengebied' on walking distance. THE APARTMENT: My place is perfect for two, I have a spacious 2,00 x 2,20m bed. Eventually a third person is welcome as well and can sleep on the comfortable sleeping couch. The apa","The Indische Buurt is Amsterdam's newest upcoming and trendy neighborhood. With many students and more and more bars and restaurants, this is the place to be! The center is just a few minutes away! With Brewery ''t IJ', cinema/restaurant 'Studio K' and many by tourists unknown very nice spots, there is a lot to explore in this typically Amsterdam neighborhood.",Tram 14 stops just around the corner and brings you in 10 mins to the very center. Maybe the most useful tramline of Amsterdam.,"I threat my apartment with care and I expect my guests to do that as well. Please behave appropriate. Smoking inside is not allowed, but is possible on the balcony. Please respect my neighbors; very loud music is not allowed."
