"Residential area not far from Amsterdam city centre. The tram line 1, takes you in 18 minutes to the Leidseplein City Centre. Free parking! ","Trendy one-bedroom apartment located on the 3rd floor (elevator available) of a quiet street, with a sunny balcony. It contains a spacious living area, one bedroom, one bathroom, a kitchen and separate toilet. All kitchen appliances are available : coffee-machine, microwave and water-cooker. There is room for 2 adults. A baby cot available! ","Residential area not far from Amsterdam city centre. The tram line 1, takes you in 18 minutes to the Leidseplein City Centre. Free parking! Trendy one-bedroom apartment located on the 3rd floor (elevator available) of a quiet street, with a sunny balcony. It contains a spacious living area, one bedroom, one bathroom, a kitchen and separate toilet. All kitchen appliances are available : coffee-machine, microwave and water-cooker. There is room for 2 adults. A baby cot available! Feel completely at home during your stay at this private apartment! Meet & greet up on arrival! Short introduction and than its yours..enjoy your stay!  * Citymap available Residential area close to Amsterdam centre!! * City centre: tram line 1, which has a stop at 100m     of the apartment, takes you in 18 minutes to the    Leidseplein City Centre. * Bus line 192 from Schiphol Airport takes 20    minutes and stops at 200m distance. * Train station Station Lelylaan is at 10 minutes     using tram line 1. * Free ","Residential area close to Amsterdam centre!! * City centre: tram line 1, which has a stop at 100m     of the apartment, takes you in 18 minutes to the    Leidseplein City Centre. * Bus line 192 from Schiphol Airport takes 20    minutes and stops at 200m distance. * Train station Station Lelylaan is at 10 minutes     using tram line 1. * Free parking in front of the apartment * Big supermarket (Albert Heijn) at only 200 meters,    every day open until 10 PM * Several restaurants and take outs (Domino's      Pizza & Taco Mundo) around the corner",,* The apartment is NON-smoking! Smoking is     allowed at the balcony. * No drugs allowed! * No open fire or BBQ-ing allowed at the balcony * No pets are allowed at the apartment
