"Luxurious ground floor apartment with private entrance & garden @ just 1m walk from Vondelpark... Spacious bedroom, brand new bathroom and kitchen with all the amenities... Perfect for 2... see you soon! And... for a baby, a travel cot available!","This spacious, bright & luxurious house will make Amsterdam feel like a true home away from home during your stay... A large living room, comfy bar, kitchen & sunny garden will keep you entertained during the day and the peaceful, dreamy bedroom sleeping like a baby at night...  High ceilings, spacious layout, new kitchen and bathroom, private entrance, 85 square meters, 1 minute walk from Vondelpark, 5 minute tramride from Leidseplein, sun in the bedroom in the morning, throughout the living area in afternoon and evening, luxury bedding, top end Miele washer and dryer, new (silent :) piano, projection onto tv screen from your Mac, and fresh Nespresso each morning... WiFi, luxurious Elipson sound system with iPod/iPhone dock, washer, dryer, dishwasher, barbecue, patio furniture equipped for a 6 person sunset dinner, Yamaha white piano... However much you may want or not want my help, is up to you! Can be available via (Hidden by Airbnb) , phone, or in person to answer your questions or","Luxurious ground floor apartment with private entrance & garden @ just 1m walk from Vondelpark... Spacious bedroom, brand new bathroom and kitchen with all the amenities... Perfect for 2... see you soon! And... for a baby, a travel cot available! This spacious, bright & luxurious house will make Amsterdam feel like a true home away from home during your stay... A large living room, comfy bar, kitchen & sunny garden will keep you entertained during the day and the peaceful, dreamy bedroom sleeping like a baby at night...  High ceilings, spacious layout, new kitchen and bathroom, private entrance, 85 square meters, 1 minute walk from Vondelpark, 5 minute tramride from Leidseplein, sun in the bedroom in the morning, throughout the living area in afternoon and evening, luxury bedding, top end Miele washer and dryer, new (silent :) piano, projection onto tv screen from your Mac, and fresh Nespresso each morning... WiFi, luxurious Elipson sound system with iPod/iPhone dock, washer, dryer, di","Breakfast, brunch, lunch, vino, dining paradise... lots of terraces and cozy cafes, boutique shops and perfect access to all tram and bus lines. 20 minute taxi ride to the airport, 25 minutes by tram/train.  BREAKFAST: Dish Global Kitchen Vlaamsch Broodhuys Screaming Beans Trakteren (best coffee in Amsterdam) LUNCH: Cafe Van Lennep Dish Global Kitchen Forno Cafe Toussaint DINNER: LAB 111 (also an art house cinema!) Deegrollers Bond Porter's Bar & Kitchen (BEST cocktails) Pastis De Italiaan Porter Bar & Kitchen La Cantinetta","Perfect access to all tram and bus lines. 20 minute taxi ride to the airport, 25 minutes by tram/train. ","Only house-trained kids allowed (max 1), no pets, smoking only in the garden. Treat the house respectfully and carefully and you will find no problems in getting your deposit fully refunded."
