"Comfortable ""Short Stay Studio"" / maximum  7 nights, minimum 3 nights. Welcome to AMSTERDAM, in this beautiful Canal-Studio.  All your experience Amsterdam you will find it:  "" On the Corner"". ( 5-10 minutes walk). * Museum square/ Leidseplein/Vondelpark/ Anne Frank House/ 9 streets/ Melkweg/Paradiso...* In the Studio: Romantic sitting-room with a double bed, your own private luxury big bathroom, with a separate bath, shower , 2 large sinks, hairdryer, fresh towels,  and your own toilet.","The comfortable Studio with your ""private entrance"", is on the ground floor of the historic building from 1660/ In the Unesco part of Amsterdam. Romantic Studio has a double bed (180x200), including fresh towels &  bed linen, shower products, hair dryer, and tea and coffee making facilities. Free WiFi. Of course wifi. And a drink make your ""Welcome-in-Tulips from Amsterdam"" a party. (If requested: Full breakfast every morning, 12.50 pp breakfast possible)","Comfortable ""Short Stay Studio"" / maximum  7 nights, minimum 3 nights. Welcome to AMSTERDAM, in this beautiful Canal-Studio.  All your experience Amsterdam you will find it:  "" On the Corner"". ( 5-10 minutes walk). * Museum square/ Leidseplein/Vondelpark/ Anne Frank House/ 9 streets/ Melkweg/Paradiso...* In the Studio: Romantic sitting-room with a double bed, your own private luxury big bathroom, with a separate bath, shower , 2 large sinks, hairdryer, fresh towels,  and your own toilet. The comfortable Studio with your ""private entrance"", is on the ground floor of the historic building from 1660/ In the Unesco part of Amsterdam. Romantic Studio has a double bed (180x200), including fresh towels &  bed linen, shower products, hair dryer, and tea and coffee making facilities. Free WiFi. Of course wifi. And a drink make your ""Welcome-in-Tulips from Amsterdam"" a party. (If requested: Full breakfast every morning, 12.50 pp breakfast possible) You have your own entre to your own basement-ro","Tulips from Amsterdam Short Stay Studio:  ""the place to be"", 1 Class location on the Canals of Amsterdam. Is a great experience. You find everything on the corner. Famous Restaurants George, Ron Blauw restaurants,  Andaz restaurant and a lot of local and special super food/ restaurants, cafe's  Also the Vondelpark for your daily sport moments is in 10 min walk, and 2 min run. I Amsterdam, Is a delightful experience, the museum square with all great museums, v.Gogh, Rijksmuseum, Stedelijk en Diamonds of Amsterdam is located next to my Tulips from Amsterdam/ short stay studio.   Also he Jordaan and the famous 9 streets / flower market in 10  min to walk","Schiphol Airport:  1. Bus 397,  runs continuously (24 hour service) to Amsterdam!  Ticket 5 euro.  In 30  minutes from Schiphol Airport to Leidseplein. 5 min walk from Leidseplein. 2  If you arriving by train on Amster Central Station: In front you can take the tram:  1,  or 2,  or 5. Get out on Leidseplein) 5  min walking to:Tulips from Amsterdam Studio. 3. If you prefer a Taxi from or to Schiphol Airport: Don't pay more than the 40 euro-price. Tell them that you want the "" Schiphol-price"". If they tell you more, don't step in. Take anothere Taxi. "" Tulips from Amsterdam, Studio! WELCOME!","Only bookable for a minimum of 3 nights. With a maximum from 14 nights. When booking 7 nights 75 euro present. When booking 14 nights 100 euro present ! No drugs, ! No smoke! No party ! On request dog welcome, 15 euro per night extra."
