A big luxury 104 square mtr apartment in centrum a two minute walk to Leidseplein /musea and vondelpark,"Twilight Twinkle Suite The Twilight Twinkle is a large apartment divided over the ground floor and a basement.The kitchen and the living room are on the ground floor of this appartment. The living room is spacious and has a nice seating corner where you can watch tv. On the other side of the room is a large dining table with 8 seats. From this side of the apartment you have a view on the canal. The kitchen is fully equipped with built-in appliances and everything you need to cook anything. On the landing it has beatifully tiled lavatory. Down in the basement there are two large, modern furnished bedrooms with comfortable box spring beds. Bedroom 1 has a view on the canal and has a private bathroom. On the landing there is a second toilet. Bedroom 2 is a big room with a double boxspring where we can put a third boxspring  ,flatscreen dvd player and has French doors leading to the outdoor place where you can sit down and relax. There is a separate room adjacent to the bedroom where there","A big luxury 104 square mtr apartment in centrum a two minute walk to Leidseplein /musea and vondelpark Twilight Twinkle Suite The Twilight Twinkle is a large apartment divided over the ground floor and a basement.The kitchen and the living room are on the ground floor of this appartment. The living room is spacious and has a nice seating corner where you can watch tv. On the other side of the room is a large dining table with 8 seats. From this side of the apartment you have a view on the canal. The kitchen is fully equipped with built-in appliances and everything you need to cook anything. On the landing it has beatifully tiled lavatory. Down in the basement there are two large, modern furnished bedrooms with comfortable box spring beds. Bedroom 1 has a view on the canal and has a private bathroom. On the landing there is a second toilet. Bedroom 2 is a big room with a double boxspring where we can put a third boxspring  ,flatscreen dvd player and has French doors leading to the outd",Leidseplein /musea /restaurants /vondelpark/supermarket /jordaan (9streets) its all 5 minute walk.,Two minute walk to public transportation,"House Rules STAYING WITH US MEANS YOUR AGREEING TO THE FOLLOWING   *  To pay the full outstanding balance CASH on arrival at the apartment.   *  To provide passport or national identity cards to the greeter to record your details.  *  To vacate the apartment by the agreed time or be subject to a minimum 50 euro charge if you do not.   *  To leave the apartment in the same condition as at the start of this agreement, in a clean tidy state or be subject to a minimum 75 euro charge if you do not.   *  To behave in a responsible and socially acceptable manner at all times while occupying the apartment and to be considerate and  courteous to all the neighbors within the apartment block. *  To vacate the apartment immediately without refunds or redress, should the police be called to the apartment for complaints. *  That we are is not liable for any direct or indirect damages that may arise  as a consequence of the use of the apartment..Without limitation including,damages, insurince,losses "
