"Cosy two-bedroom apartment in a quiet residential street, located in a hip neighbourhood with plenty of facilities, also close to two parks.","Welcome everyone! This two bedroom apartment has a living room, a fully equipped kitchen (help yourself to free coffee and tea!), a bathroom, one large balcony and one small balcony (accessible from one of the bedrooms). It's a very comfortable home, a sweet place to rest from strolling around town all day.  Bed linen, towels and shower gel are provided. The apartment is only available occasionally while I am travelling. Normally I live here, with my cats. That means my personal things are in the apartment, as well as the cats.","Cosy two-bedroom apartment in a quiet residential street, located in a hip neighbourhood with plenty of facilities, also close to two parks. Welcome everyone! This two bedroom apartment has a living room, a fully equipped kitchen (help yourself to free coffee and tea!), a bathroom, one large balcony and one small balcony (accessible from one of the bedrooms). It's a very comfortable home, a sweet place to rest from strolling around town all day.  Bed linen, towels and shower gel are provided. The apartment is only available occasionally while I am travelling. Normally I live here, with my cats. That means my personal things are in the apartment, as well as the cats. The whole apartment Located in a quiet tree-lined street, this laid-back and charming two-bed flat is conveniently situated just out of the busiest area, in the vibrant, edgy neighbourhood of De Baarsjes. Here you will find a buzzing mix of people representative of the real Amsterdam - fashionable restaurants, hip cafés as ","Located in a quiet tree-lined street, this laid-back and charming two-bed flat is conveniently situated just out of the busiest area, in the vibrant, edgy neighbourhood of De Baarsjes. Here you will find a buzzing mix of people representative of the real Amsterdam - fashionable restaurants, hip cafés as well as lots of exotic foods to choose from. You're a ten-minute tram ride from the centre, two minutes on foot from one park and ten minutes on foot from another, big park (which is perfect for barbequeing!) (supermarkets here sell disposable bbqs!). There are also several markets in the area, that I will be happy to direct you to, where you can buy everything from real cheap (exotic) food to flowers and cheap beauty/shower products. Supermarkets and lots of different shops are a minute on foot away.",The apartment is located 2 minutes from a tram/bus stop. Since the apartment is on the west side of the centre it's just half an hour to the airport Schiphol. To the central station it's 18 minutes by bus or tram and to the centre it's 12 minutes by tram or bike.,"No smoking in the apartment please - but there are two balconies!  Please treat the apartment and everything in it with care. You don't have to do any extensive cleaning but please don't leave dirty dishes and garbage strewn around. Please be considerate of the neighbours. This means no loud noise, especially late at night.  No parties or drugs. Please do not take food/drinks from the cupboards or fridge, except coffee and tea. The kitchen is accessible, but not for cooking elaborate meals.  Check-out is normally at 12:00 (midday), but can be flexible. Also, if you would like to leave your luggage until later that day, just ask. When you make the reservation, a guarantee will be reserved on your credit card by Airbnb. In case after check-out something is broken or missing or the apartment is extraordinarily dirty, I will make a claim on (part of) the guarantee."
