"This house is a lovely place to be and start discovering the inner city by foot or bicycle (to rent nearby). Boat trips can be taken around the corner. Easy to reach from Schiphol (bus 397 to the Leidseplein) or from Central Station (tram, 2 and 12). One cat Coppi (19) to keep you company after your visits to the city. Old Town, theaters and Museums are also reachable by foot. Quiet surroundings, lovely restaurants nearby.","Located on the ground and first floor of a 1885 Amsterdam house a 125 sqm apartment with two lovely cats (14) to take care of and to keep you company. This is a house for cat people.  The apartment sleeps up to 4 guests.The apartment has a dining room, a lounge (with a heart shaped sofa), a bed room (king size bed) and a second bed room/ library/workout room (queen size bed). Use of the extra bedroom is an extra € 40 extra per night. The appartment has a private entrance, separate kitchen, 1 bath room, two toilets. There are a small garden, a private balcony, Persian rugs, antiques, paintings, books, music, dvd's, cable tv with surround sound and HBO, and off course highspeed Wi-Fi. The apartment is located in the Helmersbuurt, close to pretty much all major attractions like the museums, the Concertgebouw and the Vondelpark. It's a 5 minute walk from the Leidseplein with its theatres, restaurants and night-life. The neighbourhood itself has a lot of café's, restaurants, supermarkets an","Located on the ground and first floor of a 1885 Amsterdam house a 125 sqm apartment with two lovely cats (14) to take care of and to keep you company. This is a house for cat people.  The apartment sleeps up to 4 guests.The apartment has a dining room, a lounge (with a heart shaped sofa), a bed room (king size bed) and a second bed room/ library/workout room (queen size bed). Use of the extra bedroom is an extra € 40 extra per night. The appartment has a private entrance, separate kitchen, 1 bath room, two toilets. There are a small garden, a private balcony, Persian rugs, antiques, paintings, books, music, dvd's, cable tv with surround sound and HBO, and off course highspeed Wi-Fi. The apartment is located in the Helmersbuurt, close to pretty much all major attractions like the museums, the Concertgebouw and the Vondelpark. It's a 5 minute walk from the Leidseplein with its theatres, restaurants and night-life. The neighbourhood itself has a lot of café's, restaurants, supermarkets an","Location: Helmersbuurt. Small lively neighbourhood, third place in popular neighbourhoods in Amsterdam. Location is 5 minutes from Het Leidseplein with al its terrasses, cafe's restaurants, casino en nightlife. Also an 8 minutes walk to the main Museums. Around the corner are supermarkets, café's, restaurants en taco's next door.","walking distances * Leidseplein: 5 minutes  * Museum square: 8 minutes * Vondelpark (Amsterdam's Central Park): 5 minutes * Jordaan/grachtengordel: less than 2 minutes * the 100 jaar old Zuiderbad swimming pool, 10 minutes * Bus 197 naar Schiphol 2 minutes  * Centraal Station: 10 minutes by trams 1, 2 en 5 from the Leidseplein.","We prefer cat lovers. We laten huisregels achter op de eettafel. We will leave the house rules on the dining table. Along with information on Amsterdam, things to do and a map."
