"Two nice rooms in lovely dyke house with private spacious modern bathroom with bath and full privacy on top floor. In ten bike or bus minutes into city center, with free parking in front of our house. Nice restaurants in industrial area at walking distance. Many hotspots as Adam tower and Eye museumin hip north part of the city easy accessible. Nice breakfast can be ordered when you arrive. Nice breakfast can be ordered when you arrive.","The two rooms are situated in the most upper floor of our house offers full privacy and singe use of the bathroom during your stay. We have 1 double and 1 single size bed, so perfect for 2 or 3 persons. The large bathroom has a nice bath and separate shower.","Two nice rooms in lovely dyke house with private spacious modern bathroom with bath and full privacy on top floor. In ten bike or bus minutes into city center, with free parking in front of our house. Nice restaurants in industrial area at walking distance. Many hotspots as Adam tower and Eye museumin hip north part of the city easy accessible. Nice breakfast can be ordered when you arrive. Nice breakfast can be ordered when you arrive. The two rooms are situated in the most upper floor of our house offers full privacy and singe use of the bathroom during your stay. We have 1 double and 1 single size bed, so perfect for 2 or 3 persons. The large bathroom has a nice bath and separate shower. The most upper floor where you have your sleeping and bathroom is fully private and only used by you. Breakfast, if ordered by you, is served in our kitchen area. You can always use our garden to have a drink or smoke a cigarette. During the day, most of the time the guests will be on their own in t","The neigbourhood is friendly and save. And the dyke with its old houses is really beautiful. Many gorgeous and hip restaurants at walking distance from our hous. And with a bike/bus you can easy investigate this special North part of the Amsterdam city, with lots of new trendy hotspots as Eye museum, film theater and restaurant, TolhuisTuin with nice food and live music, NDSM area with festivals and great restaurants.","Close to the house on a couple of minutes walking distance we have a busstop. Bus 32 and 33 from bus stop Merelstraat can be taken for a 5 minutes ride to Amsterdam Central station, where you can walk into the city or take trams. It is free parking at the dyke. And we have a private parking spot in front of our house.","Smoking in the house is prohibited. You are allowed to smoke in the garden. Is is also prohibited to bring animals, since we have 3 cats."
