My place is realy authentic and taken care of off in a way it tells a lot about my life and the life in Amsterdam. little details and peaceful even thought its in the city.,"Everything a house completes in the middle of bustling Amsterdam with the cosiness of the nearby shops and Coffee Company across ,this house owns! Its typical a appartment from Amsterdam and very nice! 2 room ensuite with a small bay window to sit and watch the people pass by.. Double windowing so no noise from traffic. The bedroom at the back of the house on a quiet courtyard its a  typical dutch word called:Pijjpenla which means the bedroom is very long and therefore has a very romantic look. There is a bath and a nice shower. A terrace with lots of space!  The apartment is equipped with TV with many extras, 30 gig internet and unlimited phone calls! At arrival, a welcome package with goodies will wait for you to make your stay a good one! It is 10 minutesfrom the city by bike near the center and the nice neighborhood called: The pipe. But the area where the house is located is just as fun! Trams and Busses 1 minute walk. Bike for rent 20 euro,s for a weekend. 12 euro's a day.","My place is realy authentic and taken care of off in a way it tells a lot about my life and the life in Amsterdam. little details and peaceful even thought its in the city. Everything a house completes in the middle of bustling Amsterdam with the cosiness of the nearby shops and Coffee Company across ,this house owns! Its typical a appartment from Amsterdam and very nice! 2 room ensuite with a small bay window to sit and watch the people pass by.. Double windowing so no noise from traffic. The bedroom at the back of the house on a quiet courtyard its a  typical dutch word called:Pijjpenla which means the bedroom is very long and therefore has a very romantic look. There is a bath and a nice shower. A terrace with lots of space!  The apartment is equipped with TV with many extras, 30 gig internet and unlimited phone calls! At arrival, a welcome package with goodies will wait for you to make your stay a good one! It is 10 minutesfrom the city by bike near the center and the nice neighbor",It has eveything lots of nice shops bars restaurants and two parcs.,yes in a 200 meter walk trams busses  you can also rent a bike! 7 euro's p day at Meer fiets!,"Behandel het huis met respect voor de bewoner dus zorg dat je het netjes en schoon achterlaat daarmee bedoel ik: Geen volle vuilniszakken (gooi deze even weg aan de overkant in de vuil container) geen etensresten , geen haren in het doucheputje.  No party policy but everything else is possible, just enjoy your stay as much as possible! Natuurlijk zorg ik voor de verder schoonmaak afhandeling want deze zit bij de prijs inbegrepen. Laat even vantevoren weten als je gebruik wilt maken van de wasmachine dit ivm de kraan die dan opengedraaid moet worden (heeft gebruksaanwijzingen vandaar) Dankjewel ;-) Treat the house with respect for the resident so make sure you leave it clean and tidy I mean: No full garbage bags (just throw it away across the dirt container) no leftovers, no hair in the shower drain. Of course I care for the further handling cleaning since it is included in the price. Please let us know in advance if you want to use the washing machine this because of the tap which we h"
