"Our apartment is modern furnished and located in a monument near the Westerpark (Jordaan area). It looks out on the famous museum “het Schip”. Very close to the center, but far enough from all the citynoise. Also enjoy the garden with fountain view!","Our beautiful apartment is located in a building that has been recently renovated to modern homes. This is a unique and idyllic part of Amsterdam. From outside by the beautiful architecture (Amsterdam School style) and inside our love for vintage interior. Love lives here! Our modern apartment is vintage furnished and located in a monument. It looks out on the famous museum “het Schip” which is the most renowned work of Amsterdam School architect Michel de Klerk. This unique place is in Spaarndammerbuurt near the Westerpark (next to the Jordaan area). It's the perfect hideout for single travellers or couples to stay at during their visit to Amsterdam, very close to the center, but far enough from all the citynoise to have a good night sleep and enjoy your breakfast in the garden with a view on the fountain.","Our apartment is modern furnished and located in a monument near the Westerpark (Jordaan area). It looks out on the famous museum “het Schip”. Very close to the center, but far enough from all the citynoise. Also enjoy the garden with fountain view! Our beautiful apartment is located in a building that has been recently renovated to modern homes. This is a unique and idyllic part of Amsterdam. From outside by the beautiful architecture (Amsterdam School style) and inside our love for vintage interior. Love lives here! Our modern apartment is vintage furnished and located in a monument. It looks out on the famous museum “het Schip” which is the most renowned work of Amsterdam School architect Michel de Klerk. This unique place is in Spaarndammerbuurt near the Westerpark (next to the Jordaan area). It's the perfect hideout for single travellers or couples to stay at during their visit to Amsterdam, very close to the center, but far enough from all the citynoise to have a good night sleep","- Westerpark (5 minutes' walk) - Museum ""het Schip"" (1 minute walk) - Café/Restaurant ""De Walvis"" Spaarndammerstraat (6 minutes' walk) - Cinema ""the Movies"" Haarlemmerstraat (10 minutes' walk) - Pizzaria (11th in the world) ""Pinsa's"" Spaarndammerstraat (4 minutes' walk) - Shoppingstreet ""Haarlemmerstraat"" (10 minutes' walk) And much more to tell you when you book our lovely home!",Public transport is just around the corner (busstop 22 and 48 from Amsterdam Central Station or from trainstation Amsterdam Sloterdijk) or you can go to Haarlemmerplein by tram and walk for 5 minutes through Westerpark.,No smoking or pets allowed.
