"This a unique ground floor apartment with great view of two of the oldest Amsterdam canals. The house is actually standing IN the water (like in Venice), creating a feel of living on a boat (most Amsterdam canal houses have a road in front of it).  ","This a unique ground floor apartment overlooking one of the oldest canals of Amsterdam. The house is actually standing in the canal, creating a feel of living on the water (it's one of the few Amsterdam canal houses where the water and the house are not separated by a road;  like houses in Venice). Have a look at the view from the apartment (Rembrandt made drawings of this canal and tower).  The apartment is very light and sunny, with a studio feel.  It has a spacious living/dining room and kitchen and a master bedroom with direct view of the water. It's ideal for two.  Two french doors in the main ""studio room"" open onto a small deck (balcony) overhanging the water front with view on two canals. There's a small second bedroom (or study) overlooking a small park/green area and boats. (To be honest, for 2 people the small bedroom, may get a bit cramped, but for a single person it's perfect!). The apartment is close to the Nieuwmarkt area, and walking distance from the Central Station. I","This a unique ground floor apartment with great view of two of the oldest Amsterdam canals. The house is actually standing IN the water (like in Venice), creating a feel of living on a boat (most Amsterdam canal houses have a road in front of it).   This a unique ground floor apartment overlooking one of the oldest canals of Amsterdam. The house is actually standing in the canal, creating a feel of living on the water (it's one of the few Amsterdam canal houses where the water and the house are not separated by a road;  like houses in Venice). Have a look at the view from the apartment (Rembrandt made drawings of this canal and tower).  The apartment is very light and sunny, with a studio feel.  It has a spacious living/dining room and kitchen and a master bedroom with direct view of the water. It's ideal for two.  Two french doors in the main ""studio room"" open onto a small deck (balcony) overhanging the water front with view on two canals. There's a small second bedroom (or study) ov","Unique neighborhhood. 17 and 18th century housing. Very quiet, some nice resturants, and just 5 minutes walk from the active Nieuwmarkt area.","Metro, trams and railway station all within 10 minutes walk.",No smoking. No candles. No pets.
