"Very cool place in quiet neighbourhoud. Stylish spacious loft, situated on the waterside (go for a swim?) of famous Borneo Eiland (Eastern Docklands) known for its diverse and beautyful modern architecture styles.","Very charming split level appartment, 80 m2. Entrance with vestibule, toilet. Separate bathroom, well equipped kitchen for culinary cooking. Tastefully furnished comfortable living and bedroom at the sunny waterside.","Very cool place in quiet neighbourhoud. Stylish spacious loft, situated on the waterside (go for a swim?) of famous Borneo Eiland (Eastern Docklands) known for its diverse and beautyful modern architecture styles. Very charming split level appartment, 80 m2. Entrance with vestibule, toilet. Separate bathroom, well equipped kitchen for culinary cooking. Tastefully furnished comfortable living and bedroom at the sunny waterside. Direct door entrance from the street, your own studio at 10 min. from Central Station, or 5 min. from motorway. I can send you a detailed route when travelling by train/car/plane. On regular basis I'm out of town, at weekends and holidays the place is all yours. However you can always call/text/mail me for practical questions or tips, please don't hesitate to do so. As a passionate cyclist and food lover I can tip you the best roads and restaurants. Your stay is situated in the heart of Borneo Eiland, with its eye-catching and reknowned architectural styles worth","Your stay is situated in the heart of Borneo Eiland, with its eye-catching and reknowned architectural styles worthwhile to visit itself. Trendy restaurants, deli, shops and all you need for a perfect stay are on walking distance.","Bus (3 min. walk) takes you in 10 minutes to central station. Tram (5 min. walk) takes you in less then 10 minutes to the city centre. And if you plan to bike around….even more easy. In 10 minutes you are at the country side, for a nice trip to the IJsselmeer for example.",No special rules except no pets and no smoking. Please pay some attention to my things and artworks and - just feel comfortable!
