The 145m2 house is situated on a dike in a green old fishermans village whitin 8 minutes by car to the city center. Perfectly suited for a family up to 4 persons. Living in this house feels like holiday for us everyday!,"The house dates from 1892 and is recently completely renovated by us. As an architect I took a lot of care for natural materials and details. On both sides the house has an interesting view; the frontside is looking over fields and the Y river and the rearside is facing a fantastic park. The house is situated on a dike and therefore has its living room on street level and the sleeping rooms below.  The beautifull handcrafted kitchen is fully equipped with oven and dishwasher. Directly adjacent is a charming balcony perfect for a breakfast in the morning sun. The living area is overlooking a romantic canal and is also equipped with a piano. On the garden level you find two sleeping rooms, one with a double bed (1,4m) and the childrens room with a bunkbed. The adjacent bathroom has a bath and separate shower. On the light an spacious attic there is another double bed.  The garden is accessible from the sleeping rooms and from the balcony by stairs. On the frontside of the house is anothe","The 145m2 house is situated on a dike in a green old fishermans village whitin 8 minutes by car to the city center. Perfectly suited for a family up to 4 persons. Living in this house feels like holiday for us everyday! The house dates from 1892 and is recently completely renovated by us. As an architect I took a lot of care for natural materials and details. On both sides the house has an interesting view; the frontside is looking over fields and the Y river and the rearside is facing a fantastic park. The house is situated on a dike and therefore has its living room on street level and the sleeping rooms below.  The beautifull handcrafted kitchen is fully equipped with oven and dishwasher. Directly adjacent is a charming balcony perfect for a breakfast in the morning sun. The living area is overlooking a romantic canal and is also equipped with a piano. On the garden level you find two sleeping rooms, one with a double bed (1,4m) and the childrens room with a bunkbed. The adjacent ba",The house is located in a former fishermans village Schellingwoude that is now part of Amsterdam. The proximity to the center and direct acces to the countryside make it a unique in Amsterdam. Even directly around the house you find beautifull possibilities to walk.  ,There is a bus stop 100 meter from the house with a low frequency and another one on a 7 minutes walk with higher frequency. Parking in front of the house is for free.,As stated above we would be happy if you take care for our cat and plants. Therefore pets are not allowed. Also smoking in the house is not admitted.
