"Unique stay, You'll be captain of a historic but comfortable 25 meter ship, located on a central but quiet part of Amsterdam. From the wheelhouse you will be able to see elephants, giraffes, zebras and monkeys in the trees. (Its moored next to the zoo) The entrepotdok canal has an authentic dutch harbor atmosphere and counts 84 monumental warehouses, 3 restaurants opent on the dock this month. Within walking distance you ll find many nice bars and restaurants  like Beerbrewery IJ in a windmill!","Museums like  the famous Hermitage, the Rembrandt house and many more are in easy walking distance. Same goes for sights like cosy beer brewery the IJ in an old Windmill (5min.walking). Waterloopplein market, Flowermarket, Damsquare/ Royal palace are all within 2 km etc The ship :     Its a comfortable The 25 meter long ship with central heating and a new wood stove in the living room. it counts two bedrooms , 2 bathrooms (one with floor heating and a bath tub) a large living room and a fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher and oven). It sleeps four persons. since you have a bedroom bathroom on both ends it s ideal for 2 couples/ or colleagues who like som e privacy or families.  Outside it has a nice roof terace where you can sunbath(all day sun if it shines), drink and dine, read a book or enjoy view, look at the passing boats and life and feel like a local. Special remarks I have to make :  Its best to be able bodied.  steep but short steps have to be climbed and its no built for giant","Unique stay, You'll be captain of a historic but comfortable 25 meter ship, located on a central but quiet part of Amsterdam. From the wheelhouse you will be able to see elephants, giraffes, zebras and monkeys in the trees. (Its moored next to the zoo) The entrepotdok canal has an authentic dutch harbor atmosphere and counts 84 monumental warehouses, 3 restaurants opent on the dock this month. Within walking distance you ll find many nice bars and restaurants  like Beerbrewery IJ in a windmill! Museums like  the famous Hermitage, the Rembrandt house and many more are in easy walking distance. Same goes for sights like cosy beer brewery the IJ in an old Windmill (5min.walking). Waterloopplein market, Flowermarket, Damsquare/ Royal palace are all within 2 km etc The ship :     Its a comfortable The 25 meter long ship with central heating and a new wood stove in the living room. it counts two bedrooms , 2 bathrooms (one with floor heating and a bath tub) a large living room and a fully eq","Center and quiet go together, but within walking distance you will find the city life. In my street you find small cafe's like Bloem for nice coffees and breakfast. If you ll walk a bit further (2 to three blocks) i'll recomend you the famous IJ brewery (its based in a windmill and great local beers)  Hip and happening bars along Oosterpark and Java straat like Biertuin  and other hotspots Roest(city beach and great bar )  Hannekes boom (nice hangout) There is several sights nearby like the windmill, zoo (see baby elephant born 10 october 2016, or try the cool new micropia museum microzoo ) and many other museums on walking distance like Nemo. a pleasant walk along the Kerkstraat and Amstel will bring you to the Hermitage.",Bus 22 tram 10 tram 9 are nearby central station is about 15 minutes walking distance  Renting a bicycle is advisable in Amsterdam ( a pleasant bike ride of 10  minutes you bring you to Damsquare ) or 15 minutes to Rijksmuseum,not to many rules  just treat it like its your house  no smoking no animals please
