"Waking up with the sound of ducks with a view on the canal in the heart of Amsterdam! Our modern houseboat offers comfortable, spacious accommodation for 4 people. Enjoy the canal view and romantic terrace centrally located next to the famous Heineken Brewery and Albert Cuyp market.","WELCOME TO ""I AM HOUSEBOAT"" Our houseboat of 100m2 has a spacious living room with a large sofa, TV and CD / DVD player and film with UPC on demand. The open kitchen with modern equipment offers the possibility to prepare your own meal at home. The basic ingredients for cooking are available for you. The 2 bedrooms have a comfortable double bed, both with a view on the canal. The master bedroom is air-conditioned. The bathroom has a luxurious massage shower / bath / whirlpool suitable for 2 people. Clean bedding and towels will be available for you.  The large windows along the waterside make the house very light and you can enjoy the sight of passing (canal) boats and enjoy life on the water in Amsterdam. The view on the water and the quiet Nicolaas Witsenkade in combination with the double windows make the house very quiet and peaceful from the inside, although located in a busy and exciting area of De Pijp in Amsterdam.  Experience the unique way of living on a houseboat in Amsterda","Waking up with the sound of ducks with a view on the canal in the heart of Amsterdam! Our modern houseboat offers comfortable, spacious accommodation for 4 people. Enjoy the canal view and romantic terrace centrally located next to the famous Heineken Brewery and Albert Cuyp market. WELCOME TO ""I AM HOUSEBOAT"" Our houseboat of 100m2 has a spacious living room with a large sofa, TV and CD / DVD player and film with UPC on demand. The open kitchen with modern equipment offers the possibility to prepare your own meal at home. The basic ingredients for cooking are available for you. The 2 bedrooms have a comfortable double bed, both with a view on the canal. The master bedroom is air-conditioned. The bathroom has a luxurious massage shower / bath / whirlpool suitable for 2 people. Clean bedding and towels will be available for you.  The large windows along the waterside make the house very light and you can enjoy the sight of passing (canal) boats and enjoy life on the water in Amsterdam. ","THE LOCATION Our houseboat is located in the heart of Amsterdam, in the popular area named 'De Pijp'. The Heineken Brewery and the famous Albert Cuyp market are very close. 'De Pijp' is popular among tourists and locals for its wide variety of bars, restaurants, shops and local market. From this location the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum, Stedelijk Museum, Concertgebouw, Vondelpark, Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein can be easily reached within a 15 minutes walk. ",GETTING AROUND A good way to explore the city is by bike (2 bikes available). A different way to explore the beauty of the city centre is to take a canal cruise (almost next door). On a boat you will get the best view of the historical buildings of Amsterdam. GETTING HERE  Public transport is available within 100m from the houseboat. Schiphol Airport takes 20 minutes by taxi and 45 minutes by train to Central Station and tram to arrive near the houseboat. I am looking forward to welcome you in our home and offer you a great stay in Amsterdam!,"1. Smoking is allowed outside, on the terrace. (there is a heater available in the patio to make it comfortable outside during cold days) 2. Do not enter the roof of the houseboat 3. Pets are not allowed 4. BBQ used only by people with BBQ experience, the terrace and houseboat are made of wood so flammable! 5. While sitting outside or with windows open, please mind my neighbors, water carries out sound very easy 6. I am very proud of my houseboat and I would like to keep it nice and comfortable for myself and my guests. If you plan to party and 'smoke' please find another place. :-) 7. Don't invite other people over and no party's 8. Cleaning is included but please leave the apartment as you found it, wash up whatever you use from the kitchen or put it in the dish washer so I can wash it later. 9. Enjoy and have fun!! IMPORTANT I do not use the guarantee option, because I trust you will take good care of my houseboat and respect my personal belongings. If you do accidently damage or br"
