"To wake up in the morning with the reflection of the sunlight on the surface of the water and hear the sound of water birds is a unique way to live within the city. To share with you the experience and feeling of living on a houseboat in the canals of Amsterdam, I would like to welcome you on my houseboat.","This unique small houseboat recently had its interior completely renovated and is a perfect romantic stay for two people in our lovely city Amsterdam. The unique houseboat has a comfortable king-size bed (1.80 x 2.00), a stylish bathroom, a kitchen, wifi and television.  You will enjoy to sit on your own little terrace on the waterside and watch the waterbirds. For long and Lazy afternoondrinkt this is the perfect spot. Sun from 12:00 till 18:00 on the waterterrace.","To wake up in the morning with the reflection of the sunlight on the surface of the water and hear the sound of water birds is a unique way to live within the city. To share with you the experience and feeling of living on a houseboat in the canals of Amsterdam, I would like to welcome you on my houseboat. This unique small houseboat recently had its interior completely renovated and is a perfect romantic stay for two people in our lovely city Amsterdam. The unique houseboat has a comfortable king-size bed (1.80 x 2.00), a stylish bathroom, a kitchen, wifi and television.  You will enjoy to sit on your own little terrace on the waterside and watch the waterbirds. For long and Lazy afternoondrinkt this is the perfect spot. Sun from 12:00 till 18:00 on the waterterrace. The entire houseboat. Of course only during my holidays when the Unique  houseboat Amsterdam is available for your holiday :-) My host will be available during your stay Unique houseboat is located 500 meters from the hea","Unique houseboat is located 500 meters from the heart of the Jordaan, in the historic center of Amsterdam. The Jordaan is an area full of small restaurants, terraces, fun shops alternating with beautiful canals, small streets and with a variety of wonderful historic buildings. The Jordaan borders on the well-known shopping area the Negen Kleine Straatjes (literally: Nine Little Streets) were you can also find many small shops and cozy restaurants. Within walking distance you will find highlights like the Anne Frank House, the Westertower, the Dam square, the Royal Palace and the Amsterdam Historic Museum. Unique houseboat is easily reachable by car and public transport (see below under “Accessibility”), but once you're here, the easiest means of transportation is by bicycle (see tab “Bicycle rental”). The BedonBoard is a 10 minutes walk from the nicest shopping street in Amsterdam (and awarded second best shopping street of the Netherlands 2011): Haarlemmerdijk and about 15 minutes fro",Bus nr 21,No smoking
