"Unique studio apartment in authentic place in Amsterdam North. Private entrance, patio doors to waterside terrace, fireplace, free parking, just 15 minutes from downtown. Includes 2 bikes and fresh eggs from our own chickens!",The studio is a former horse stable and stands on an terrain of an old farm. This part of Amsterdam used to belong to Oostzaan and consisted of mostly farmers. The land has also an authentic barn and old haystack surrounded by (fish) water. The total site dates from circa 1890.,"Unique studio apartment in authentic place in Amsterdam North. Private entrance, patio doors to waterside terrace, fireplace, free parking, just 15 minutes from downtown. Includes 2 bikes and fresh eggs from our own chickens! The studio is a former horse stable and stands on an terrain of an old farm. This part of Amsterdam used to belong to Oostzaan and consisted of mostly farmers. The land has also an authentic barn and old haystack surrounded by (fish) water. The total site dates from circa 1890. The studio has a private entrance via a path that runs along the property. There is free access to a large terrace to the rear with views over the water. The studio is on the ground (1000 m2) where we live but it is completely autonomous with lots of privacy. Oostzanerwerf in Amsterdam-North is characterized by an enormous diversity in entourage and facilities. In just 15 minutes on Dam Square in Amsterdam. And in 15 minutes on the Dam in Zaandam and Zaanse Schans... Recreation area 't Twis","Oostzanerwerf in Amsterdam-North is characterized by an enormous diversity in entourage and facilities. In just 15 minutes on Dam Square in Amsterdam. And in 15 minutes on the Dam in Zaandam and Zaanse Schans... Recreation area 't Twiske is around the corner for cycling and hiking and water recreation. North itself has beautiful bike rides through authentic Waterland and dikes. In addition, we are close to the NDSM site where many activities and festivals take place during spring- and summertime.",The bus stops right outside and takes you in 20 minutes to the Central Station of Amsterdam. The two bikes that we ax feather free are of course the most ideal means of transport in Amsterdam ... That bike will take you to the various ferry connections and bring you in no time in the city.,We prefer not smoking and pets are inconvenient in view of our own free-roaming cats and chickens ....
