"I have a very cosy studio in a typical style. Maybe it looks a little chaotic, but for me that exactly is the charm. Of course it will be totally available and guest-ready for you. It's in a very quiet and beautiful area. Please look at the pictures.",Welcome in my groundfloor apartment in the quietest part of the Jordaan.  Isn't holiday also all about going to places you never expected? In my 30 square meter 1-room apartment you make a nice entry into unknown Amsterdam! Please have a look at the pictures and decide for yourself if you would enjoy some time in this ever-changing studio. It's a 15 minute walk through beautifull  Jordaan and Canal area to Dam square.. 10 minutes to Anne Franks House.. Amsterdam is such a small and open-minded city...Everything on walking distance....or what about hiring a bycicle? No TV because..not really necessary isn't it?,"I have a very cosy studio in a typical style. Maybe it looks a little chaotic, but for me that exactly is the charm. Of course it will be totally available and guest-ready for you. It's in a very quiet and beautiful area. Please look at the pictures. Welcome in my groundfloor apartment in the quietest part of the Jordaan.  Isn't holiday also all about going to places you never expected? In my 30 square meter 1-room apartment you make a nice entry into unknown Amsterdam! Please have a look at the pictures and decide for yourself if you would enjoy some time in this ever-changing studio. It's a 15 minute walk through beautifull  Jordaan and Canal area to Dam square.. 10 minutes to Anne Franks House.. Amsterdam is such a small and open-minded city...Everything on walking distance....or what about hiring a bycicle? No TV because..not really necessary isn't it? The whole studio is available for you. We will mainly communicate by text messages or Airbnb website. My neighbourhood ""de Jordaan""","My neighbourhood ""de Jordaan"" is very muched loved by guests. The location of my studio is in a very quiet part of the neighbourhood, which is very nice!","BUS/TRAMSTOP ""NIEUWE WILLEMSSTRAAT""  BUS: to and from Central Station: 18 and 21. It's a 5 minutes ride and both run very frequently.  TRAM: Line 3 covers Amsterdam outside the canal-area. BUS/TRAMSTOP ""MARNIXPLEIN"" TRAM: Line 10 covers the outer canal-area",no smoking inside the house please.
