"A beautiful, comfortable 2 bedroom appartment in the best neighborhood of Amsterdam ""Oud zuid"". It has a large sunny garden and has lots of shops and restaurants around the corner, is next to the Vondelpark and within walking distance to the center!","The 100 m2 appartment is located in the best area of Amsterdam with a beautiful sunny garden of also 100 m2. Shops, restaurants, the park and  the city center are all within walking distance. It's a perfect appartment to spend some time in the summer in Amsterdam.","A beautiful, comfortable 2 bedroom appartment in the best neighborhood of Amsterdam ""Oud zuid"". It has a large sunny garden and has lots of shops and restaurants around the corner, is next to the Vondelpark and within walking distance to the center! The 100 m2 appartment is located in the best area of Amsterdam with a beautiful sunny garden of also 100 m2. Shops, restaurants, the park and  the city center are all within walking distance. It's a perfect appartment to spend some time in the summer in Amsterdam. Guests will have access to everything except the little garden house. Washing machine, dryer, oven, bbq, green egg, towels, wifi etc. There are sun beds in the garden as well. I'm very flexible and will see what my guests need and want. The area of 'zuid' is like a little village in the city. There a beautiful fashion shops and fantastic places to eat. Yet it is also quiet and safe. It's around the corner from the Rijksmuseum, van Gogh and a lot of other museums. The PC Hooftstraa","The area of 'zuid' is like a little village in the city. There a beautiful fashion shops and fantastic places to eat. Yet it is also quiet and safe. It's around the corner from the Rijksmuseum, van Gogh and a lot of other museums. The PC Hooftstraat is a 5 minute walk.",The tram stop is around the corner and will take you into the center in 5 minutes. Yet walking through the park will take you less than 15 minutes to the leidse plein.,No smoking inside Leave the apartment the way you found it Broken things must be paid for or replaced
