An apartment close to the city center and yet in a trendy and green area? Enjoy the comfort of this modern 1940's apartment! A perfect place to recharge after a bustling day in Amsterdam!,"The apartment comprises 5 spaces on 51 sq meters [WiFi everywhere]: - Living room: Spacious and light and with sophisticated designer furniture. Put on the gentile lights during the evening and enjoy a movie on the flatscreen TV. A great table to work at, to enjoy breakfast or to make your plans for the next day! - Bathroom: Small but with everything in reach. A nice shower and a heater for your fluffy towels. And of course plenty of space for your toiletries. - Kitchen: A brand new kitchen in style with the rest of the house. The kitchen contains an oven, microwave, a washing machine and a drying machine. Please mind: there's no dishwasher. But hey, when was the last time you did the dishes together? Now isn't that romantic! - The hall: Space for your coats and shoes. The wooden floor catches the eye immediately and gives the house this warm and friendly feeling! - Bedroom: A nice and comfy bed and a wall closet! A slow start of the day? Open the balcony doors, let the sun come in and","An apartment close to the city center and yet in a trendy and green area? Enjoy the comfort of this modern 1940's apartment! A perfect place to recharge after a bustling day in Amsterdam! The apartment comprises 5 spaces on 51 sq meters [WiFi everywhere]: - Living room: Spacious and light and with sophisticated designer furniture. Put on the gentile lights during the evening and enjoy a movie on the flatscreen TV. A great table to work at, to enjoy breakfast or to make your plans for the next day! - Bathroom: Small but with everything in reach. A nice shower and a heater for your fluffy towels. And of course plenty of space for your toiletries. - Kitchen: A brand new kitchen in style with the rest of the house. The kitchen contains an oven, microwave, a washing machine and a drying machine. Please mind: there's no dishwasher. But hey, when was the last time you did the dishes together? Now isn't that romantic! - The hall: Space for your coats and shoes. The wooden floor catches the eye",,,"Please note: - the apartment is fully non-smoking - the apartment is all yours, but guests from outside can't be let in - since the apartment has been recently renovated, please be so kind to be careful with the white walls and new floor."
