"Accommodation on a well accessible and quiet location just outside city centre.  Shops and tramstop are nearby. Bedroom with double bed is private for guest(s), use of bathroom, kitchen, and the spacious living is shared with owner.","Accommodation on a very nice, calm and convenient location.  The renewed apartment from the 30s has a comfortable atmosphere. It consists of a spacious  hall, a light living, one bedroom with a double bed, renewed bathroom with bath and shower and a modernised kitchen. A couch  can be used as a third bed .  The bed room is private space for guest(s), besides that they have access to the owner's living, kitchen and bathroom, and of course entrance.","Accommodation on a well accessible and quiet location just outside city centre.  Shops and tramstop are nearby. Bedroom with double bed is private for guest(s), use of bathroom, kitchen, and the spacious living is shared with owner. Accommodation on a very nice, calm and convenient location.  The renewed apartment from the 30s has a comfortable atmosphere. It consists of a spacious  hall, a light living, one bedroom with a double bed, renewed bathroom with bath and shower and a modernised kitchen. A couch  can be used as a third bed .  The bed room is private space for guest(s), besides that they have access to the owner's living, kitchen and bathroom, and of course entrance. Guests will have access to the whole accommodation. The owner is there to provide the guests with information during their stay. The apartment is located in a residential area just outside the city centre, with some main shopping streets and many types of restaurants near the end of the street. The centre is withi","The apartment is located in a residential area just outside the city centre, with some main shopping streets and many types of restaurants near the end of the street. The centre is within easy reach. ",From the airport: within  25  by train with train  and tramway.  From the Central  Station: about 15 minutes  by tramway.,Niet roken.  Geen huisdieren. Geen 12-20 jarigen.
