"Ons nieuwe appartement ademt een relaxte, schone en comfortabele sfeer. De stijl is modern met een industrieel element. Er zijn twee slaapkamers aan de voorkant met ruime bedden en wasbak. Ze hebben beide een aparte douche en toilet. U zult een prachtig uitzicht hebben op een typisch Amsterdamse straat. In de woonkamer is een ruime keuken en een groot balkon op het zuiden. U kunt genieten van het uitzicht op de Rembrandt toren, een prachtige oude kerk.","Hi, we are Coen and Mirjam van Zadelhoff and we would like to welcome you in our brandnew apartment, Our recently renovated appartment breathes a relaxed, clean and comfortable atmosphere. The style is modern with a touch of industrial.  The room on the street side has a separate bathroom and an extra room where your child can stay. You will have a beautifull view on a beautifull tipical Amsterdam street. There is a double bed that is seperable. The room at the back has an ensuite bathroom and a balcony facing south, you can enjoy the beautifull view on the Rembrandt tower, a beautifull old church and some big trees. There is a double bed. Both rooms have television, nespresso machines and kettles. We are situated on the edge of the city centre in a nice, spacious and green area. There are several restaurants (de kas, merkelbach, café 1900, Elsa's) within walking distance of 250 metres. A supermarket is at 150 metres walking distance as well as several fine food shops, and for 15 euro ","Hi, we are Coen and Mirjam van Zadelhoff and we would like to welcome you in our brandnew apartment, Our recently renovated appartment breathes a relaxed, clean and comfortable atmosphere. The style is modern with a touch of industrial.  The room on the street side has a separate bathroom and an extra room where your child can stay. You will have a beautifull view on a beautifull tipical Amsterdam street. There is a double bed that is seperable. The room at the back has an ensuite bathroom and a balcony facing south, you can enjoy the beautifull view on the Rembrandt tower, a beautifull old church and some big trees. There is a double bed. Both rooms have television, nespresso machines and kettles. We are situated on the edge of the city centre in a nice, spacious and green area. There are several restaurants (de kas, merkelbach, café 1900, Elsa's) within walking distance of 250 metres. A supermarket is at 150 metres walking distance as well as several fine food shops, and for 15 euro ",Amsterdam Oost is a very nice part of Amsterdam. Our street is nice and wide. There are restaurants and cafe's and places where you can go for breakfast. There is also Oostpoort that's a small shopping centre near by.,"from the apartment its about 15 minutes by tram 9 which stops at 200 meters walking from the apartment and takes you directly to Dam square. you can buy tickets in the tram with a debit card.  You can also buy a pass for 24 or 48 hours. From central station it's 15 minuts by tram 9 stop at Hogeweg for Parking, you can park in our street for € 23,- 24 hours. or at garage oostpoort for €12,- for 24 our that is 5 minuts walk from the apartement from Schiphol The easy way is to take a taxi for 20 minuts at around €30-40  or you can also take the train from Schiphol to Duivendrecht peron 1/2 for 3 stops (16min) than take bus 41 for 11 stops (15min) stop at Hogeweg, go into Hogeweg and turn right at the fountain, number 48. You can ring the left bell we will be there to give you the key if you let us know the time you ecspect to arrive. It takes 42 minuts You can also take the train to Amsterdam Muiderport station peron 3 for 40 minuts. Then walk 850m (9min) to the apartment. It takes 40 min","We trust you to respect the people living in this area by keeping the soundlevel apropriate and to treet the room and everything therein according to the purpose it is disigned for. Check in from 15:00, but you can bring your luggage before. Check out before 11:00, but you can leave your luggage and pick it up later. Please note this apartment is suitable for four persons, if you sleep in the apartment  with more then four persons you are breaking the Dutch law and will be forced to leave the apartment."
