"Beautiful apartment, completely renovated and very light and spacious. With a huge open kitchen, which leads you directly to the living room, this apartment is perfect for a small group of four people. There are two separate bedrooms both wit","Beautiful apartment, completely renovated and very light and spacious. With a huge open kitchen, which leads you directly to the living room, this apartment is perfect for a small group of four people. There are two separate bedrooms both wit Beautiful apartment, completely renovated and very light and spacious. With a huge open kitchen, which leads you directly to the living room, this apartment is perfect for a small group of four people. There are two separate bedrooms both with a double bed, one of the two bedrooms has a flatscreen, a blue ray player and 700 channels. Normally the other bedroom is locked. But the use is negotiable. There is one bathroom with a shower. The bathroom and shower is separated by a glass door. You will receive a warm welcome and I can tell you all about the city. The house has a very quick wireless Internet connection (40 mb) connection. The neighborhood Halfway between you find the following streets Postjesweg / Kinkerstraat and Jan Evertsenstraat, you ","Beautiful apartment, completely renovated and very light and spacious. With a huge open kitchen, which leads you directly to the living room, this apartment is perfect for a small group of four people. There are two separate bedrooms both wit Beautiful apartment, completely renovated and very light and spacious. With a huge open kitchen, which leads you directly to the living room, this apartment is perfect for a small group of four people. There are two separate bedrooms both wit Beautiful apartment, completely renovated and very light and spacious. With a huge open kitchen, which leads you directly to the living room, this apartment is perfect for a small group of four people. There are two separate bedrooms both with a double bed, one of the two bedrooms has a flatscreen, a blue ray player and 700 channels. Normally the other bedroom is locked. But the use is negotiable. There is one bathroom with a shower. The bathroom and shower is separated by a glass door. You will receive a war",,,With good communication everything is possible!
