Hi there! The apartment is on the 3th floor in a nice and quiet street only a few meters from the lovely and famous Vondelpark.,"It has a fully equipped kitchen (there are plates & pans, an espresso machine, an oven and a refrigerator). Furthermore it has a bathroom with shower, a sofa to lounge on, a dining table, and a comfortable double bed. There’s a long balcony from side to side of the apartment.  Also, there’s free access to wireless Internet and satellite tv. There is a stereo installation, and an appleTV. There is a cleaning lady and before you arrive she will clean the house. Fresh towels and linen will be provided. I am happy to welcome you and answer all your questions.    About me I'm a an actor and director. I decided to open up my apartment for travelers to Amsterdam, because I am not much / never at home. I am either in my own studio's where i work or at my girlfriends house or abroad. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask, I am more then willing to help.","Hi there! The apartment is on the 3th floor in a nice and quiet street only a few meters from the lovely and famous Vondelpark. It has a fully equipped kitchen (there are plates & pans, an espresso machine, an oven and a refrigerator). Furthermore it has a bathroom with shower, a sofa to lounge on, a dining table, and a comfortable double bed. There’s a long balcony from side to side of the apartment.  Also, there’s free access to wireless Internet and satellite tv. There is a stereo installation, and an appleTV. There is a cleaning lady and before you arrive she will clean the house. Fresh towels and linen will be provided. I am happy to welcome you and answer all your questions.    About me I'm a an actor and director. I decided to open up my apartment for travelers to Amsterdam, because I am not much / never at home. I am either in my own studio's where i work or at my girlfriends house or abroad. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask, I am more then willing to help","Location: Close to the famous Vondelpark, my lovely apartment is situated in ""Old-West"". This neighborhood is one of the upscale, young and vibrant neighborhoods of this large city. Even though many people live here, your sleep is never disrupted by the loud city life. The city center is easily reachable by bicycle (7min), tram (5min), or even walking (17 min)! Also, Schiphol airport and the highway is easily accessible from my apartment. In the direct vicinity there are multiple supermarkets, lovely restaurants and bars and a wide variety of shops, ranging from a bakery to a gift store. There is even a Michelin star restaurant a couple of streets away!","As for transport, tram is a couple of minutes away and travels to the city center many times an hour (you have the possibility to take a lot of different trams). Paid parking is available in front of the house, highway is a 4 minute drive (A10/A4). But, if you want to travel like the Dutch do, take the bicycle (also available on request)!","No house rules, just treat the appartment as if it was your own."
