"We seriously doubt you’ll find a nicer apartment in Amsterdam. -130m2  -a 5-10 minute bike ride to any well known site (Vondelpark, City centre) -Very comfi beds. -Transportation, restaurants & bike rentals are around the corner","Main characteristics of the apartment are: - Centrally located, ie. The Vondelpark, (Amsterdam's ""Central park""), is one block away - supermarket, public transport, cafe's & restaurants are around the corner.  - Beautiful canal view  - 2 big bedrooms (master room of 25m2 and a guestroom of 12m2)  The master bedroom has 1 big bed that fits two persons AND 1 white bedcouch that opens up and becomes a comfortable bed for one extra person. The other bedroom has one big bed that fits two persons. - Luxurious and spacious bathroom (2 sinks, a bath and separate shower)  - 2 toilets  - Very clean  - 55 sqm2 living room with open kitchen  - Private terrace (14m2)   -Free wifi and cable tv  - Elevator (apartment is on 2nd floor), 2 staircases.  - French balconies on the front side  - All appliances one needs are in the house - Linnens and towels are all included - Free parking in the private parking garage - Quiet & Safe apartment/neighborhood ","We seriously doubt you’ll find a nicer apartment in Amsterdam. -130m2  -a 5-10 minute bike ride to any well known site (Vondelpark, City centre) -Very comfi beds. -Transportation, restaurants & bike rentals are around the corner Main characteristics of the apartment are: - Centrally located, ie. The Vondelpark, (Amsterdam's ""Central park""), is one block away - supermarket, public transport, cafe's & restaurants are around the corner.  - Beautiful canal view  - 2 big bedrooms (master room of 25m2 and a guestroom of 12m2)  The master bedroom has 1 big bed that fits two persons AND 1 white bedcouch that opens up and becomes a comfortable bed for one extra person. The other bedroom has one big bed that fits two persons. - Luxurious and spacious bathroom (2 sinks, a bath and separate shower)  - 2 toilets  - Very clean  - 55 sqm2 living room with open kitchen  - Private terrace (14m2)   -Free wifi and cable tv  - Elevator (apartment is on 2nd floor), 2 staircases.  - French balconies on the ",,,Enjoy your stay but please respect our apartment.. Please keep cigarettes and/or parties outside of the house ;-)
