Living in a village in the city,"Perfect for a romantic getaway for a couple, with or without  kids. Very charming family home in lovely neighbourhood. Built in 1895. 5 minutes by bicycle to Jordaan and canals. Ground floor has a open plan kitchen, living and dining area with glass doors to a lovely lush and secluded garden with two terraces. Kitchen is modern and well equipped with dishwasher etc. As cooking is one of our favorite activities.The L shaped sofa is a treat after exploring this beautiful city. A separate toilet can be found in the hall way. On the first floor you will find two bed rooms and one bathroom with shower and additional toilet. One room has a King size double bed facing the garden. The second room sleeps two kids (up to 4 years) only. An additional person could sleep on the sofa on our ground floor.  Please do not hesitate to contact us for any specific questions or recommendations for a nice stay in Amsterdam.  Amenities: Fresh bedding, towels and kitchen linen TV, Wifi, Nespresso Machine  Sto","Living in a village in the city Perfect for a romantic getaway for a couple, with or without  kids. Very charming family home in lovely neighbourhood. Built in 1895. 5 minutes by bicycle to Jordaan and canals. Ground floor has a open plan kitchen, living and dining area with glass doors to a lovely lush and secluded garden with two terraces. Kitchen is modern and well equipped with dishwasher etc. As cooking is one of our favorite activities.The L shaped sofa is a treat after exploring this beautiful city. A separate toilet can be found in the hall way. On the first floor you will find two bed rooms and one bathroom with shower and additional toilet. One room has a King size double bed facing the garden. The second room sleeps two kids (up to 4 years) only. An additional person could sleep on the sofa on our ground floor.  Please do not hesitate to contact us for any specific questions or recommendations for a nice stay in Amsterdam.  Amenities: Fresh bedding, towels and kitchen linen ",West is the vibrant 'new' neighbourhood,100 meter to tramcars. 13 minutes to Central train station,We expect our guests to have a relaxing and joyful time in our lovely home.
