"This lovely apartment is located in a great central part of Amsterdam, very close to the Vondelpark and many nice restaurants and bars. It is equipped with everything you need: an attractive living room, a sunny balcony and it's lovely decorated.",The apartment is very relaxed and nice. It is a perfect start to explore and experience the lovely city of Amsterdam. It is good to know that the apartment is located on the 4th floor and there is no elevator present.,"This lovely apartment is located in a great central part of Amsterdam, very close to the Vondelpark and many nice restaurants and bars. It is equipped with everything you need: an attractive living room, a sunny balcony and it's lovely decorated. The apartment is very relaxed and nice. It is a perfect start to explore and experience the lovely city of Amsterdam. It is good to know that the apartment is located on the 4th floor and there is no elevator present. You have access to the whole house with kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. You do not have to share this apartment with others. Iamb&b will let you in, hand you the keys and show you around in the house and if you like in Amsterdam. After that you can always call if you need any assistance. Oud West is close to the city-centre and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Ten Katestraat market is an excellent outdoor market with its charming cross-street ‘Bellamystraat’ giving the area an old-fashion village vibe – com","Oud West is close to the city-centre and close to both Vondelpark and Rembrandtpark. Ten Katestraat market is an excellent outdoor market with its charming cross-street ‘Bellamystraat’ giving the area an old-fashion village vibe – complete with dance studio and blacksmith. Kinkerstraat is a multicultural area with a large shopping street filled with bars, restaurants, clothes etc. It’s criss-crossed with commercial streets, including Overtoom which has become a major interiors boulevard. Two of the city’s more interesting alternative cultural complexes, OT301 and Lab111, which both mix music, film and art, are located here. But for a real taste for the relaxed diversity of this neighbourhood, visit the sprawling terrace of Du Cap to truly witness all walks of life. And again: the whole city is pretty much nearby. Dam square: 2.6km Central Station: 3.3km Museumsquare: 2km","Tram 17, 7 on the kinkerstraat side Tram 1 on the Overtoom side","Please don't trash the place, don't smoke inside or be loud at night. Other than that, enjoy it as your own apartment."
