,"Hi we are Mark and Neletta We like to share our lovely house with you. The house is of modern design and is built last year on a new island in Amsterdam on Ijburg. In the beginning of 2013 we moved to this house with our three children because of the unique place. It's a perfect combination of two wolds. The quiet, spacious and special architecture of this island at the east side of Amsterdam and its proximity to the city centre. It's only 20 minutes by tram 26 to Central Station Amsterdam or you can take the bike. It will take about 30 minutes to bike to the old city centre of Amsterdam. The house can accommodate one or two families up to 9 persons in total. It's a comfortable spacious family home (240 square-meter) with a garden all around the house, a great roof terrace and free parking. Downstairs. There is an open kitchen with all modern kitchen equipment you need (dishwasher, oven, induction cooking). The dining area and living room are spacious and open up to the garden and terr","Hi we are Mark and Neletta We like to share our lovely house with you. The house is of modern design and is built last year on a new island in Amsterdam on Ijburg. In the beginning of 2013 we moved to this house with our three children because of the unique place. It's a perfect combination of two wolds. The quiet, spacious and special architecture of this island at the east side of Amsterdam and its proximity to the city centre. It's only 20 minutes by tram 26 to Central Station Amsterdam or you can take the bike. It will take about 30 minutes to bike to the old city centre of Amsterdam. The house can accommodate one or two families up to 9 persons in total. It's a comfortable spacious family home (240 square-meter) with a garden all around the house, a great roof terrace and free parking. Downstairs. There is an open kitchen with all modern kitchen equipment you need (dishwasher, oven, induction cooking). The dining area and living room are spacious and open up to the garden and terr","I love the space around the house, the water, the birds and the beach. On the other hand is the city close by and it's a nice distance to bike to the centre",tram 26 will take you in 20 minutes to central station.,no smoking inside
