,"You will love this apartment. It offers the comfort and luxury you wish for, like a real home. The Linnaeussuite is the ideal place to come home to, after a day in exciting Amsterdam. The neighbourhood is trendy and quiet and it’s only 10 minutes by tram to the city center. Linnaeussuite apartment offers: •	Optimal privacy and comfort  •	Trendy restaurants around the corner •	The centre of Amsterdam within close reach •	Friendly and quiet neighbourhood •	Your hosts, often around for tips, help and answers Enjoy luxury and comfort during your stay at the Linnaeussuite: •	Complete floor of 50 m2 with separate entrance •	Spacious living room with balcony (have your breakfast in the sun!) •	Royal master bedroom, with a king bed of 180 cm x 210 cm •	Design bathroom with XL-tub, separate rain shower, washstand and toilet •	Sunny roof terrace of 25 m2, with deck chairs, flowers and a view •	Pantry with Nespresso machine, refrigerator, micro wave, etc. •	LCD TV, DVD player, Free WIFI broadband","You will love this apartment. It offers the comfort and luxury you wish for, like a real home. The Linnaeussuite is the ideal place to come home to, after a day in exciting Amsterdam. The neighbourhood is trendy and quiet and it’s only 10 minutes by tram to the city center. Linnaeussuite apartment offers: •	Optimal privacy and comfort  •	Trendy restaurants around the corner •	The centre of Amsterdam within close reach •	Friendly and quiet neighbourhood •	Your hosts, often around for tips, help and answers Enjoy luxury and comfort during your stay at the Linnaeussuite: •	Complete floor of 50 m2 with separate entrance •	Spacious living room with balcony (have your breakfast in the sun!) •	Royal master bedroom, with a king bed of 180 cm x 210 cm •	Design bathroom with XL-tub, separate rain shower, washstand and toilet •	Sunny roof terrace of 25 m2, with deck chairs, flowers and a view •	Pantry with Nespresso machine, refrigerator, micro wave, etc. •	LCD TV, DVD player, Free WIFI broadband",,Tram number 9 stops at 200 meter and takes you right into the city center within about 10 minutes. The tram runs about every 8 to 10 minutes.,"No drugs, no pets. Smoking is not allowed in the apartment, but it is ok to smoke on the balcony and on the roof terrace."
