"Our house is very well situated in the centre of Amsterdam, close by all the important musea, the entertainment area and overlooking the Vondelpark. There is direct transportation to Schiphol and Amsterdam Central Station. It's suitable for solo travellers, business travellers, couples or friends. It's very spacious, luxurious and clean. It’s the perfect place to recharge your batteries when the city has exhausted you.","At the border of the famous Vondelpark in the Old West district we present: Our beautiful and spacious two floor apartment (100 square meters) in a family-house. The apartment is situated on the first and second floor.  No neighbors underneath and above, which is unique in a city like Amsterdam. The ground floor is also our property, but not available because it is our work-space. You will have your own entrance. The apartment has a very spacious and relaxing living room with open kitchen on the first floor, a separate bathroom, separate toilet and a spacious bedroom on the second floor. The spacious master bedroom is situated at the back of the house looking at the Vondelpark and has a queenside bed. The second bedroom has a single bed and a writing desk and comfortable working chair. We have one extra mattress for this room for an extra guest.  The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, fridge and freezer, a water cooker, a senseo coffee machine, a microwave, two ovens and a st","Our house is very well situated in the centre of Amsterdam, close by all the important musea, the entertainment area and overlooking the Vondelpark. There is direct transportation to Schiphol and Amsterdam Central Station. It's suitable for solo travellers, business travellers, couples or friends. It's very spacious, luxurious and clean. It’s the perfect place to recharge your batteries when the city has exhausted you. At the border of the famous Vondelpark in the Old West district we present: Our beautiful and spacious two floor apartment (100 square meters) in a family-house. The apartment is situated on the first and second floor.  No neighbors underneath and above, which is unique in a city like Amsterdam. The ground floor is also our property, but not available because it is our work-space. You will have your own entrance. The apartment has a very spacious and relaxing living room with open kitchen on the first floor, a separate bathroom, separate toilet and a spacious bedroom on ","We have the famous Vondelpark as our backyard. The museum district is easily and quickly to reach by foot or bike (through the park) or by tram. Just out of the real touristic city centre, but still in a very likely neighborhood you can enjoy all kind of restaurants and bars, small boutiques. Close by we also have the old industrial hotspot ""De hallen"" with a big indoor foodcourt and a cinema and some really good restaurants.","The tram stop is only 30 seconds away from our house. The tram (number one) will take you in 7 minutes to the city centre (Leidseplein). By car you reach the highway in 5 minutes and the Vondelpark is less than a minute by foot. Our house can easily be reached from the airport. First you take the train to Amsterdam Lelylaan (one stop) and then you have to make an easy transfer to  tram number one: in three stops (Rhijnvis feithstraat) you will reached the apartment. This will take you about 25 minutes. Or you can take a taxi (about 15 minutes and  35,- euro's).","We love our apartment and the interior styling of it. We treat it with respect and of course you will do so too.  Our house is a non-smoking place. If you have the need to smoke, the roof terrace is all yours.  We have a dog ourselves, so bringing yours would not be a problem. Your dog is only allowed on the first floor (living room/kitchen), the second floor (bedroom/bathroom/toilet) is a no-go area. As well is the couch in the livingroom."
