Live like a local in a quiet street ending into the vondelpark. Ride our bikes through the park into the center in less than 10 minutes or use our PT-cards. Enjoy a fully equipped apartment and the wonderful restaurants/shops in our neighbourhood.,"This spacious and clean apartment is full of style and quality. It's perfect for one or two persons and has everything you need. The cosy Aprartment is located in a residential area with a lots of great restaurants and shops. The amazing Vondelpark is right at your doorstep. Take our bikes and ride through the park right into the center (bike riding in Amsterdam is the way to go!) or you could just walk 1 min. and take the ""tram 1"" crossing the entire center of Amsterdam all the way to central station. The studio/apartment has everything you need, a fully equipped kitchen with coffee/tea, oil, herbs etc.. bedding and towels, there is a PC, WiFi, washing machine, iron (+board), hairdryer, hairclipper, soap, shampoo, painkillers, shoeshine you name it. :P We have 2 public transport cards so you can travel cheap like a local. There is lots of info and guidebooks in the apartment. Once you've booked the apartment I will send you detailed directions to the apartment and an interactive map w","Live like a local in a quiet street ending into the vondelpark. Ride our bikes through the park into the center in less than 10 minutes or use our PT-cards. Enjoy a fully equipped apartment and the wonderful restaurants/shops in our neighbourhood. This spacious and clean apartment is full of style and quality. It's perfect for one or two persons and has everything you need. The cosy Aprartment is located in a residential area with a lots of great restaurants and shops. The amazing Vondelpark is right at your doorstep. Take our bikes and ride through the park right into the center (bike riding in Amsterdam is the way to go!) or you could just walk 1 min. and take the ""tram 1"" crossing the entire center of Amsterdam all the way to central station. The studio/apartment has everything you need, a fully equipped kitchen with coffee/tea, oil, herbs etc.. bedding and towels, there is a PC, WiFi, washing machine, iron (+board), hairdryer, hairclipper, soap, shampoo, painkillers, shoeshine you ","I would not know a better spot in Amsterdam than here. It is quiet yet close to the center, next to the park but on the non-touristic side. the restaurants, shops, bakeries, lunchrooms, cafe's, green grocers all minutes away and lovely.  I'd recommed to have some mouthwatering Ethiopian food, wood oven baked pizza, indonesian rice table, cheese fondue or special beer from a bar that has hundreds of different beers, all this within walking distance. There is a supermarket and night shop around the corner and the park....the oh so wonderful vondelpark...","I urge you to use the bikes, that is the best. But if it rains or you don't dare to ride bikes, there are two public transport cards for cheap and easy travel. ""Tram 1"" leaves at a stop one minute away from the apartment and takes you to the center or back home in not more than 10 min. If you are lucky with the connection you could be here from schiphol airport in ~20 min.","no pets, no kids, no noise, no smoking, no parties, no more than 2 people staying over. yes enjoy, use everything you need."
