"Very comfortable and spacious 21m2 guestroom with a private shower and sink in a quiet neighbourhood for 2 people, close to the famous Vondelpark. In less than 15 minutes walking to the Museumplein en 10 minutes to the Leidseplein.","Dear guest, # Update as from June 2017: digital TV # Update 25 November 2016: we have installed a powerfull WiFi, only to be used by the accommodation # Update April 2016: the app 2days Amsterdam shows you what you can do during your stay # Guestroom 1 and 2 have their own small kitchenette. Each kitchenette has a refrigerator as well as a combi microwave/oven to prepare breakfast, lunch, microfood or cook water. # use MAPfrappe, see (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), to compare the size of your hometown with Amsterdam. Great tool! # Guestroom 1 and 2 have each their own private shower and sink # Guestroom 1 and 2 are together suitable for 4 persons in total, but it's necessary to book both rooms if you want to come with 4 persons #go to my profile and have a look at all my listings Welcome and enjoy your stay in Guest Room 1, a self dependant room, which is situated on the 4th floor. I (the owner) live on the ground/1st floor of the same building. About Guest Room 1 After booking you will r","Very comfortable and spacious 21m2 guestroom with a private shower and sink in a quiet neighbourhood for 2 people, close to the famous Vondelpark. In less than 15 minutes walking to the Museumplein en 10 minutes to the Leidseplein. Dear guest, # Update as from June 2017: digital TV # Update 25 November 2016: we have installed a powerfull WiFi, only to be used by the accommodation # Update April 2016: the app 2days Amsterdam shows you what you can do during your stay # Guestroom 1 and 2 have their own small kitchenette. Each kitchenette has a refrigerator as well as a combi microwave/oven to prepare breakfast, lunch, microfood or cook water. # use MAPfrappe, see (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), to compare the size of your hometown with Amsterdam. Great tool! # Guestroom 1 and 2 have each their own private shower and sink # Guestroom 1 and 2 are together suitable for 4 persons in total, but it's necessary to book both rooms if you want to come with 4 persons #go to my profile and have a look","This is a very lively neighbourhood close to the famous Vondelpark and with many restaurants around. A mere 10 minutes walk through the park will bring you to the Museumplein with the Rijksmuseum and van Gogh museum. The neighbourhood is close to the centre, but it is not where the majority of the tourists stay.","The most common transport from Schiphol to the accommodation: 1) at Schiphol you can take a taxi, which is a 20 minutes ride to the apartment OR 2) you take the train from Schiphol to Amsterdam Centraal and then take tram 1 to tramstop ""Jan Pieter Heijestraat (Overtoom)"". This should take approx. 35-45 minutes OR 3) you take the train from Schiphol to the station of Lelylaan (only 1 stop from Schiphol) and then take tram 1 to tramstop ""Jan Pieter Heijestraat (Overtoom)"". This should take no more than 25 minutes from Schiphol. From the last tramstop to the accommodation is only 200m. Your accommodation is part of a 5 storey building. The right door is my own private entrance at the groundfloor. Just ring at my doorbell, we go up together via the left door of the building to your accommodation. I shall explain a few things about the accommodation and give the keys to you. At the check out, you can leave the keys on the table inside the room.","Please treat the place like it´s yours, with respect to the neighbours and leave the apartment the way it was when you arrived. You can enter or leave the building at any time day and night, but try to be as quiet as possible when you enter or leave the building. Smoking in the apartment is NOT allowed."
