"Love for design and characteristics. Sleeps 5. Nice charming garden.  Walking distance from Vondelpark and MuseumSquare. Public transport nearby. 5 minutes walk from centre. High standard residential neigborhood.  Ideal for family or couple. Located in a small street ending up with a lovely church.  Comfortable home.  Next door Van Gogh, Stedelijk Museum, Rijksmuseum, Concerthall, Shops and Sporting places.","Nice Comfortable House at Museum District near Vondelpark. Spacy and sleeps for 5. Located in a residential block. Just one block away of the Museumsquare and all public transport. Besides all the nice musea, park, shops, sportplaces, streetlife, markets around,  There is enough space to chill out in the house after all the sightseeing in Amsterdam, also in the garden! The house is build in 1904 and decorated with all amenities and devided in levels. We have WIFI, so you can inform everybody about your stay in Holland. First level is the ground floor: -spacy hall for entrance with art of Billio Nic from Belgium Knokke -separate wardrobe and larders -living room for relaxing with Xbox360, television (Film1 + Sport 1 Canal Plus) and big table for dining with chairs of famous Dutch designer Gerrit Rietveld and Danish Design of Frits Hansen. Unique dutch artists as Herman Brood and Floor Bruyn Kops paintings make colourfull brightness in the room.  -balcony with view at the garden -spinnin","Love for design and characteristics. Sleeps 5. Nice charming garden.  Walking distance from Vondelpark and MuseumSquare. Public transport nearby. 5 minutes walk from centre. High standard residential neigborhood.  Ideal for family or couple. Located in a small street ending up with a lovely church.  Comfortable home.  Next door Van Gogh, Stedelijk Museum, Rijksmuseum, Concerthall, Shops and Sporting places. Nice Comfortable House at Museum District near Vondelpark. Spacy and sleeps for 5. Located in a residential block. Just one block away of the Museumsquare and all public transport. Besides all the nice musea, park, shops, sportplaces, streetlife, markets around,  There is enough space to chill out in the house after all the sightseeing in Amsterdam, also in the garden! The house is build in 1904 and decorated with all amenities and devided in levels. We have WIFI, so you can inform everybody about your stay in Holland. First level is the ground floor: -spacy hall for entrance with a","To tip you these are the Musea just around the corner: - “Rijksmuseum"" -“Van Gogh Museum"" - “Stedelijk Museum"" - “Concertgebouw"" / Hall of Classic Concerts. And then easy to reach by tram and nice to do and visit, for example -Anne Frank House -Canal Boat tour Easy to come to RAI, Sloterdijk or Business District Zuid WTC by walk, bike or public transport Easy to reach by Car (and lots more in our house guide) -Zaanse Schans with typically Dutch Windmills -Volendam with typically Dutch fisherman's houses and good fresh fish -Bloemendaal and Zandvoort for beach view and kiting and surfing -Oud Valkeveen with a huge playground for the kids -Keukenhof in Lisse for the surrounding with beautifull tulps/flowers Shopping street and markets on walking distance: -the charming “Cornelis Schuyt Straat"" with several boutiques, a butcher, bakery, organic grocery store and nice restaurants for having breakfast, lunch or dinner. -the famous “P.C. Hoofdstraat"" with all the popular clothes stores. -the","Public transport: -One block away at the MuseumSquare with all trams, bus and taxi -One block away at the Willemsparkweg and Lairessestraat -RAI and Business District ZUID WTC easy reached (by walk, bike) tram","Contact us by Airbnb messaging. Easy and fast way of communicating! CHECK IN and CHECK OUT In consultation with you we can decide about the check in and check out time which will suite the best considering your arrival and departure time by aeroplane or transport. HOUSERULES If things are not clear to you please never hesitate to contact 1.     We will provide two set of keys for the House.  If you loose a set, we will charge €100,- for replacing the lock and making new key cuts. 2.    We will give you against a small payment the possibility to use our bikes; 1 Adult FietsFabriek Bike with 1 KidsBackseat (4-6 years old), 1 Adult Batavus Delivery Bike with 1 KidsBackseat (1-4 years old) and 1 KidsFrontseat (2-4 years old), 1 Tandem Onderwater Bike for 1 Adult and 2 Kids (3-6 years old), 1 Kidsbike (6-8 years old). If you loose the Keys or Lock of one of these bikes, we will charge € 100,- for replacing the Lock and making new key cuts. 3.     Please turn off all lights, heating and powe"
