Super cozy and romantic one bedroom apartement located on the first floor of a monument in the heart of De Jordaan. ,"Super cozy and romantic one bedroom apartement located on the first floor of a monument in the heart of De Jordaan. Without a doubt, the most beautiful, trendy and lively Amsterdam neighborhood. Home to many restaurants, gallery’s and boutiques. At your doostep is a fresh bakery and various (biological) markets. The apartement contains an equiped open kitchen, where you can prepare the best meals to enjoy at the large robust dinner table. A clean and simple bathroom with fresh towels. A bedroom with a Queen Size bed  with white lines, a donzen duvee and pillows. There is free Wifi for laptop and mobile, flatscreen digital tv and DVD player. The apartement is clean and decorated with love; simply, very cosy and romantic. Nearby points of interest - walking distance: Noordermarkt (market)- 5 minutes Anne Frank House - 7 minutes 9 straatjes - 15 minutes Dam Square - 10 minutes Vondelpark - 20 minutes (Public) Transport: Parking Area Marnixstraat - 5 minutes Central Station (international)","Super cozy and romantic one bedroom apartement located on the first floor of a monument in the heart of De Jordaan.  Super cozy and romantic one bedroom apartement located on the first floor of a monument in the heart of De Jordaan. Without a doubt, the most beautiful, trendy and lively Amsterdam neighborhood. Home to many restaurants, gallery’s and boutiques. At your doostep is a fresh bakery and various (biological) markets. The apartement contains an equiped open kitchen, where you can prepare the best meals to enjoy at the large robust dinner table. A clean and simple bathroom with fresh towels. A bedroom with a Queen Size bed  with white lines, a donzen duvee and pillows. There is free Wifi for laptop and mobile, flatscreen digital tv and DVD player. The apartement is clean and decorated with love; simply, very cosy and romantic. Nearby points of interest - walking distance: Noordermarkt (market)- 5 minutes Anne Frank House - 7 minutes 9 straatjes - 15 minutes Dam Square - 10 minu",,,
