APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★Popular PIJP Area ★Huge Private Garden ★NEAR CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Private Entrance ★Fast & Free WIFI,"You want to stay in Amsterdam, but you don't want an overpriced, impersonal hotel? Come to my cozy apartment at the Pijp!  It is perfect for couples, has a nice living room with French doors to the garden which is located at the South. There's an eat in kitchen which gives the house a warm feeling.  Furthermore, there are many restaurants, bars and shops minutes away from the apartment. Also the Albert Cuyp market is right in front of the door!","APARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS ★Popular PIJP Area ★Huge Private Garden ★NEAR CITY CENTRE ★Fully equipped kitchen  ★Private Entrance ★Fast & Free WIFI You want to stay in Amsterdam, but you don't want an overpriced, impersonal hotel? Come to my cozy apartment at the Pijp!  It is perfect for couples, has a nice living room with French doors to the garden which is located at the South. There's an eat in kitchen which gives the house a warm feeling.  Furthermore, there are many restaurants, bars and shops minutes away from the apartment. Also the Albert Cuyp market is right in front of the door! Guests are invited to enjoy the whole apartment. Make yourself at home! If you have any questions about the apartment or if you need recommendations or neighborhood tips, please feel free to contact us during your stay.  We're always happy to help! De Pijp is vibrant and very much on its way up. As can be expected of an area that is centred on the nation’s most famous outdoor market: Albert Cuypmarkt, near t","De Pijp is vibrant and very much on its way up. As can be expected of an area that is centred on the nation’s most famous outdoor market: Albert Cuypmarkt, near to the Heineken brewery. This Amsterdam neighbourhood is famously diverse with over 100 nationalities represented. While still the best neighbourhood to choose from a wide selection of ethnic food, more high-end bars and restaurants have come on the scene to service students and young professionals. Further east along De Pijp there is the Van Woustraat, a former fast food strip, there are now several of the city’s more highly regarded restaurants. But perhaps most representative of the area is Bazar, a former church on the Albert Cuypmarkt that has been reinvented as a funky North African café/restaurant.",The closest form of public transportation is at the Ceintuurbaan. Here you can take tram 3 or 12.,"House rules  We kindly ask you to respect the following house rules: •	Smoking and/or using drugs in the apartment and/or complex is strictly prohibited with a penalty fine up to €100. Please respect this.  •	No additional guests are permitted to stay at the apartment without prior approval by the home owner.  •	Please keep noise levels down at all times, especially when you enter the apartment. Don’t forget that you are sharing the building with others. •	No music after 22:00. •	House parties are prohibited.  •	Please remind yourself of our check-in and check-out times. These are after 15.00 and before 11.00 respectively. •	For a check-in time after 20.00 we charge €20 extra. •	We will make sure the house is clean and ready for you when you check-in. Please leave it in a similar way when checking-out in order to avoid extra cleaning charges. •	Lost keys (and those you accidentally take with you once you’ve gone home) will be replaced for €100. •	Please do not accept packages in the ma"
