"Just west of the Centre, it's a most strategic, well connected place to be, right across Westerpark, in walking distance from the historic centre, in a monument (atmosphere) on a quiet interior square. The well equipped loft apt. is a castle for 2, but can easily accommodate 4 guests.  It is LGBT and Child- friendly!","Pleasantly Open and Spacious place due to the height (5.80 Mtr./19 feet),  with Entresol /Mezzanine, yet a secluded and Intimate apartment. This National Monument's interior (industrial heritage 1900s) was completely renovated in 1997. The formerly 'office only' space has been redone for residency. Great place to have special meetings as well, has good energy for work & study also. Now furnished and well equipped to serve as a nice quiet home for guests staying a couple of days (tourist visit) up to several weeks for a project, or many months (expats, students).  Being located right across the vibrant aliveness of WesterPark and the 'WesterGasFabriek' with its music, dance, theatre, cinema, TV studios, cool hangouts, restaurants, fairs, concerts, workshops, courses & events,  and the (1st) Sunday's Market of funky shopping (art & food)...  ...this apartment is a surprisingly tranquil place for work and inspiration, rest and recuperation, very private, located in the corner of a friendl","Just west of the Centre, it's a most strategic, well connected place to be, right across Westerpark, in walking distance from the historic centre, in a monument (atmosphere) on a quiet interior square. The well equipped loft apt. is a castle for 2, but can easily accommodate 4 guests.  It is LGBT and Child- friendly! Pleasantly Open and Spacious place due to the height (5.80 Mtr./19 feet),  with Entresol /Mezzanine, yet a secluded and Intimate apartment. This National Monument's interior (industrial heritage 1900s) was completely renovated in 1997. The formerly 'office only' space has been redone for residency. Great place to have special meetings as well, has good energy for work & study also. Now furnished and well equipped to serve as a nice quiet home for guests staying a couple of days (tourist visit) up to several weeks for a project, or many months (expats, students).  Being located right across the vibrant aliveness of WesterPark and the 'WesterGasFabriek' with its music, dance","This ""ECO-quarter"" was developed with sustainability in mind, on the original grounds of the former City Water Co. The Cultural events just across in the Westerpark, on the grounds of the former City Gas Company, ""WesterGasFabriek"" attract many people to the area. Hence a big choice in restaurants, bars, bistros and places to go out to and have fun. Neighborhood shops sell most of all direct needs.","Getting around town is easy: In 15 min. you walk to the historic City Centre either by walking through a great shopping street or by passing the old Jordaan-quarter. Public Transport stops are conveniently right around the corner: bus 21 taking you in 12 min. to Central Station and the strategic tram 10, circling the old historic centre and taking you to all the Museums directly! A € 2,90 ticket is valid for 1 hour on bus, tram, metro.  Check out 'Amsterdam City Card' for reduced 2-7 days public transport.    The quickest and most fun method of transport in the city is the bicycle. You can hire regular city bikes just around the corner for €10 a day (€9 for 2 d's).  Car Q-Parking at 100 m. (€30/day) + P-spots on the street (hard to find) are quite expensive!  P+R on the Beltway A10 is cheaper (€ 8/day +free bus ticket into town). Near the airport parking is possible for € 50/week.","-No Smoking and No Drugs in the house!  Outside (on the square) and accross the street/canal in the park, smoking is allowed.  -When returning late, please act as a local. Think of the noise you make in relation to the sleeping neighbors & their children after 10 pm / 22.00 hrs (if too loud, neighbors will be disturbed). Thanks! - Cleanliness! For extensive waste, there's a disposal on the street (at just 1 min.)    For unexpected accidents (we're all human!), you find solutions under the sink to get stains out of your clothes, mop up liquid, etc.  - During your stay, we need a com-channel, preferably without the high foreign roaming costs, like the free conference lines, Facetime or you know 'what app' to use,  sms by dutch chip. Otherwise text/sms by phone."
