"Located in the most romantic and most convenient area of Amsterdam - in the Oude Pijp district. Albert Cuypt market, Heineken Museum, Sarphati park, shops and restaurants are just a few steps away, as well as the Museumplein. Easy access to Schiphol.","Located in the most romantic and most convenient area of Amsterdam - in the Oude Pijp district. Albert Cuypt market, Heineken Museum, Sarphati park, shops and restaurants are just a few steps away, as well as the Museumplein. Easy access to Schiphol. Till today, there were only good moments shared in this house - good energy, love and joy - they make the space different from many other places. Located in the central area of Amsterdam, you can easily get by bike or on foot to the key sight seeings - van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stadelijikmuseum, Albert Cuypt market, Heineken museum, RAI city beach and many other. If staying at the apartment, a list of authentic places, incl. restaurants and palces to visit, will be shared. Also, if interested, a private boat trip on canals can be organized. The apartment faces the sun from the garden side and Ruysdael canal from the living room and entrance. Though located in the central area, it is in a quiet street. In the morning you can even hear n","Located in the most romantic and most convenient area of Amsterdam - in the Oude Pijp district. Albert Cuypt market, Heineken Museum, Sarphati park, shops and restaurants are just a few steps away, as well as the Museumplein. Easy access to Schiphol. Located in the most romantic and most convenient area of Amsterdam - in the Oude Pijp district. Albert Cuypt market, Heineken Museum, Sarphati park, shops and restaurants are just a few steps away, as well as the Museumplein. Easy access to Schiphol. Till today, there were only good moments shared in this house - good energy, love and joy - they make the space different from many other places. Located in the central area of Amsterdam, you can easily get by bike or on foot to the key sight seeings - van Gogh museum, Rijksmuseum, Stadelijikmuseum, Albert Cuypt market, Heineken museum, RAI city beach and many other. If staying at the apartment, a list of authentic places, incl. restaurants and palces to visit, will be shared. Also, if interes","Amsterdam's De Oude Pijp district, nicknamed the Quartier Latin and once the home of the city's poor students and artists, is (email hidden)ly mixture of cultures, food and sights. It is lively, lovely and exciting!","tram 3 and 12 stop 2 buildings away from the apartment. Tram 5, 24 and 16 is 5 min walking distance.","As for smoking, smoking is only possible outside.  Wild parties and too loud music are not allowed Please leave the house clean after yourself. Thank you!:)"
