Nice familyhouse with carport.,"Great modern house in former harbour area.. Three floors, a roof terrace and a free parking place and plenty of natural light. Situated in popular Oostelijke Havengebied area in Amsterdam in the corner of the IJ,  close to Amsterdam Oost with his trendy restaurants / night clubs , bars, and little shops. Also close to the Central Station, the BIM - huis (jazz), Eye filmmuseum, Nieuwmarkt, Red Light district and the Tropenmuseum.  Fully equipped kitchen, modern bathroom, wifi, digital HD television, flat iron, washingmachine and dry cleaner. Two bedroom with fully sized beds and one bedroom with a double bed. It is able to accommodate  up to four/five people, ideal for couple with children.      Several tram lines stop close by. Perfect public transport connection with airport and central station. A broad collection of (multilingual) movies and tv series on dvd. Towels and bed linens provided.","Nice familyhouse with carport. Great modern house in former harbour area.. Three floors, a roof terrace and a free parking place and plenty of natural light. Situated in popular Oostelijke Havengebied area in Amsterdam in the corner of the IJ,  close to Amsterdam Oost with his trendy restaurants / night clubs , bars, and little shops. Also close to the Central Station, the BIM - huis (jazz), Eye filmmuseum, Nieuwmarkt, Red Light district and the Tropenmuseum.  Fully equipped kitchen, modern bathroom, wifi, digital HD television, flat iron, washingmachine and dry cleaner. Two bedroom with fully sized beds and one bedroom with a double bed. It is able to accommodate  up to four/five people, ideal for couple with children.      Several tram lines stop close by. Perfect public transport connection with airport and central station. A broad collection of (multilingual) movies and tv series on dvd. Towels and bed linens provided. Our guests can use the whole house. We will be on holiday ourse","The Eastern Docklands have been developed since the seventies from a harbour site to a highly popular residential area with superb and diverse architecture. The district even became an important tourist stop: architecture tourists and everybody else enjoy the site. During our walk we visit the ‘hot spots’ of the area: the monumental architecture of the KNSM-eiland, the remarkable dwellings, world class footbridges and canals of the Java-eiland, the Gold Coast on Borneo and the impressive residential block The Whale on Sporenburg.","Amsterdam public transport discount & day passes for visitors Depending on your travel plans and the duration of your stay, there are a number of different Amsterdam public transport passes that are especially valuable for visitors: I amsterdam City Card: Free entrance to the city's top attractions, plus unlimited use of the GVB public transport system for 24, 48 or 72 hours. GVB day passes: Available from 1 to 7 days, with prices starting from €7.50. Valid on trams, buses and metros operated by GVB in Amsterdam. For your convenience, you can buy your tickets in advance from the GVB website. Amsterdam & Region Travel Ticket: 1, 2 or 3 day transport pass valid on all public transport operated by GVB, Connexxion, EBS and NS in Amsterdam and the Amsterdam Area, including night buses.. Amsterdam Travel Ticket: An all-in public transport solution valid for one, two or three days. This ticket includes return (2nd class) train travel between Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and any station in Amste","No smoking inside, but possible on roofterrace or in the carport. No drugs. No pets. That's about it. The overall rule would be: treat the house as if it were yours. That means enjoy but also take care. I don't use strict check-in or check-out times, we'll discuss that and we'll be fine. And if you need anything, information or help with getting around, just let me know."
