,"Enjoying the lively Amsterdam at day-time and coming to rest in the evening in a surrounding you will not be bothered by the busy nightlife of the city? Stay in this stylish furnished houseboat located in the Buiten IJ in Amsterdam North. Rural North offers you characteristic polders and dikes with lovely views over a typical Dutch scenery, while within 20 minutes you will find yourself in the centre of Amsterdam by public transportation. Free parking at the apartment. At walking distance of this apartment you will come across a supermarket offering rural products and it has its own restaurant. The apartment on the houseboat is furnished with a double bed a bathroom with toilet and shower, a kitchen with an electric two-burned stove, refrigerator, and all necessary kitchen utilities. The apartment also counts with a cable television connection, dvd player and dvds, wireless internet, roadmaps, picture albums and tourist information of Amsterdam and its surrounding. Amsterdam counts wit","Enjoying the lively Amsterdam at day-time and coming to rest in the evening in a surrounding you will not be bothered by the busy nightlife of the city? Stay in this stylish furnished houseboat located in the Buiten IJ in Amsterdam North. Rural North offers you characteristic polders and dikes with lovely views over a typical Dutch scenery, while within 20 minutes you will find yourself in the centre of Amsterdam by public transportation. Free parking at the apartment. At walking distance of this apartment you will come across a supermarket offering rural products and it has its own restaurant. The apartment on the houseboat is furnished with a double bed a bathroom with toilet and shower, a kitchen with an electric two-burned stove, refrigerator, and all necessary kitchen utilities. The apartment also counts with a cable television connection, dvd player and dvds, wireless internet, roadmaps, picture albums and tourist information of Amsterdam and its surrounding. Amsterdam counts wit",,,
