met uitzicht op Artis,"Nice atelier in a renovated warehouse 'Vlissingen', right next to the newly renovated old crane. A very quiet place in the eastside of the center of Amsterdam at a canal with a view on Artis Zoo. Sometimes you hear the elefants trumpetting and the wolfs howl.  It is one space of 70 m2 with a sleeping-bench, a shower with toilet and a small kitchen. Very basic, it is a real working place, concrete floors with paint on it. So, only if you can stand imperfectness.  Viewing the south-west, you see the sunset (if no clouds). Own stair. Internet/wifi. Parking payant.  In the close surrounding many cafe's, restaurants, musea (het Scheepvaart-, Tropen- en het Kromhout-museum), Artis Zoo, a mill, the Dapper-market and Brewery t IJ, all in walking distance.  20 minutes walk to the city-center. In 5 minutes walk there are busses and trams to the city-center. It takes no longer than 5 minutes by tram or bus to the City Center or Central Station.  In 20 minutes walk you are in the very center of th","Nice atelier in a renovated warehouse 'Vlissingen', right next to the newly renovated old crane. A very quiet place in the eastside of the center of Amsterdam at a canal with a view on Artis Zoo. Sometimes you hear the elefants trumpetting and the wolfs howl.  It is one space of 70 m2 with a sleeping-bench, a shower with toilet and a small kitchen. Very basic, it is a real working place, concrete floors with paint on it. So, only if you can stand imperfectness.  Viewing the south-west, you see the sunset (if no clouds). Own stair. Internet/wifi. Parking payant.  In the close surrounding many cafe's, restaurants, musea (het Scheepvaart-, Tropen- en het Kromhout-museum), Artis Zoo, a mill, the Dapper-market and Brewery t IJ, all in walking distance.  20 minutes walk to the city-center. In 5 minutes walk there are busses and trams to the city-center. It takes no longer than 5 minutes by tram or bus to the City Center or Central Station.  In 20 minutes walk you are in the very center of th","It's quiet, at a canal, with the zoo Artis at the other side. Many musea and cafe's right in the neighbourhood.","public transport: all kind of possibilities. Cars pay per hour or day, expensive. Park in a park and ride for instance in Zeeburg: (Website hidden by Airbnb)",Smoking outdoor.
