,"Located at one of the most beautiful sites at a unique wetland environment near the center of Amsterdam. Within 15 minutes walk you reach central station or the center of Amsterdam, where the grand canals, famous museums and historic houses await you Silodam Apartment offers you the unique opportunity of staying the “new” architectural world famous building  constructed on concrete pillars over the water. It is nice to have such beautiful new architecture around you right on the harbour. The apartment has a spacious living room with an  open kitchen with dining table and seating area. From across the room you look out over the IJ, where inland ferries and sloops will pass before your eyes. Through a hallway you reach the bathroom and separate toilet. From the same hall you reach the double bedroom. Furthermore, the apartment has a study room with comfortable sofa bed. The house is available on request for three or four people  It is located just west of Central Station - it’s situated ","Located at one of the most beautiful sites at a unique wetland environment near the center of Amsterdam. Within 15 minutes walk you reach central station or the center of Amsterdam, where the grand canals, famous museums and historic houses await you Silodam Apartment offers you the unique opportunity of staying the “new” architectural world famous building  constructed on concrete pillars over the water. It is nice to have such beautiful new architecture around you right on the harbour. The apartment has a spacious living room with an  open kitchen with dining table and seating area. From across the room you look out over the IJ, where inland ferries and sloops will pass before your eyes. Through a hallway you reach the bathroom and separate toilet. From the same hall you reach the double bedroom. Furthermore, the apartment has a study room with comfortable sofa bed. The house is available on request for three or four people  It is located just west of Central Station - it’s situated ",,,Don´t pets allowed Smoke is not allowed Cooking is not possible
