"Only available for couples or a single person, not for 2 friends sharing. Spacious 1 bedroom  apartment in the wanted Jordaan area, close to bars, shops, markets, canals, musea, public transport etc.  lay out: entrance on the 2nd floor; 80 m2 living area with open complete kitchen; 3 s large windows overlooking the street; stairs to the topfloor with bedroom and open bathroom with jacuzzi/massage shower. The apartment has 40 mbWifi/ HD tv with international channels and a luxury finish.","Very nice one bedroom duplex apartment in middle of the wanted Jordaan area, close to bars, shops, musea, markets, canals, musea, public transport etc etc. Lay out: entrance on the second floor; entrance in the spacious living roomwith nice new Furniture and with open complete kitchen(fridge/freezer/oven/microwave/grill/dishwasher) and large dinig table for 8 people and balcony at the back, open stairs to the large master bedroom on the front of the building with 2 persons boxspring bed and cupboard; connected complete bathroom with jacuzzi/shower cabin and sink. On this floor is also the toilet. The whole apartment has wooden floors. Hi speed WIFI and digital TV is present.","Only available for couples or a single person, not for 2 friends sharing. Spacious 1 bedroom  apartment in the wanted Jordaan area, close to bars, shops, markets, canals, musea, public transport etc.  lay out: entrance on the 2nd floor; 80 m2 living area with open complete kitchen; 3 s large windows overlooking the street; stairs to the topfloor with bedroom and open bathroom with jacuzzi/massage shower. The apartment has 40 mbWifi/ HD tv with international channels and a luxury finish. Very nice one bedroom duplex apartment in middle of the wanted Jordaan area, close to bars, shops, musea, markets, canals, musea, public transport etc etc. Lay out: entrance on the second floor; entrance in the spacious living roomwith nice new Furniture and with open complete kitchen(fridge/freezer/oven/microwave/grill/dishwasher) and large dinig table for 8 people and balcony at the back, open stairs to the large master bedroom on the front of the building with 2 persons boxspring bed and cupboard; co","Its quiet, lots of local shops/international lunchrooms/supermarkets/not in the middle of the touristic area of amsterdam but on 1 minute of the canals, on 3 minutes of the best shopping street of the Netherlands etc",on 5 minutes is a bus to central station. on 15 minutes walk is central station.,no drugs/no bbq/no pets/no smoking
