Minimum of three nights.,"General This large houseboat is located in one of the best spots in Amsterdam; central yet quiet. It has unobstructed water views, no traffic, but is near the lively Jordaan area. And at summertime you have quite the swimming pool; the harbor. With its sleeping accommodations for 4 adults, the boats is also well-suited for families with children. Comfort The ship was delivered in 2008 and has many luxuries like a freestanding bath, floor heating and sun terrace. The spacious interior is 3 meters (10 foot) high. - Wi-Fi Internet and music via Apple Airport - Two bedrooms, with 1 bed of 180 by 200 (6' x 6'7"") and 2 beds of 90 by 200 (3' x 6'7""), which can be combined into one big bed - Nespresso & espresso coffeemaker Location The boat is strategically located near tourist must-sees like the Anne Frank House, but it also offers that sense of the local-life at De Houthaven, Prinseneiland and the Jordaan. Het IJ After Central Station was built in 1889, the city was cut off from the river I","General This large houseboat is located in one of the best spots in Amsterdam; central yet quiet. It has unobstructed water views, no traffic, but is near the lively Jordaan area. And at summertime you have quite the swimming pool; the harbor. With its sleeping accommodations for 4 adults, the boats is also well-suited for families with children. Comfort The ship was delivered in 2008 and has many luxuries like a freestanding bath, floor heating and sun terrace. The spacious interior is 3 meters (10 foot) high. - Wi-Fi Internet and music via Apple Airport - Two bedrooms, with 1 bed of 180 by 200 (6' x 6'7"") and 2 beds of 90 by 200 (3' x 6'7""), which can be combined into one big bed - Nespresso & espresso coffeemaker Location The boat is strategically located near tourist must-sees like the Anne Frank House, but it also offers that sense of the local-life at De Houthaven, Prinseneiland and the Jordaan. Het IJ After Central Station was built in 1889, the city was cut off from the river I",,,No smoking inside
