Een grote pipokar is luxueus ingericht als een hotelkamer en staat op een boerderij aan de rand van Amsterdam. Een unieke manier om het boerenleven te leren kennen. Elke morgen een vers boerenontbijt en overdag ervaart u het leven op de boerderij.,"A large carriage is luxurious designed as a hotel room and located on a farm just outside Amsterdam. A unique way to become familiar with the life on a farm. A fresh farmer’s breakfast in the morning during the day you experience living on a farm and you can help the farmer with his work.  B&B Beleef Waterland - B&B Biest-stro can offer you this arrangement in a very surpising environment. The room is located in a large wagon on a nearby farm (see the picture).  The farmer and his son are milking a herd of 600 sheep twice a day and they are making cheese and yoghurt of het sheepsmilk. They appriciate it when you can help them  milking or feeding the animals and they are very wiling to tell you about the life and work on the farm. Especially for children the stay will be an unforgettable experience. The room  has a double bed and the possibility of two extra fieldbeds for children. In the wagen is a kitchen, a fridge, coffee and tea machines, heating and it has electricity. It is compet","A large carriage is luxurious designed as a hotel room and located on a farm just outside Amsterdam. A unique way to become familiar with the life on a farm. A fresh farmer’s breakfast in the morning during the day you experience living on a farm and you can help the farmer with his work.  B&B Beleef Waterland - B&B Biest-stro can offer you this arrangement in a very surpising environment. The room is located in a large wagon on a nearby farm (see the picture).  The farmer and his son are milking a herd of 600 sheep twice a day and they are making cheese and yoghurt of het sheepsmilk. They appriciate it when you can help them  milking or feeding the animals and they are very wiling to tell you about the life and work on the farm. Especially for children the stay will be an unforgettable experience. The room  has a double bed and the possibility of two extra fieldbeds for children. In the wagen is a kitchen, a fridge, coffee and tea machines, heating and it has electricity. It is compet",Waterland is een fantastisch weidegebied met een grote variëteit aan weidevogels. Het is de grootste grutto kolonie van Europa. Een tocht door Waterland met zijn 17e eeuwse dorpen is een onvergetelijke ervaring.,From the central station you can take metro 52 to Station Noord. From there you can order a taxi or a collect bus. Download the mokumflex app to order the bus. You need the number from your metro ticket. It takes about 1 hour before the bus arrives.,"Huisdieren zijn niet toegestaan, omdat die het leven op de boerderij kunnen verstoren."
