Light comfy room in a new apartment on the 8th floor conveniently located close to the airport and city center. Right next to trams and trains. Bike ride through Vondelpark from the heart of the city. Stay in Amsterdam can be awesome & affordable :),"Hello There! We are offering a lovely private bedroom full of light in a neighbourhood that is very quiet, but has great connections to everywhere. Tram stop is just a few steps from the door and it takes some 13 mins to get to famous Leidseplein. Train station with direct connections to Amsterdam Centraal (10mins) and Schiphol Airport (8mins) is a short walk away. Coffee and Tea is included. We do not provide breakfast. Kitchen can be used to heat the meals, prepare sandwiches and store the food in the fridge.  We have 2 bathrooms, one with shower and bathtub, the other one with toilette and sink.  Apartment is in a new building with the lift and you get a nice view at the Amsterdam Zuid from our balcony.","Light comfy room in a new apartment on the 8th floor conveniently located close to the airport and city center. Right next to trams and trains. Bike ride through Vondelpark from the heart of the city. Stay in Amsterdam can be awesome & affordable :) Hello There! We are offering a lovely private bedroom full of light in a neighbourhood that is very quiet, but has great connections to everywhere. Tram stop is just a few steps from the door and it takes some 13 mins to get to famous Leidseplein. Train station with direct connections to Amsterdam Centraal (10mins) and Schiphol Airport (8mins) is a short walk away. Coffee and Tea is included. We do not provide breakfast. Kitchen can be used to heat the meals, prepare sandwiches and store the food in the fridge.  We have 2 bathrooms, one with shower and bathtub, the other one with toilette and sink.  Apartment is in a new building with the lift and you get a nice view at the Amsterdam Zuid from our balcony. You are welcome to join us in livi","Lovely neighborhood with many young people, expats and families. Lots of greenery around.  Metro, tram and train around the corner. So is the big supermarket. Two actually.","Tram 2 ride from Delflandlaan will take around 13 minutes to Leidseplein. It's a nice ride passing Vondelpark, beautiful old buildings and Museumplein.  Metro 50 will take you to Amsterdam Zuid and Ajax arena.  Direct train to Schipol - It takes just 7 minutes.  There are also trams 1 and 17 nearby, taking you to other parts of Amsterdam. Amsterdam has UBER as well, yeey!","Respect is the rule no. 1. Shoes off at the entrance. Let's keep it quiet after 11pm. No smoking in the apartment, you are welcome to do so on the balcony. No drugs inside. No extensive cooking. Always clean after yourself please. How you would like guests behave in your apartment :)   We want you to feel comfortable. If any questions or comments, please let us know right away. We are open to improvements and want you to have an enjoyable stay."
