"This is the perfect apartment for your stay in the wonderful city Amsterdam.  The famous ‘Vondelpark' is only a 5 minute walk away. And you're just steps away from amazing local restaurants, bars and shops. We would love to welcome you.","Welcome to our lovely apartment. The apartment is very light and neat and space for 2 people to sleep, work, cook, eat and do whatever else your heart desires in this great city. We also have a balcony where you can enjoy the sun from 2-8 PM.  There is one full size bed (super comfy). The bathroom has a shower with a big soaking tub. The kitchen has all of the supplies and cookware needed if you should decide to cook at home.","This is the perfect apartment for your stay in the wonderful city Amsterdam.  The famous ‘Vondelpark' is only a 5 minute walk away. And you're just steps away from amazing local restaurants, bars and shops. We would love to welcome you. Welcome to our lovely apartment. The apartment is very light and neat and space for 2 people to sleep, work, cook, eat and do whatever else your heart desires in this great city. We also have a balcony where you can enjoy the sun from 2-8 PM.  There is one full size bed (super comfy). The bathroom has a shower with a big soaking tub. The kitchen has all of the supplies and cookware needed if you should decide to cook at home. We want you to feel at home and this means that you have acces to the whole apartment and all the supplies. We are available with any questions, concerns or if you need recommendations on things to do/see/eat or drink! You can contact us via e-mail, airbnb and by phone. Our house is very close to the olympic stadium where the Europ","Our house is very close to the olympic stadium where the European Athletics  Championships are held from the 6th and the 10th of july 2016. Our apartment is located in the lovely neighborhood Oud-West and just steps away from amazing local restaurants, bars and shops. Our neighborhood is not in the busy city center but If you decide to venture into the city center of Amsterdam the tram, which is at both ends of the street, makes the big city only a few minutes away.  The street we live in Jan Pieter Heijestraat is marked as one of the nicest streets in Amsterdam with 17 'hotspots' by Yourlittleblackbook. Go and check out their reference.  And if that wouldn't be enough, the famous ‘Vondelpark’ is only a-5-minute walk away.","If you do decide to venture into the city centre of Amsterdam the tram, which is at both ends of the street (3 min walk), makes the big city only a few minutes away. The apartment is very well connected to: - Leidse square (5 min. tram/15 min. walking)  - Canals (5 min. tram/10 min. walking)  - Central Station (20 min. tram)  - Schiphol airport (25 min. tram/train)",Smoking is only aloud on the balcony. Please  realize that there are neighbours all around and appriciate their night rest. And our house is of course not available for throwing party's.
